Major aviation conference said to benefit ChicagoWorld Route conference in Chicago could mean more flights, cheaper fares.
3,000 people from airline and tourism industry to descend on Chicago.
Many of the world's top airline and airport officials will descend on Chicago this weekend for a global conference that city officials say will be among the largest economic development events of the year for the city and the region.
Chicago officials expect about 3,000 people in the airline, airport and tourism industries to attend the annual World Route Development Forum, so named because it's partly a networking event where officials talk about adding airline routes to different airports.
  Open link
Representatives from about 300 airlines, 800 airports and 200 tourism authorities around the world are expected to attend the 20th event, at McCormick Place, being held in the United States for only the second time.
Speakers include Jim Compton, chief revenue officer of Chicago-based United Airlines; Scott Kirby, president of American Airlines, and Tim Clark, CEO of Emirates airline.
Hosting the conference serves the dual purpose of showcasing the city to an international audience and attracting air travel routes to Chicago's O'Hare and Midway airports, which could ultimately lead to more route choices for Chicago fliers and even lower airfares, officials said. It also supports Mayor Rahm Emanuel's often-stated goal of attracting 55 million visitors per year to Chicago by 2020 and being among the top five U.S. cities in international tourism.
"This is the premier aviation business-to-business conference," said Chicago Department of Aviation Commissioner Rosemarie Andolino, who has attended other World Route conferences around the world in recent years. "It's a great opportunity for us."
The economic benefit of hosting the conference goes beyond the four-day event that starts this weekend.
"Any time you get exposure to literally every airline in the free world … I just think it strategically aligns with that goal that we've set," said Don Welsh, CEO of the city's tourism agency, Choose Chicago. "This gives us a great opportunity to target those airlines providing service from different parts of the world that align with growth markets for Chicago, i.e., China."
Last year, the World Route conference was held in Las Vegas, and was deemed a success by economic development officials there.
"Expanding air service is a long-term process, and being a host city raised our profile and helped further our discussions with the airlines," said Cathy Tull, senior vice president of marketing for the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority.
Since being named host city for the 2013 conference, Las Vegas added more than 120 weekly flights with an estimated annual economic effect of $454 million, not including gaming, she said. "Today, we continue to have constructive dialogue about expanding our air service in the future," she said.
@mbenny Sounds like you're not handlering things well.
chuck.tatum

Is  Redlining  Making a Comebackis  redlining  making a comeback
New Cheerios Commercial Pays Homage To Hard-Working ParentsThis one features a blue-collar dad headed out for his off-hours job. His young son then makes a sweet gesture that might have any parent crying into his or her cereal.
Cheerios has shown a knack for pushing emotional buttons while peddling product.
This one is no -- sniffle -- exception.
h/t AdWeek
More:

10 Vegas Pools Making a SplashAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

3 tips to turn your passion into a career3 tips to turn your passion into a career
'What do you want to be when you grow up?'
yaruta / Getty Images/iStockphoto
Some of the passions we had as a child aren't going to translate into adulthood very well. But when they do, give yourself the opportunity to explore them.
Some of the passions we had as a child aren't going to translate into adulthood very well. But when they do, give yourself the opportunity to explore them. (yaruta / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Curt Mercadante
Don't let fear hold you back. As long as you put in the work and the time, you've already reached success.
As a kid growing up, you always get asked the question “what do you want to be when you grow up?” And, you probably gave your share of creative answers — astronaut, teacher, firefighter…the list goes on and on.
8
Then at some point in your life, probably around your teens, reality starts hitting you. You start thinking about going to college, getting a job and making a living. That’s when we start pushing our biggest passions and dreams aside so that we can create a life for ourselves.
1
What if we held onto those dreams for just a little bit longer?
Obviously, some of the passions we had as a child aren’t going to translate into adulthood very well (not everyone can live on Sesame Street). But when they do, give yourself the opportunity to explore them.
Don’t let fear hold you back
When it comes to making real life decisions, we are often fearful and tend to go with whatever is the surest bet. It is difficult to take risks because of the possibility of failure. But at the same time, you never know what amazing things can happen. Don’t let fear hold you back. As long as you put in the work and the time, you’ve already reached success.
Know the difference between a job and a career
A job and a career are two very different things. A job is something you do to make a living right now. A career is that, plus more. It’s something you want to cultivate, hone and perfect. It’s something you can see yourself doing long-term, even for the rest of your life. While you may be making a good living from your job, is that how you want to be spending your time?
Do what you love
Not everyone is fortunate enough to do what they love. But at least once, give yourself the opportunity to pursue it. Whether you fail or succeed, you know that you have at least tried.
As the saying goes, do what you love and you’ll never work a day in your life.

Alleged Inside Traders Ate Post-It Notes  Napkinsreddit
John Le Carré is unimpressed. If you're going to use spycraft to conduct insider trading, at least use it properly.
Last week, a Brooklyn man named Frank Tamayo, 41, pleaded guilty to Securities and Exchange Commission charges that he had been the middleman in an insider-trading scheme that the SEC had first alleged back in March.
According to the SEC, Tamayo helped two other men - Steven Metro, then a clerk at the Simpson Thacher law firm, and stockbroker Vladimir Eydelman, formerly of Oppenheimer and Morgan Stanley - pull off a plot that seemed clever, but also hilarious.
Metro regularly passed trading tips gleaned from his law firm's files on to Eydelman, according to the SEC, but the two men never met. Instead, according to prosecutors, Metro would meet Tamayo for coffee and show him the ticker symbol of a stock he wanted Eydelman to buy. Tamayo would then allegedly meet Eydelman at the clock in Grand Central Terminal and show him a post-it note or a napkin with the ticker symbol on it and walk away. After that, the SEC says , Tamayo “chewed up and sometimes even ate the post-it note or napkin to destroy evidence.”
The first problem with this scheme was that Metro and Eydelman allegedly chose to trade in securities that the SEC monitors really closely for weird trading patterns using fancy algorithms. As Matt Levine said when the indictment was first announced in March, if you’re going to insider-trade, “don't buy short-dated out-of-the-money call options in companies that are about to be acquired.”
The even more basic problem for these enterprising, espionage-inspired alleged insider traders was that, while their scheme was, in the SEC’s words , “deliberately constructed to avoid detection,” it was fairly easily detectable.
“Tamayo,” the SEC’s Robert Cohen said , “was the firewall between Metro and Eydelman.”
Except that, if so, he was a pretty terrible firewall: After he met with Tamayo but before he placed his trades, prosecutors say Eydelman would email Tamayo seemingly legitimate justification for the trade about which they had just met. (Along the lines of: "I was looking at some numbers this morning, and I think this company is undervalued, so I am buying some stock.”)
Why, after going through the whole ‘meet at the clock in Grand Central and eat the Post-It note’ routine, would you email the guy you just met in a train station about the exact topic you wanted to keep secret? If two people are separated by a middleman, concealing the identity of the middleman is pretty crucial to keeping those two people separated.
Sending an email to your great-aunt achieves the same thing (a possibly legitimate reason for buying a stock you are allegedly buying for illegitimate reasons) without achieving what you don’t want it to (tipping off investigators to the identity of the middleman).
This is a good reminder that the firewall you create to protect yourself from insider trading charges should not include regular emails to one of your alleged conspirators. Once the SEC notices the unusual trades you're allegedly placing, and that you are emailing your middleman about those trades, it's pretty much game over in terms of keeping your alleged connection obscured.
Metro and Eydelman have pleaded not guilty and are awaiting trial. Their lawyers could not immediately be reached for comment.
More:

Crazy corporate tax loopholesCrazy corporate tax loopholes? 'Inversions' are small potatoes
By Jeanne Sahadi   @CNNMoney September 23, 2014: 4:46 PM ET
 
Are tax inversions 'unpatriotic?'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The Obama administration is trying to clamp down on the corporate rush to move abroad for the tax savings -- doing what it says Congress is unwilling to do.
Few argue that the loopholes that encourage such tax-driven mergers with foreign companies are fine and dandy. In fact, many lawmakers and tax experts wouldn't mind seeing them closed.
But inversions are relatively small potatoes compared to other tax breaks companies enjoy.
Before the Treasury came out with new rules on Monday, the Joint Committee on Taxation had estimated that U.S. companies that invert could cost federal coffers about $20 billion in lost revenue over the next decade.
Compare that to the roughly $400 billion it will cost over the same decade if lawmakers choose to re-up the "temporary" corporate tax breaks that expire every few years and are regularly extended, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.
Not every corporate tax break is bad . Far from it.
But some are dumb; others are mistargeted or engineered by special interests. And some, like those companies can exploit when inverting, are used in ways lawmakers never intended.
Take the domestic manufacturing deduction. It's one of the most expensive tax breaks available to corporations, costing close to $80 billion over five years. It lets companies deduct a percent of the cost of certain manufacturing expenses.
Related: 7 things you must know about corporate taxes
Come tax time, it's amazing how many companies fancy themselves manufacturers. Movie makers and fast-food hamburger makers can qualify apparently.
Or consider the many strategies available to a U.S.-based multinational when it wants to lower its tax bill, even while it remains headquartered in the United States.
The one that's gotten a lot of attention is profit-shifting . This can happen when a U.S. company shares the cost of its research and development with one of its foreign subsidiaries based in a low-tax country.
In exchange, the subsidiary shares in the profits that result from the products born of that R&D, which is usually conducted on U.S. soil.
What troubles tax experts is when the the low-taxed foreign subsidiary books profits that are far higher relative to its investment than those reported by the U.S. branch.
Then there are very industry-specific tax breaks, the broad economic benefits of which are, um, not at all clear. In fact, Howard Gleckman, editor of the blog TaxVox , calls them "giveaways."
In his book, these include subsidies for energy production, credit unions and corporate-owned life insurance. Also on the list: an accelerated depreciation schedule (7 years) for the cost of building or improving NASCAR racetracks and related facilities. Another is a special break for Puerto Rican rum manufacturers .
Bottom line: Addressing inversions barely scratches the surface of the real work that has to be done to clean up the corporate tax code.
Maybe next year.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 4:46 PM ET
Most Popular

Alibaba: Fast as a Rabbit  Patient as a Turtlereddit
By Johannes Berchtold
If you want to understand the shift in global business, watch out carefully what is happening these days in New York. Alibaba Group is in for an unprecedented bonanza, launching the biggest IPO in history on Nasdaq. Few would have bet money on the Chinese e-commerce giant when Jack Ma, its charismatic founder, entered the global arena at the end of the nineties. On May 27, 2000, Jack Ma told a global audience at the St. Gallen Symposium in Switzerland that he is worried about the $25 million he had just received through venture capital.
"I don't know how to spend so much money, and I still worry about how I can spend as little as possible."
It is about spending money wisely and doing things properly, he added, sensing that there was too much money available for internet companies. And he was right when shortly afterwards the first wave of internet business hit the rocks. But even at the time with limited global recognition, Ma was no stranger to the idea of going public.
"In 1995 when I started my internet company in China, people thought I was a crook who was lying about a network that never existed. It was tough but today in China everybody is talking about internet, talking about IPO. Even my mother is talking about IPO, POI or something...."
Today, it is Jack Ma's IPO that is on everyone's lips and how he managed to shape the Chinese e-commerce business over the last almost 20 years. And guess who he was on the panel with, back in 2000 at the St. Gallen Symposium? Jorma Ollila, then-chief executive of Nokia, the world's largest mobile phone company at the time. Jack Ma was the slightly peculiar foreigner, Ollila the king of the castle. Today, no one cares much about Nokia; it is the Alibaba tale that is going to break all records.
Jack Ma, 27 May 2000, St. Gallen Symposium
Follow St. Gallen Symposium on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SG__Symposium
More:

St. Gallen SymposiumGET UPDATES FROM St. Gallen Symposium
 
Like
4
The St. Gallen Symposium is the world's premier opportunity for healthy debates between generations – completely run by students. Each year since 1970, the global elite of leaders and decision makers from various backgrounds meet with the next generation to discuss relevant topics of management, politics and civil society.
Entries by St. Gallen Symposium
(0) Comments | Posted October 16, 2014 | 4:09 AM
By Amritansh Nigam, member of the St. Gallen Symposium's global Leaders of Tomorrow Community
Small is compact and constricted, always seen in comparison to big. The current global scenario demands an existence of both in equal forms. Small maybe frowned upon in terms of size, but it is...

Comcast lashes Time Warner deal criticsComcast accuses Discovery of ‘extortionate demands’
By Matthew Garrahan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/44a4ad6a-43e9-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leaders commend ISRO for MOM successNEW DELHI, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 19:35 IST
Leaders commend ISRO for MOM success
National Bureau
The Hindu Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre, Bangalore. Photo: Madhumati
TOPICS
space programme
India’s arrival on the Red Planet on Wednesday morning brought the country – particularly the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) - accolades from home and overseas.
President Pranab Mukherjee led the nation in congratulating ISRO for the successful Orbit Insertion Manoeuvre of the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) that made India the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the Red Planet.
“The nation is proud of this historic achievement, which has demonstrated, yet again, India’s space capabilities,’’ Mr. Mukherjee said in his congratulatory message.
Hailing ISRO’s achievement, Vice-President Hamid Ansari said: “I am confident that our scientists will continue to scale greater heights and win more laurels for the country in the field of space exploration in the future.’’
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan hoped the success of this mission would inspire scientists to achieve more milestones and instil a new confidence in all Indians.
Bharatiya Janata Party president Amit Shah said: “The Mars mission’s success is continuity to the astronomical heritage laid down by astronomers like Lagadha, Aryabhata, Brahmagupta and Bhaskara.’’
Congratulating ISRO scientists for their remarkable achievement, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) said, “Bharat scripted history’’ by becoming the first country in the world to make it to Martian orbit in the very first attempt. “A time when the whole world has its focus on Bharat, this great achievement marks another milestone in the path of glory,’’ the Akhil Baratiya Prachar Pramukh of the RSS, Manmohan Vaidya, said in a statement.
Laudatory messages began pouring in on social networking sites as soon as MOM was in Mars’ orbit with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and ministerial colleagues taking to Twitter to celebrate India’s entry into the elite club of space-faring nations, which have reached the Red Planet.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi sought to set the success in perspective by describing it as a “milestone in the journey that we as a nation envisaged after independence’’. Others in the Congress joined her effort by flagging messages on Twitter that sought to give some credit to the founding fathers of India’s space programme and former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who pushed for the Mars Mission.
The Communist Party of India (Marxist) said the scientific and technological potential in India should be fully developed for use in other sectors. The CPI also congratulated ISRO.
Baijayant Jay Panda, MP, Biju Janata Dal, tweeted: “ISRO scientists continue to make the nation proud. Mars is the first attempt, with puny budget. Object lesson for our public sector.’’
The odds, were stacked against us. Of the 51 missions, attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded. But we have prevailed: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
A new milestone has been achieved. I congratulate all @isro scientists and engineers for the historic achievement. #Mangalyaan .
— Vijay Goel (@VijayGoelBJP) September 24, 2014
Mangalyaan successfully enters into Mars' orbit. ISRO succeeds in its first attempt. Congratulations.
— Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) September 24, 2014
Namaste, @MarsOrbiter ! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit.
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
We are all proud of Indian scientists for creating history by successfully launching cheapest Mars Mission ever
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 24, 2014
I salute India's scientists who helped the nation to realise its dream of sending 'Mangalyaan' to Mars.
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) September 24, 2014
@isro has done what was thought difficult as Mangalyaan enters Martian orbit at first attempt.The Nation salutes your dedication & efforts
— Amit Shah (@AmitShahOffice) September 24, 2014
Congratulations @isro for creating history by making Mangalyaan a success on its maiden mission. A proud day for every Indian.
— N Chandrababu Naidu (@ncbn) September 24, 2014
Congratulations @isro for creating history by making Mangalyaan a success on its maiden mission. A proud day for every Indian.
— N Chandrababu Naidu (@ncbn) September 24, 2014
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Wal-Mart to offer low-cost checking accountsIt looks like a typical supercenter, but Wal-Mart Stores is stocking some extras at its new Skokie location: foods ranging from Paskez brand candy to Shor Harbor glatt kosher meat. ( Jessica Wohl )
Wal-Mart and Green Dot, based in Pasadena, Calif., said customers can buy a starter kit for $2.95 to set up an account.
GoBank customers also will be able to instantly send money to each other using email or text message at no charge.
cshropshire@tribune.com

Walgreen reportedly explores sale of infusion business0
Walgreen is the largest U.S. provider of home-infusion services. The company solidified that position in 2010 when it swapped its long-term care pharmacy business for the home infusion business of Omnicare.
A deal for Walgreens Infusion Services would come after rival CVS Health  acquired Coram, the specialty infusion services and enteral nutrition business unit of Apria Healthcare Group for about $2.1 billion in January.
Walgreen has a history of working with private equity. In 2012, Walgreens acquired a 45 percent stake in European health and beauty group Alliance Boots for $6.7 billion, partnering with buyout firm KKR & Co and Alliance Boots Chairman Stefano Pessina, which were left owning the remainder.
Last month, Walgreen said it would buy the remaining 55 percent it does not already own of Alliance Boots for $5.3 billion in cash and 144.3 million shares for a total deal of about $15 billion.
 

Chhota Shakeels daughter got married in Pakistan this monthPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:48 pm
The daughter of wanted fugitive Shakeel Babumiya Sheikh alias Chhota Shakeel got married in Pakistan earlier this month, police sources said on Wednesday.
According to highly placed sources with the Mumbai Police, Shakeel’s daughter got married in a nikaah ceremony on September 19 this year, and a reception would soon be held in Dubai. Officials said that they were aware that people who would attend the reception would not be going to Dubai directly and would be taking a roundabout route, and that this was being kept in mind.
Shakeel is accused of being a long time associate of wasted fugitive Dawood Ibrahim Kaskar.
According to highly placed sources with the Mumbai Police, a marriage reception would soon be held in Dubai.

Slapped Muslim cleric refuses to seek bail  says Khuda will do him justiceHasan was sent to jail in judicial custody till October 2 after he refused to apply for bail. (Source: IE photo)
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:36 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:05 am
A day after he was arrested, the Muslim cleric from Gujarat, who offered Narendra Modi a skull cap three years ago, was Wednesday sent to judicial custody till October 2. Sufi Imam Mehdi Hasan, who was arrested for his remarks on Navratri festival, was assaulted by a youth outside Thasra court in Kheda district, where he was produced by the local police.
Hasan was sent to judicial custody after he refused to apply for bail and told the court, “Khuda mera insaf karega (The Almighty will do justice to me).” The cleric was arrested Tuesday for allegedly describing garba as entertainment for the doers of “demonic deeds”.
He came into the spotlight in September 2011 when he offered Narendra Modi, the then chief minister, a skull cap, while greeting him on the Sadbhavana fast. Modi had refused to wear the cap.
Eyewitnesses said that when Hasan was brought in a police van, the court premises bristled with agitated people. The moment Hasan got out of the van, a person, later identified as Rakesh R Patel, slapped him, pushing the cleric to the ground. The police escorting Hasan soon got hold of the attacker. In no time, the video grabs of the incident went viral.
“The man leapt towards Hasan and beat him up. We immediately took preventive measures,” said Kheda District SP Sachin Badshah.
After the incident, the cleric was produced before Judge P V Bhatt, who sent him to 14-day judicial custody. He refused to hire any lawyer to defend himself. In the meantime, Thasra police arrested Rakesh Patel, a resident of Nadiad, and lodged an FIR.

Chidambarams car stopped at Gujarat High Court entrance for not bearing entry stickerPrint
Written by Satish Jha | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:35 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 9:02 pm
Former Union Home and Finance minister P Chidambaram’s car was stopped at the entrance of Gujarat High Court on Wednesday morning for not bearing the mandatory entry sticker. He was made to walk from the entrance till the court after a lawyer objected to his car not having the sticker of the HC Bar Association, which was mandatory for lawyers to enter the court without a pass.
Chidambaram arrived at the entrance gate at around 11 am to appear in a case representing BG Gas Exploration and Production India Limited challenging an assessment order of Gujarat government’s sales tax department in 2010. The sales tax department has levied taxes on the company said to be Rs.800 crore per year which has been challenged in the HC.
Advocate Yatin Oza who is the president of the Gujarat High Court Advocates association, arrived at the same, his car following Chidambaram’s. According to security guards present at the spot, Oza objected to entry of the car before him since it did not have the sticker for advocates practicing at the HC.
“I don’t know whether the car belonged to Chidambaram. I did object to two cars entering the court that didn’t have the sticker. I was also in a hurry. Had I known that the car belonged to Chidambaram, I would have welcomed him,” Oza said when asked about the incident.
Eyewitnesses present at the spot said that Chidambaram had to leave the car at the spot itself. His car took a u-turn while he walked towards the court. There were no security personnel with him. Senior police officials said that Chidambaram came as a private lawyer who did not inform the government, therefore, no security was arranged.
Chidambaram refused to comment on the incident when approached by The Indian Express
Chidambaram argued his case before the division bench of justices Harsha Devani and Sonia Gokani for the whole day. The arguments will be continued on Thursday as well. After the court’s proceeding got over Chidambarm walked till the entrance and got in the private cars belonging to hotel Courtyard Marriott which was waiting outside the entrance.
While leaving the court several journalists surrounded Chidambaram for his opinion on the functioning of Prime Minister Narendra Modi led government, however, he remained unresponsive.

Today s links: Fear  fines and passwordsEMAIL
AP Photo/Mark Lennihan
As the old saying goes on Wall Street, they don’t ring a bell when a bear market starts. But Mark Hulbert’s interview with respected market watcher Hayes Martin suggests that ringing the bell on the Alibaba initial public offering was about as close as it gets.
Demand for ultra-safe Treasury bills is so strong that some investors paid the U.S. government for the privilege of owning them on Tuesday. The yield on the U.S. Treasury bill maturing on Oct. 2 traded at negative-0.01% , says the Wall Street Journal, citing Tradeweb.
Harvard’s endowment hit $36.4 billion in June, the highest of any university, thanks to a 15.4% investment return the previous 12 months. The Ivy League school will still have to face the shame of trailing Yale, which produced a 20.2% gain.
The percent of home loans given to minorities fell to a 14-year low, says Bloomberg. The share of mortgage lending to blacks for home purchases slipped to 4.8% in 2013 from 5.1% in 2012. They are about 13% of the population. Hispanics — about 17% of the U.S. population — fell to 7.3% of borrowers in 2013 from 7.7% in 2012 and a high of 11.7% in 2006.
Alibaba (ticker: BABA) will create a $163 billion peer-to-peer lending network for small businesses and individuals.
Not all IPOs are smoking hot. The price for Citizens Bank, the largest bank IPO since the financial meltdown,  was cut to $21.50 from a range of $23 to $25 before the offering.
Barclays hits a milestone of sorts: It gets fined twice in one day for compliance failures. Grand total at checkout: $77 million.

Truth  justice and the citrus way: Why the worlds mascots are beefing up.By Abby Ohlheiser September 24 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Mascots of America, we need to talk.
Last week, the Florida Department of Citrus revealed that its mascot -- a fictional, anthropomorphic orange named Captain Citrus -- had been transformed from this:
(Florida Department of Citrus)
...to this:
Captain Citrus, the revamped mascot of the Florida Department of Citrus, is very muscular, and according to his fictional backstory, powered by the sun and lives with his family on an orange grove. (Florida Department of Citrus via YouTube)
Right. The face of citrus producers across Florida is no longer an orange who knows citrus is so irresistible that he's about to engage in cannibalism. It is now a beefy superhero who is also on fire.
According to the Tampa Bay Times , the industry organization behind the mascot's makeover is pretty pleased with the change. "Transformed from a life-sized orange into a young man mysteriously powered by the sun," a statement reads, "the newly imagined Captain Citrus is a sculpted hero clad in a muscle-skimming citrus-hued suit."
The Florida Department of Citrus paid Marvel Comics upward of $1 million for the Captain Citrus update, just a few years after the first version of the character was introduced -- waaaay back in 2011. The idea, it seems, is to make orange juice seem cool and healthy to children, i.e. the future of America.
Most of Florida's oranges are turned into juice, according to the Associated Press , and that product has faced two threats in recent years: citrus greening (a bacterial disease that kills orange trees in the state) and waning demand.
So transforming an orange into a ripped superdude is supposed to address a specific concern of consumers: that sugary orange juice might not be quite as healthful as everyone thought.
How can that be, Captain Citrus implies, when a made-up man who represents the beverage looks so good in Spandex?
Doug Ackerman, executive director of the Florida Department of Citrus, said in his announcement of the character that "raising awareness of the amazing nutritional benefits of Florida Citrus, especially among families, is a priority."
But Captain Citrus isn't the only mascot who has gone to the gym recently. Several other mascot makeovers have chiseled the abs and inflated the biceps of all sorts of characters who previously looked more . . . average.
This trend is most prominent in college sports.
In August, for example, the University of Connecticut introduced its new Husky mascot (whose first name, by the way, is Jonathan):
New Jonathan mascot to debut tonight. He's come a long way in the past six decades! http://t.co/358JZY2mhh pic.twitter.com/inADcZCasE

The NFLs advertisers are getting nervousBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 24 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
In an increasingly fragmented television market, National Football League games are some of the few remaining programs that can draw truly mass audiences, and not only on Super Bowl Sunday. So  this news from Marisa Guthrie in the Hollywood Reporter is significant. The league’s domestic violence problems have advertisers that normally salivate over the chance to reach that many viewers at once getting nervous about the NFL’s brand.
Baltimore Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti addresses the controversy surrounding former running back Ray Rice at an NFL news conference on Monday in Owings Mills, Md. (Patrick Semansky/Associated Press)
Guthrie reports:
Several NFL sponsors also are asking questions. Multiple media buyers tell THR that clients have requested their ads not appear during games featuring the Ravens or Minnesota Vikings, the team of suspended running back Adrian Peterson (due in a Texas court Oct. 8 on a child abuse charge for whipping his 4-year-old son). CBS, which kicked off its $275 million Thursday Night Football package Sept. 11 with strong ratings for a Ravens game, had one sponsor ask to be removed from the broadcast and another request its ads shift, likely away from a discussion of the violence issue during CBS Sports’ pregame report. CBS declined to identify the sponsors.
So far, no advertiser has defected entirely from football. “The NFL is too important to most advertisers to pull out,” says one buyer. Still, the erosion of confidence is palpable, with major sponsors including Anheuser-Busch, PepsiCo and McDonald’s releasing strong rebukes. Radisson Hotels has suspended its Vikings sponsorship. And Procter & Gamble pulled out of an October breast cancer initiative that would have had players wearing pink mouth guards. “That implied threat of financial repercussions is extraordinary,” says Storm.
This anxiety does not necessarily mean that companies object specifically to the NFL’s approach. Instead, it sometimes just means that they wish the current kerfuffle would go away. The advertiser that wanted to be moved away from CBS’s coverage of domestic violence is not really making a comment about the league’s handling of the issue. The company just does not want audiences to have any association between it and domestic violence on any level.
And while much of the discussion of the domestic violence controversy has centered on the NFL’s handling of the issue as a league, some of the advertiser behavior described here is an important reminder that this is a problem that can split teams just as easily as unite them. That Baltimore Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti offered Ray Rice a job with the team after cutting him as a player when TMZ released video of Rice’s attack on his now-wife reflects on the particular culture of the Baltimore Ravens, rather than necessarily saying anything about the owners of other franchises.
Even as the NFL moves forward with new league-wide policies and procedures to both prevent domestic violence and handle the aftermath of future incidents, I wonder whether individual teams might consider branding themselves through their approach to such crimes.
The late Myra Kraft, who was married to New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, famously protested the signing of Christian Peter after the team drafted him in 1996 . Peter had been repeatedly accused of sexual assault — and convicted in one case — while a student at the University of Nebraska. The Patriots dropped him. It may have only been a one-off, but Kraft’s stand was an important beacon for Boston sports fans. If advertisers are looking for teams that take stronger and clearer stands on domestic violence than the Ravens and Vikings have, other franchises might see an opportunity in their anxiety and that of the growing number of football fans who are women.
Money may not be the most admirable reason to act, particularly at a late date. But if the current convulsion gets sports teams to recognize that domestic violence prevention (as well as taking decisive action after domestic violence incidents) is good for their players, their reputations and their bottom line, everyone might benefit, no matter the reason.
 

US President Barack Obama calls for dismantling IS network of deathUS President Barack Obama addressing the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly, at UN headquarters on Wednesday. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:30 pm
Declaring the world at a crossroads between war and peace, US President Barack Obama vowed at the United Nations on Wednesday to lead a coalition to dismantle an Islamic State “network of death” that has wreaked havoc in the Middle East and drawn the US back into military action in the region.
Speaking to the annual gathering of the United Nations General Assembly, Obama said the US would be a “respectful and constructive partner” in confronting the Islamic State militants through force. But he also implored Muslims in the Middle East to reject the ideology that has spawned groups like the Islamic State and to cut off funding that has allowed that terror group and others to thrive.
“Ultimately, the task of rejecting sectarianism and extremism is a generational task _ a task for the people of the Middle East themselves,” Obama said. “No external power can bring about a transformation of hearts and minds.”
ALSO READ: World united in fight against ISIL: Barack Obama
The president’s remarks came against the backdrop of an expanded U.S. military campaign against the Islamic State group, with airstrikes now hitting targets in both Iraq and Syria. A coalition of five Arab nations joined the U.S. this week in the strikes in Syria: Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Qatar.
The U.S. also opened another military front with airstrikes this week against a new al-Qaida cell that the Pentagon said was “nearing the execution phase” of a direct attack on the U.S. or Europe.
The threats have drawn Obama back into conflicts in the Middle East that he has long sought to avoid, particularly in Syria, which is mired in a bloody three-year civil war. Just months ago, the president appeared to be on track to fulfill his pledge to end the U.S.-led wars he inherited in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Obama sought to distinguish this current military campaign from those lengthy wars, declaring that he has no intention of sending U.S. troops to occupy foreign lands.
“We will neither tolerate terrorist safe havens nor act as an occupying power,” he said.
The militant threat in the Middle East is just one in a series of global crises that have tested Obama this year. Russia has repeatedly flouted warning from the U.S. and Europe to stop its threatening moves in Ukraine. And leaders in West Africa have criticized Obama for not doing more to help combat an Ebola outbreak that is believed to have infected more than 5,800 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, Nigeria and Senegal.
Obama took on Russia directly in his remarks, accusing Moscow of sending arms to pro-Kremlin separatists, refusing to allow access to the site of a downed civilian airliner and then moving its own troops across continued…

ISRO creates history with Mars MissionUpdated: September 25, 2014 03:23 IST
India keeps historic date with Mars
T.S. Subramanian
The Hindu Scientists at Bangalore ISRO cheering India's historic achievement. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
The Hindu Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre, Bangalore. Photo: Madhumathi D.S.
INFOGRAPHIC
space programme
Mangalyaan cost $74 million, making it the world's cheapest interplanetary mission
Everyone sat glued to their seats, anxious and tense at the Mission Operations Complex-2 (MOX-2), the nerve entre of India’s Mars mission on Wednesday morning. There was just one question on everybody’s mind: will it happen?
The answer came through Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) Chairman K. Radhakrishnan’s intercom. Mission Director V. Kesava Raju had given the thumbs up. The Chairman nodded calmly, went up to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and spoke a few words. A jubilant Mr. Modi hugged him, raised a fist and patted him on the back.
The gesture made it official. At 7.59 a.m., India had accomplished a gigantic feat of putting a spacecraft in orbit around Mars in its first attempt.
Around 150 ISRO engineers at MOX-2 and the neighbouring Mission Analysis Centre (MOX-1), where the media waited, broke into applause. “MOM successfully enters Martian orbit,” ISRO flashed on its monitors.
Dr. Radhakrishnan later told The Hindu, “We have done our best. India is great.”
The tryst with the Red Planet came 10 months after the ISRO launched its first orbiter to Mars on November 5 last year. But the final critical moment was at 7.17 a.m., when the main Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) and the eight small thrusters on the orbiter ignited simultaneously and enabled the crucial manoeuvre.
All the engines fired flawlessly for 24 minutes and reduced the spacecraft’s velocity by 1.09 km per second; this contained the spacecraft in an orbit around Mars.
Praise for feat
Mr. Modi commended the ISRO scientists on “their incredible” feat. “MOM has met Mars. India has successfully reached Mars. History has been created today. We have reached the unknown and achieved the impossible,” he exulted.
“I am living my dream,” said MOM Project Director S. Arunan. Mr. Kesavara Raju called it “a great achievement for the country.”
The former Soviet Union and the U.S, who began their Mars pursuits in the 1960s, as well as Japan and China, failed in their first attempt to put their spacecraft into Martian orbit. The US Mariner-3 failed in 1964 and the Japanese Nozomi did not make it in 1998. Russia’s Phobos-Grunt mission, with a Chinese payload, failed in 2011.

Stocks up despite lingering growth worriesStocks shrug off lingering growth worries
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd3c531e-4398-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amtrak sues insurers over Sandy payoutsAmtrak sues insurers over Superstorm Sandy payouts
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fff3d436-43fa-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Secretariat drowns in Bathukamma spiritUpdated: September 24, 2014 23:26 IST
Secretariat drowns in Bathukamma spirit
Special Correspondent
religion and belief
The women employees of Telangana Secretariat and other government offices participated in Bathukamma at their respective work places on Wednesday. As the State government had confined the working hours of women staff to forenoon session till Dasara, they symbolically performed the first day rituals in the offices in the afternoon.
Dressed in their colourful best, the women formed circles and went round the floral arrangements to the background music and songs that were blared by huge sound boxes.
A festive atmosphere prevailed at the Secretariat as a large crowd gathered at the parking lot in front of the ‘D’ block that housed most of the Telangana offices. The work stations in the block wore a deserted look as not only women, but also male employees left early. Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao also left Secretariat before noise filled the air.
The celebration was organised by women employees association under the presidentship of Jupaka Subhadra. The Telangana Gazetted and Non-Gazetted Officers Union presidents V. Srinivas Goud and G. Deviprasad Rao respectively were present.
Traditional fervour
Nalgonda Staff Reporter adds: Traditional fervour and gaiety marked the celebration of Bathukamma in Bhongir on Wednesday.
Nizamabad MP and Telangana Jagruthi founder Kalvakuntla Kavitha launched the nine-day ‘Bangaru Bathukamma’ celebration. After landing in the temple town, she straight away drove to local MLA Pyla Shekar Reddy's father-in-law’s house where she participated in preparation of ‘Bathukamma’ using various flowers along with local women. Later, the women have gathered at Hanumavada with their Bathukammas.
Meanwhile, a large number of women gathered at grounds of Government Junior College, Bhongir to celebrate Bathukamma. Women and teenage girls wore traditional attire reflecting Telangana culture and carried Bathukammas in their hands.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms. Kavitha said it was a matter of pride to celebrate the first Bathukamma after formation of Telangana State. Education Minister Jagadishwar Reddy, MP Boora Narasaiah Goud, TRS MLAs Gongidi Sunitha, Pyla Shekar Reddy, Kusukuntla Prabhakar Reddy, District Collector T. Chiranjveeulu, Joint Collector Preethi Meena and others were present.

Coal blocks  players may have to pay Rs 10K-cr as fine: CrisilCoal blocks  players may have to pay Rs 10K-cr as fine: Crisil
Kanika Datta: Promises to keepKanika Datta: Promises to keep
100 classic newspaper ads100 classic newspaper ads
Caption Powerful ointment
1853: This ointment never fails. It says so in the text, along with this: "A cripple sets aside his crutches after 10 years suffering." (editor's note: That's some ointment!)
1853: This ointment never fails. It says so in the text, along with this: "A cripple sets aside his crutches after 10 years suffering." (editor's note: That's some ointment!)
Caption Anyone need a plumber?
1858: R. D. McFarlane has an extensive assortment of gas fixtures.
1858: R. D. McFarlane has an extensive assortment of gas fixtures.
See more galleries
Caption Oh, you mean cigars?
1862: Corbin's "segars" are made from Havana tobacco. Get them today, errrr yesterday, at the corner of Clark and Randolph.
1862: Corbin's "segars" are made from Havana tobacco. Get them today, errrr yesterday, at the corner of Clark and Randolph.
See more galleries
Caption Ice in splendid order
1865: Come celebrate the new year at Washington Skating Park, where skates are available for rent. Just take a Randolph Street car for access to the park.
1865: Come celebrate the new year at Washington Skating Park, where skates are available for rent. Just take a Randolph Street car for access to the park.
Caption Just $3 per year to subscribe
1869: Western Monthly is a new magazine devoted to literature, biography and the interests of the WWest.
1869: Western Monthly is a new magazine devoted to literature, biography and the interests of the WWest.
See more galleries
It's amazing how much newspapers have changed over the years, from the stories to the photos to the advertisements. Oh the ads! There were ones for major department stores closed the day after Christmas and even bread for husbands more difficult than most. Here are some of our favorites... By Scott Kleinberg, Chicago Tribune social media editor

Huge setback for CBI chief Ranjit Sinha in Supreme CourtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaypee Power may get CEA notice over HP hydel project violationsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ashok Mohanty Saradha scamfinancial_scandal    Cached
The Saradha Group financial scandal, was a financial scam caused by the collapse of a Ponzi scheme run by Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private ...
Also Try

India re-election UNHRCelection-unhrc.html    Cached
After India’s re-election, the country’s Ambassador to the UN Asoke Mukerji emphasised that the country’s focus will be to make the UN human rights system more ...
More search results

Senegal Ebola outbreakEbola death toll edging closer to 4,900, says WHO -...
Dawn17 hours ago
GENEVA: The death toll in the world’s worst-ever Ebola outbreak has edged closer to 4,900, while almost 10,000 people have now been infected, new figures from the World Health Organisation showed on Wednesday.

French honour for Indian-origin UK bizman LalwaniComments
Kartar Lalvani, the Indian-origin founder of Vitabiotics, the largest vitamins company by sales in the UK, has been conferred an honorary professorship of University of Franche-Comte, one of the oldest universities in Europe, for his work in the field of dermatology.
The post, only the second such to go to a Briton in the university’s history, was conferred by university president Dominique Vuitton at a ceremony in Besancon, the capital of Franche-Comte region in eastern France, on Monday.
Lalvani, whose family was displaced from Sind when India was Partioned, settled in Mumbai before moving to UK, studied pharmacy at King’s College, London, and completed a doctorate in medical chemistry at Bonn University before founding his award-winning company in 1971.
Lalvani’s latest invention, an anti-ageing tablet called Perfectil, successfully passed clinical trials recently and the results were published in the Journal of Clinical Interventions in Ageing.
Vitabiotics has entered into a deal with France’s leading centre for dermatological research, CERT, a part of the university. “Ours is the first British company to bring transformative innovation to dermatology and cosmetics... so for us a French scientific partner was a natural choice,” Lalvani said.
Lalvani is one of the richest Asians in Britain and Vitabiotics exports several brands to over 100 countries, including India. Its Indian arm, Meyer Vitabiotics, is betting big on the domestic market, and recently launched a few health food supplements in the country.
It also plans to launch its entire Nutraceuticals product range in India within three to four years, besides setting up manufacturing facilities in the country.
Nutraceuticals are neither food nor drug products, and can be sold over the counter or even in retail stores without a prescription.

Syndicate Bank sacks CMD JainSyndicate Bank sacks CMD Jain
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 23:21 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:44 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
Syndicate Bank has terminated the services of CMD SK Jain, who was suspended following his arrest by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for allegedly accepting bribe from companies including Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries to extend their credit limits.
The bank informed the Bombay Stock Exchange about the termination on Tuesday. Besides Jain, the CBI has booked 11 others under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and criminal conspiracy.
Following the incident, the government has decided to issue fresh guidelines for appointment of directors on board of public sector banks and more professionals are likely to be inducted, financial services secretary GS Sandhu had said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has also stressed the need to professionalise bank boards. According to sources, if specialists are brought in instead of filling up board slots in “arbitrary” manner, it would help in overall business and HR-related issues.

A case for whistle-blower anonymitylaws
Anonymity can protect unpopular individuals from retaliation — and their ideas from suppression — at the hand of an intolerant society
The Supreme Court of India has, thankfully, decided to reconsider an earlier order calling for revealing the identity of the whistle-blower while hearing a petition alleging gross misconduct against the Director of the country’s foremost police agency, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). On September 15, a bench comprising Justices H.L. Dattu and S.A. Bobde had made an egregious demand on the petitioner, Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) that it would accept an affidavit filed on the NGO’s behalf only if it revealed the source of its information. Earlier, CPIL had submitted to the court, among other documents, what it alleged to be the visitor’s register to the CBI Director Ranjit Sinha’s residence, exposing several persons accused of crimes in the 2G-spectrum and coal scam cases having met him. These meetings, according to the NGO, showcased the Director’s complicity with the accused, which compromised trials of critical public importance.
In response to the Supreme Court’s original demand for the name of the whistle-blower, CPIL filed a fresh affidavit informing the court that it was loath to revealing the name of its source. “Several whistle-blowers have unfortunately been killed after their identity was revealed,” the affidavit states. What’s more, along with its new affidavit, CPIL filed a fresh plea requesting the court to recall its earlier order. The Bench will now consider CPIL’s petition, after hearing the opinion of the Special Public Prosecutor Anand Grover, when it reconvenes on October 10.
Why anonymity matters
Any decision from the court on the admissibility of CPIL’s plea could have, in the judges’ own words, “great ramifications.” At a time when laws around the world are being strengthened to encourage whistle-blowing of corruption at the highest levels, it would be grossly pitiable were the court to disregard CPIL’s petition purely on the basis of the NGO’s failure to reveal the name of its informant. If the court persists with its original demand for the name of the whistle-blower — albeit in a sealed cover — as a pre-condition to taking the document on record, it will only serve to further weaken the state of whistle-blower protection laws in India, potentially closing the door on future crusades against corruption. Unless the anonymity of whistle-blowers is preserved and protected, it is likely that instances of dishonesty by public officials will become not merely the norm — if it isn’t already so — but also virtually undetectable.
Anonymity, as John Paul Stevens, a former justice of the U.S. Supreme Court wrote, by evoking J.S. Mill’s On Liberty, in his majority opinion in McIntyre v. Ohio Elections Commission (1995), can be “a shield from the tyranny of the majority.” It can “protect unpopular individuals from retaliation — and their ideas from suppression — at the hand of an intolerant society.” No doubt Mr. Stevens’ views were expressed in the context of protecting political speech under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. But the basis for such right to anonymity equally applies to whistle-blowers. To accord them such freedom would provide them a protection from retaliation. As the affidavit filed by CPIL informs us, whistle-blowers, whose identities have been revealed, have often faced the wrath of the real offenders: Satyendra Dube, S. Manjunath, Amit Jethwa and Shehla Masood are but a few informants killed after their identities became public.
The argument against the protection of anonymity canvassed by Mr. Sinha’s counsel, that the Supreme Court was originally inclined to accept, is that the identity of the source is integral to a proper adjudication on the genuineness of the claims, in this case, the veracity of the logbook. But such a position is both misconceived and dangerous. As CPIL’s affidavit reveals, there are a number of ways in which the Supreme Court can probe into the authenticity of the logbook. Just by way of example, says the NGO, the 23 Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) and CBI guards, who were stationed at the residence of the CBI Director can be examined by Mr. Grover, and, if they so deem fit, can be cross-examined by Mr. Sinha’s lawyers.
There are numerous other ways in which the veracity of the logbook can be verified. The CBI is hardly in need of tutoring on such endeavours. In numerous instances, the bureau itself has taken pains to protect the anonymity of its sources, prosecuting the accused based on confidential information, where even the complainant has, at times, been kept unidentified.
Admissibility of evidence
It might well be the case that the logbook from Mr. Sinha’s residence was obtained through illegal, or even unethical, means. But the law of evidence in India, quite contrary to the American position, does not proscribe the admissibility of evidence illegally obtained. India’s rules of evidence are modelled on English law, where courts consistently refuse to exclude evidence obtained through an illegal search or seizure. The only test of admissibility is the relevancy of a document. Although these are arguments to be made and countered at a subsequent stage of the proceedings against Mr. Sinha, there can be little doubt that a register comprising the names of the visitors to the CBI Director’s residence is relevant in determining his alleged complicity with the accused in matters of such enormous public significance.
What’s more, the Supreme Court’s original objection to CPIL’s affidavit on the basis of Order IX Rule 13 of the Supreme Court Rules, 2013, appears not only pedantic but also incorrect. Order IX comprises the rules of filing an affidavit in the Supreme Court. Rule 13 specifically states that an “‘affidavit’ includes a petition or other document required to be sworn or verified; and sworn includes affirmed. In the verification of petitions, pleadings or other proceedings, statements based on personal knowledge shall be distinguished from statements based on information and belief. In the case of statements based on information, the deponent shall disclose the source of his information, including official records.”
Here, CPIL’s assertion about Mr. Sinha’s complicity with the accused appears to be based on a visitor’s register to his residence. The assertion is admittedly a statement based on information and belief. But all that CPIL was required to disclose in its affidavit, and the verifying petition to its affidavit, in order to maintain consonance with the rules, is that its statements were based on the logbook; this is so, because the source of the information that CPIL has asserted in its affidavit is the logbook by itself, and not the person who secured the logbook from Mr. Sinha’s residence. In this case, the information in question is the meetings held by Mr. Sinha with numerous persons accused of crimes in the 2G spectrum and coal block cases, and the source of that information is the visitor’s logbook. The NGO is, under law, mandated to disclose no additional evidence.
Furthermore, as CPIL has highlighted in its new affidavit, the Supreme Court in public interest litigation has often relaxed the rules of procedure where questions of enormous national significance are at play. Ensuring a fair, uncompromised trial of the accused in the 2G spectrum and coal block cases, given the enormity of the alleged crimes committed, is of particular public importance. Even if the document presented to the court by Mr. Bhushan appears on the face of it to be forged, the court must allow the petitioner, possibly with the aid of the special public prosecutor, an opportunity to establish the veracity of the document independent of an examination of the whistle-blower’s authenticity.
A democracy — where the meekest deserve protection from the majority — ought to accord its whistle-blowers the highest protection, including the safeguard of anonymity; whistle-blowers, as the history of other democracies have shown us, represent a strong check on unbridled government power. If the shield of anonymity is allowed to wither, the jurisprudence of our courts will only serve to encourage the worst forms of governmental transgression. The attention of the Supreme Court ought to be on the message, and not the messenger.
(Suhrith Parthasarathy is an Advocate in the Madras High Court.)

Top 3 picks: Gateway Distriparks  Federal Bank  Firstsource SolutionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How to Challenge Your Team & Take It to the Next Level!reddit
Recently, I coached a team in a group session. The team members rated the team a 6.1 in terms of working together. I asked each team member to reflect on a challenge that he/she is currently having and share it with me and the group. There were about 10 people and 6 focused on changing what they could not change. It was an epidemic! The team prioritized this behavior as the one to focus on in their team change efforts. Over the next six months, the group took part in the Team Building without Time Wasting process and I am happy to report that it is now a highly functional team, with members rating the team an 8.6!
Following are the steps the team took to change this endemic challenge of focusing on what they could not change. Note step 7. All of the steps are critical in the process, and step 7 is the one that will take your team to the next level -- it is Follow-Up - and it will ensure that the change sticks!
Ask all members of the team to confidentially record their individual answers to two questions: (1) "On a 1 to 10 scale (with 10 being ideal), how well are we doing in terms of working together as a team?" and (2) "On a 1 to 10 scale, how well do we need to be doing in terms of working together as a team?"
Have a team member calculate the results. Discuss the results with the team. If the team members believe that the gap between current effectiveness and needed effectiveness indicates the need for team building, proceed to the next step in the process.
Ask the team members, "If every team member could change two key behaviors that would help us close the gap between where we are and where we want to be, which two behaviors we all should try to change?" Have each team member record his or her selected behaviors on flip charts.
Help team members prioritize all the behaviors on the charts (many will be the same or similar) and (using consensus) determine the most important behavior to change (for all team members).
Have each team member hold a one-on-one dialogue with all other team members. During the dialogues each member will request that his or her colleague suggest two areas for personal behavioral change (other than the one already agreed on above) that will help the team close the gap between where we are and where we want to be.
Let each team member review his or her list of suggested behavioral changes and choose the one that seems to be the most important. Have all team members then announce their one key behavior for personal change to the team.
Encourage all team members to ask for brief (five-minute), monthly three question "suggestions for the future" from all other team members to help increase their effectiveness in demonstrating 1) the one key behavior common to all team members, 2) the one key personal behavior generated from team member input and 3) overall effective behavior as a team member.
Conduct a mini-survey, follow-up process in approximately six months. From the mini-survey each team member will receive confidential feedback from all other team members on his or her perceived change in effectiveness. This survey will include the one common behavioral item, the one personal behavioral item, and the overall team member item. A final question can gauge the level of follow-up -- so that team members can see the connection between their level of follow-up and their increased effectiveness.
This process works because it is highly focused, includes disciplined feedback and follow-up, doesn't waste time and causes participants to focus on self-improvement.
Let me close with a challenge to you (the reader) as a team leader. Try it! The "downside" is very low. The process takes little time and the first mini-survey will quickly show whether progress is being made. The "upside" can be very high. As effective teamwork becomes more and more important, the brief amount of time that you invest in this process may produce a great return for your team and an even greater return for you organization.
*     *     *
Please view the Marshall Goldsmith Thinkers50 Video Blog . The next short video in the series Coaching for Behavioral Change: Team Building Without Time Wasting accompanies this article. I'll post these blogs once a week for the next 50 weeks. The series will incorporate learnings from my 38 years of experience with top executives, as well as material from my previous research, articles and books, including What Got You Here Won't Get You There, MOJO, Coaching for Leadership, and Succession: Are You Ready? The blogs will also include material from my exciting new research on engagement and my upcoming book Triggers (to be published by Crown in 2015).
Follow Marshall Goldsmith on Twitter: www.twitter.com/coachgoldsmith
More:

Column: The Narendra Modi-Barack Obama showE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Column: Chinas measured embrace of IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian feature phone users upgrading to affordable smartphones  shows Opera reportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal import bill to shoot up by Rs. 18k cr: ReportThe Hindu India's imports figure is expected to rise in the current year. File photo.
TOPICS
coal
India’s coal import bill is likely to go up further by around Rs. 18,000 crore due to the cancellation of coal blocks by the country’s apex court, according to a report.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed the allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks allotted to various companies since 1993.
Around 40 of them were operational.
“In the event of complete de-allocation of the coal blocks, the import bill of India would jump by USD 3 billion. The two most impacted companies are Jindal Steel and Power and Hindalco,” Macquaire had said in a recent report.
“Any news of curtailment of India’s coal production could help revive the weak global sentiment on coal, as some companies might try to build inventory,” it added.
India had imported around 168.4 million tonnes of coal worth Rs 95,000 crore last fiscal and this figure is expected to rise in the current year.
India is the third largest importer despite having fourth largest coal reserves in the world.

Home Depot Hack Is Letting Criminals Drain Money From Bank AccountsHome Depot Hack Is Letting Criminals Drain Money From People's Bank Accounts
Reuters
Updated:
09/24/2014 11:59 pm EDT
This Aug. 14, 2012 file photo shows a Home Depot store in Nashville, Tenn. On Tuesday, Sept. 2, 2014, the home improvement retailer said that it's looking into "unusual activity" and that it's working with both banks and law enforcement after suspicions of a credit card data breach. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
(Reuters) - Data breach at home improvement retailer Home Depot Inc
has led to fraudulent transactions across the United States, draining cash from customer bank accounts, the Wall Street Journal said.
Criminals are using stolen card information to buy prepaid cards, electronics and even groceries, the Journal said, citing people familiar with the matter.
Financial institutions also are stepping up efforts to block the transactions by rejecting them if they appear unusual, the daily said.
Earlier this month, Home Depot confirmed its payment systems were breached and said some 56 million payment cards were likely compromised in a cyberattack at its stores, suggesting the hacking attack at the home improvement chain was larger than last year's unprecedented breach at Target Corp
.
Home Depot had said customers who shopped at its stores as far back as April were exposed, suggesting the breach extended through the busy summer season.
(Reporting by Anannya Pramanick in Bangalore)
More:

Amul ranks 15 in global dairy rankingsAmul ranks 15 in global dairy rankings
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 24, 2014 08:58 PM IST
Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) which markets Amul brand of milk and dairy products has risen to the rank of 15 amongst the top dairy organisations of the world according to a recent survey by International Farm Comparison Network (IFCN), a leading, global dairy knowledge organisation. Two years back, Amul had ranked 20 in the list.
According to a GCMMF press release here, “ This has been the fastest rise by any top-ranking dairy organisations across the globe.  Just two years back (in 2012), Amul was ranked #20 in the list of top global dairy organizations.
Other top-ranked dairy organisations in the list are multi-nationals operating in multiple countries, while Amul operates primarily in India.”
The statement further claimed that since the milk solids content in Indian milk is much higher, due to presence of buffalo milk in India, Amul would rank among top 10 dairy organisations, if the ranking was done on basis of milk solids being handled.
According to the latest rankings, USA’s Dairy Farmers of America ranked one with a 3.7 per cent share of world milk production at 27.8 million tonnes of milk intake.
It has been followed by New Zealand’s Fonterra, France’s Groupe Lactalis, Switzerland’s Nestle and Denmark’s Aria Foods. France’s Danone came in at the eighth position. GCMMF has been ranked 15th with 4.8 million tonnes of milk procurement and a 0.6 per cent share in world milk production.
R S Sodhi, managing director of GCMMF said that the federation plans to achieve turnover of Rs 22,000 crore in the financial year 2014-15.  
He expressed confidence that since India is the largest milk producing nation in the world, GCMMF will also one day fulfill its destiny of becoming the largest dairy organisation in the entire world.

BJP woos Bihar s Mahadalits with colour TV promiseEYE BROWSE
BJP hopes to woo Mahadalits with colour TVs
After receiving a setback in Assembly by-elections just months after its Lok Sabha poll euphoria, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has embarked on a journey to win over Mahadalits in Bihar.
By Giridhar Jha | Mail Today –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014
Print
PATNA: AFTER receiving a setback in Assembly by-elections just months after its Lok Sabha poll euphoria, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has embarked on a journey to win over Mahadalits in Bihar.
"If the BJP comes to power in Bihar, our government will provide colour televisions along with electricity connection to all Mahadalit localities in the state. The government will bear all its costs," senior party leader Sushil Kumar Modi announced at a two-day training camp organised by the BJP Mahadalit Manch that concluded in Rajgir on Sunday.
Sushil said the BJP would usher development - the kind the state has not witnessed in the last 50 years - in just five years.
"The country and the state cannot develop if the welfare of Mahadalits, who account for 16 per cent of the population of the state, is not ensured," he said.
Accusing former chief minister Nitish Kumar of having installed a dummy chief minister in Jitan Ram Manjhi, Sushil accused the Janata Dal (United) government of spending funds meant for Mahadalit welfare on other schemes.
During his eight- and half- year tenure, Nitish had launched a slew of welfare projects for the most marginalised sections of the society which had made him popular among Mahadalits.
Apart from giving the senior-most member of the community the honour to hoist the Tricolour on Republic Day and Independence Day in every Mahadalit basti, the Nitish government provided a transistor to every Mahadalit family across the state.
Political observers believe that Nitish's move to pick a Mahadalit leader, Manjhi, as his successor further strengthened the party in the state.
With the likely polarisation of the Muslim -Yadav votes in favour of the JD (U)- RJD grand alliance, the Mahadalit vote bank has become extremely crucial for all parties.
Union minister and LJP president Ram Vilas Paswan, however, said that the grand alliance would have no impact on the Assembly polls.
"It is a mismatched alliance of those who were criticising each other until recently," he said.
Reproduced From Mail Today. Copyright 2014 MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

US President Barack Obama calls for dismantling IS network ofdeathUS President Barack Obama addressing the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly, at UN headquarters on Wednesday. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:30 pm
Declaring the world at a crossroads between war and peace, US President Barack Obama vowed at the United Nations on Wednesday to lead a coalition to dismantle an Islamic State “network of death” that has wreaked havoc in the Middle East and drawn the US back into military action in the region.
Speaking to the annual gathering of the United Nations General Assembly, Obama said the US would be a “respectful and constructive partner” in confronting the Islamic State militants through force. But he also implored Muslims in the Middle East to reject the ideology that has spawned groups like the Islamic State and to cut off funding that has allowed that terror group and others to thrive.
“Ultimately, the task of rejecting sectarianism and extremism is a generational task _ a task for the people of the Middle East themselves,” Obama said. “No external power can bring about a transformation of hearts and minds.”
ALSO READ: World united in fight against ISIL: Barack Obama
The president’s remarks came against the backdrop of an expanded U.S. military campaign against the Islamic State group, with airstrikes now hitting targets in both Iraq and Syria. A coalition of five Arab nations joined the U.S. this week in the strikes in Syria: Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Qatar.
The U.S. also opened another military front with airstrikes this week against a new al-Qaida cell that the Pentagon said was “nearing the execution phase” of a direct attack on the U.S. or Europe.
The threats have drawn Obama back into conflicts in the Middle East that he has long sought to avoid, particularly in Syria, which is mired in a bloody three-year civil war. Just months ago, the president appeared to be on track to fulfill his pledge to end the U.S.-led wars he inherited in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Obama sought to distinguish this current military campaign from those lengthy wars, declaring that he has no intention of sending U.S. troops to occupy foreign lands.
“We will neither tolerate terrorist safe havens nor act as an occupying power,” he said.
The militant threat in the Middle East is just one in a series of global crises that have tested Obama this year. Russia has repeatedly flouted warning from the U.S. and Europe to stop its threatening moves in Ukraine. And leaders in West Africa have criticized Obama for not doing more to help combat an Ebola outbreak that is believed to have infected more than 5,800 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, Nigeria and Senegal.
Obama took on Russia directly in his remarks, accusing Moscow of sending arms to pro-Kremlin separatists, refusing to allow access to the site of a downed civilian airliner and then moving its own troops across continued…

Chhota Shakeels daughter got married in Pakistan thismonthPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:48 pm
The daughter of wanted fugitive Shakeel Babumiya Sheikh alias Chhota Shakeel got married in Pakistan earlier this month, police sources said on Wednesday.
According to highly placed sources with the Mumbai Police, Shakeel’s daughter got married in a nikaah ceremony on September 19 this year, and a reception would soon be held in Dubai. Officials said that they were aware that people who would attend the reception would not be going to Dubai directly and would be taking a roundabout route, and that this was being kept in mind.
Shakeel is accused of being a long time associate of wasted fugitive Dawood Ibrahim Kaskar.
According to highly placed sources with the Mumbai Police, a marriage reception would soon be held in Dubai.

http://usat.ly/1psgv12This contribution is a part of: View from your office
Photos and videos on this page were submitted by this user.
View from my office
Sarah Valerio June 16, 2014 at 2:24 p.m.
Overlooking the White House, Old Executive Office Building, Washington Monument and Jefferson Memorial.
Your Take contributions have not been reviewed for accuracy by USATODAY. Contributors agree to our Terms of Service and are responsible for the content of their videos and photos. Please report any content that violates the terms.
More Submissions

Congress accuses Modi government of being anti-Maharashtra12
0
Mumbai: Maharashtra Congress on Wednesday accused the Narendra Modi-led government of being biased against the state and claimed that the Centre was planning to reduce the importance of Mumbai as financial capital of the country and also shut down operations at the JNPT.
State Industries Minister Narayan Rane said that three divisions of RBI's forex department have been shifted to Delhi recently and a letter to editor about the effect this would have in lowering the importance of Mumbai as a financial centre was published in Shiv Sena's mouthpiece 'Saamana'.
"However, (Sena chief) Uddhav Thackeray, who is the editor of the paper, is so blinded by lust for power that he has not taken note of Modi government's attempt to lower Mumbai's position as an economic centre and financial capital of the country. He is busy with seat-sharing talks and is aiming to be chief minister," Rane alleged.
"If Bal Thackeray was in his place, he would have stopped all alliance talks and demanded that the three RBI divisions be brought back to Mumbai," Narayan Rane said.
#maharashtra #congress #shiv sena #bjp
"If Bal Thackeray was in his place, he would have stopped all alliance talks and demanded that the three RBI divisions be brought back to Mumbai," he said. The Reserve Bank of India was set up in 1935 in Mumbai and has contributed to the emergence of the megapolis as a financial nerve centre.
"Even when Indira Gandhi had once wanted to shift the RBI headquarters to Delhi, YB Chavan explained the importance of having the bank headquartered in Mumbai and the plan was dropped. RBI's contribution in emergence of Mumbai as the hub of banking trade and commerce cannot be ignored," he said.
Congress condemns the Centre's move, Rane said, adding that he will write to Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan to convene a special Cabinet meeting to oppose the Union government's decision to shift the three divisions to Delhi and demand that the earlier status be resorted.
"The government also plans to shut operations at Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) and shift to Mundra port in Gujarat. Besides this, there is also plan to hand over redevelopment of 1,800 acre land of Bombay Port trust (BPT), which is valued at Rs 75,000 crore, to an industrialist, close to the present government," Rane further alleged.
He said that the Chinese President was on a business visit to India recently, but instead of bringing him to Mumbai, Ahmedabad was chosen for making investment announcements. "One wonders whether Modi is Prime Minister of India or Gujarat?" he asked.
Rane also criticised the BJP for its hoardings in Mumbai seeking votes for Modi who has blessings of Maratha warrior king Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. "Why will Shivaji Maharaj bless Modi for Assembly polls? BJP does not have any face from the state to project. If the party is so respectful towards Shivaji, why is there no provision in the budget for the statue in the Arabian sea?" he
questioned.
Congress will highlight Modi government's "anti-Maharashtra" stance during its campaign for the state Assembly elections, Rane added.
12

SC accepted our suggestion on coal block cancellation: Sriprakash Jaiswal6
0
New Delhi: Former Coal Minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Wednesday said that the Supreme Court has accepted the previous UPA government's suggestion of cancellation of coal blocks which were allocated since 1993.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 which were alloted to various companies since 1993. "The Supreme Court has accepted our (previous UPA government) suggestion that all the coal block which were allocated since 1993 be cancelled," Jaiswal said. The controversy over allocation of coal blocks had started when Jaiswal was the coal minister.
In 2012, Jaiswal had written to to Central Vigilance Commission seeking a CBI probe into all the coal blocks allocated since 1993 when Government had started allocation to private players for captive use.
"The Supreme Court has accepted our (previous UPA government) suggestion that all the coal block which were allocated since 1993 be cancelled," Jaiswal said.
#sriprakash jaiswal #sc #supreme court #coal block allocation
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crores were invested.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha, saved only four blocks--one belonging to NTPC and SAIL each and two allocated to Ultra Mega Power Projects--from being cancelled. The bench, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, granted six months breathing time to mining companies to wind up their operations in the coal blocks.
The bench also directed the companies, which were allocated coal blocks but had not operationalised them, to pay a compensation to the government for the loss of exchequer. It accepted the findings of the CAG which came to the conclusion that the loss of Rs 295 per tonne was caused due to the non-operation of the mines.
The apex court also noticed the stand taken by the NDA government that it is "fully prepared to face socio-economic impact" if the coal block allocations were cancelled. During the earlier hearing in the case, the UPA govt had opposed cancellation of coal blocks allocation saying that around Rs 2 lakh crore had been invested by various companies after blocks were alloted to them.
The apex court had on August 25 held that all coal blocks allocation since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
1

I tried out Cuddlr  the Tinder for cuddling  and all I got was creeped outBy Caitlin Dewey September 24 Follow @caitlindewey
Really? It’s only September. (Cuddlr)
Scrolling around Charlie Williams’s new app, Cuddlr  — proudly billed as the “Tinder for cuddling” — you get the sense that maybe Williams hasn’t spent a whole lot of time online.
The app, which promises to connect consenting adults for safe, fun, nonsexual snuggling, relies on the same geolocation technology as Tinder, Grindr and their ilk. It also relies on the same core philosophy: That, given the opportunity, people will use their phones to make connections with each other — in this case, unsexy, platonic connections that just so happen to involve lots of physical touch.
That’s kind of where Cuddlr falls on its face. Call it the app equivalent of the popular Internet axiom, Rule 34 : “If it exists, there is porn of it.” It doesn’t matter how much Cuddlr insists the app is for free hugs only — in its seven days in the App Store, it’s already turned to distinctly less PG purposes.
Consider the number of requests sent in the witching hours after 11 p.m. Or the fact that, despite much trying, the Daily Dot’s EJ Dickson could not find a single other lady to hug earlier this week. Or the fact that every Cuddlr user I messaged for this story was in bed, asked for my picture, or both.
Cuddlr notifications: curiously frequent after dark!
When I finally found a suitable cuddle this morning — young guy, normal picture, just a couple neighborhoods away — we exchanged a series of texts negotiating (what I thought would be) a friendly hug. When he asked to see my picture, I sent him a picture with my boyfriend. He was, well … disappointed.
“I’m into the idea of spontaneous, no-strings-attached sex,” he texted back.
So that didn’t work out.
American society has a complicated, and kind of bizarre, relationship with interpersonal touch: It’s expected between sexual partners and family members, but takes on a distinctly creepy connotation between just about anyone else. Williams points out, in his impassioned raison d’etre on Medium , that mainstream America finds it more acceptable to use an app to meet a stranger for sex than to use an app to find a friendly hug. Since hugs are good for you, and carry little inherent risk, that doesn’t make a lot of sense.
It also echoes an argument made by the “cuddle party” gurus of the early aughts: “We live in a very touch-deprived society,” the self-proclaimed sex coach Reid Mihalko once said.
But there’s a reason cuddle parties aren’t in vogue today, just as there’s a reason that every Cuddlr user I corresponded with for this story asked to see my picture. Americans simply aren’t conditioned to think of something as physically intimate as “cuddling” in a non-sexual or non-romantic way. (Heck, it’s in the very definition of the word.)
And while Williams’s quest to change their minds on that score is admirable — visionary, even — a geolocation app is self-evidently not the way to do it. People will use a geolocation app for sex, full-stop. And no amount of small print or cautionary help text will change that.
In fact, given the way people already appear to be using the app, the small print almost seems dangerous: with its vague intimation that “a cuddle can be many things” and its refusal to ban users even after someone else flags their cuddle as “inappropriate” — multiple users must make such reports — it’s easy to see cuddlers meeting up with different expectations. (It’s also easy to see lawsuits. Or sexual assaults.)
This is a bit of a tragedy, really, because geolocation — with its unprecedented ability to connect nearby strangers — has so much (platonic!) social potential. I would love an app that could help me meet my neighbors in my apartment building, whom I very rarely see. Or other dog-owners in my area.
Frankly, I would even like an app that connected people who like hugs — literal hugs, and nothing else — because I do think that’s kind of a charming idea. I hugged one of my co-workers this morning after spotting him on Cuddlr. It was nice!
The screen that pops up when you accept a cuddle-request; this one came from my coworker. Thanks for the hug, Michael! (Cuddlr)
But the problem with designing an app around that type of very fundamental social interaction, I think, is that because the interaction is so extremely basic — a hug, or a “hi,” or a “hey, you live here too?” — it also strikes us as something that shouldn’t require technology. Something only the truly pathetic would do with the aid of an app.
I’m reminded of the protagonist in the movie Her, resignedly writing other people’s love letters — a profession invented by Spike Jonze to show exactly how disconnected modern technology has made us. We’re fine outsourcing a range of personal labors to tech, from laundry to listening , but writing a letter is so easy, so uncomplicated, that it seems to fail some critical test. Whereas modern dating/mating is a logistical nightmare — where to meet people? how to gauge interest? how to wade through the cascade of unavailable, unattractive and otherwise ineligible candidates to find the needle-in-the-haystack for you? — finding a hug is pretty easy. (Unless you have no friends, no family, and no affectionate acquaintances … which brings us back to that core idea that only the socially destitute would rely on such an app.)
It would be nice if our society, and our brains, weren’t wired that way, of course. But while they are, Cuddlr simply isn’t going to see the type of adoption as, say, online dating sites or apps, which 2 in 5 American singles use. Williams is right: Despite the profound popularity of tech-mediated socialization, and the integration of geolocation into most aspects of our technological lives, it’s far more acceptable to use an app to find sex than it is to find just about any other “connection.” Even when the app states, explicitly, that it involves connection of a purely nonsexual kind.
Caveat cuddler: Despite our best efforts, it’s not exactly warm and fuzzy out there.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Imran Khan allowed to hold rally onSundayKhan along with fiery cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri's has been agitating outside the parliament building in Islamabad since August 14.
Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: September 24, 2014 10:09 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 10:16 pm
Pakistan’s Punjab government on Wednesday allowed Opposition leader Imran Khan to organise a rally of his party here on Sunday.
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) will not be refrained from holding a public gathering at Minar-e-Pakistan in Lahore after the party submitted an application to the district coordination officer seeking permission, Geo news quoted Punjab’s provincial Law Minister Rana Mashhood as saying.
PTI Chief and cricketer-turned-politician Khan had last Sunday held an anti-government protest rally in Karachi to renew his demand for Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to quit and fresh elections to end Pakistan’s political logjam that has paralysed the nation for over a month.
Khan along with fiery cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri’s Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) has been agitating outside the parliament building in Islamabad since August 14, demanding Sharif’s ouster.

Scientists hit new milestone in the search for water on planets outside our solar systemBy Rachel Feltman September 24 Follow @rachelfeltman
Scientists can determine atmospheric composition by seeing how a planet interacts with its star. (NASA/JPL-Caltech)
Seven hundred and twenty-nine trillion miles away, a planet four times bigger than our own has water in its atmosphere. Of course, the planet is a super hot bundle of gas surrounding a tiny rocky core,  so it's not as if that water would support life as we know it.
Exoplanet HAT P-11b is the smallest planet beyond our solar system to reveal the contents of its atmosphere. Until now, planets of this size have always been surrounded by too much cloud cover for space telescopes to see through — but HAT P-11b has clear skies, which scientists say is a sign that others will, too.
In a study published in this week's Nature , researchers report evidence that HAT P-11b's atmosphere contains water vapor. "We're talking about water at over 1,000 degrees, so this isn't a case for life on the planet," said Jonathan Fraine , a PhD candidate in astronomy at the University of Maryland and first author of the study. "This isn't a liquid ocean or breathable air. In fact, the planet is a gaseous object — there's no surface that liquid water could sit on."
But generally speaking, water is something that astronomers look for when they're trying to find life in space — so it's important that they know how to find it. When a planet travels in front of its star, it absorbs some of the light — and looks bigger. Astronomers calculate the changes in a planet's appeared size to see how much of the star's radiation is being absorbed, which can in turn be used to determine which molecules in the planet's atmosphere are blocking the light.
A planet with an atmosphere of thick clouds, left, and a planet with clear skies illustrated here. The cloudless horizon of the planet on the right allowed astronomers to take a peek at its atmosphere. (NASA/JPL-Caltech)
Astronomers have had better luck doing that with much larger planets (ones like our Jupiter), but smaller planets like HAT P-11b (which is about the same size as Neptune) have proved elusive.
Other objects of this size have all had clouds high in their atmosphere, which block out most of the light. "We can look at those and find some cool information, but not what we're looking for," Fraine said. "This is the first time we've seen a clear atmosphere on a Neptune-sized planet."
In fact, Neptune itself has too much cloud cover to observe with a space telescope. Because it's nearby, scientists were able to send the space probe Voyager 2 to take a peek for us. But outside of our solar system, astronomers are woefully dependent on a clear cosmic forecast.
"We need to find, like, 20 more of these [planets] before we're happy," Fraine said. Upcoming programs plan to use the Hubble Space Telescope to investigate about 50 similar exoplanets. "The great thing is that now we know that clouds aren't blocking all of the light on every single one of these planets," Fraine said.
Astronomers like Fraine and his colleagues hope that understanding exoplanet atmospheres will help us understand how planets form. "We want to figure out how unique or normal we are, as a planet," Fraine said. And as scientists are able to puzzle out smaller and smaller exoplanets, we'll get closer and closer to ones like our own.
The discovery nearly doubles the number of known planets outside our solar system, according to two new reports. Video courtesy of NASA's ScienceCasts. (NASA's ScienceCasts)
The European Space Agency and NASA released video of a deep sky Hubble Telescope survey called GOODS North. ESA says the zoomed in view shows "a very early stage where the dense galactic core is still furiously churning out newborn stars." (European Space Agency and NASA)

This strange fossil may show an early stage of animal lifeBy Rachel Feltman September 24 Follow @rachelfeltman
The specimen, about .7 mm across, is tricky to categorize. (Lei Chen and Shuhai Xiao)
In 1998, scientists found some strange fossils in southern China: The spherical clusters of cells, 600 million years old, seemed to be unlike anything alive today.
Since then, researchers have posed different theories on what sort of species this Megasphaera might have been — but many thought that the fossils showed an embryo of some early animal, or clusters of single-celled organisms like bacteria. New research published in Nature reviews new specimens of the same organism, and suggests that they might actually be early-stage animals or algae — multi-celled organisms that existed so early in our evolutionary past that no living descendants remain close enough for us to compare them to.
The smaller structure growing inside the fossil might indicate multicellularity. (Lei Chen and Shuhai Xiao)
Corresponding author Shuhai Xiao, professor of geobiology at Virginia Tech, said that he and his colleagues found evidence that the fossils contain more than one type of cell. "When you have a ball of cells, it keeps dividing and dividing to form more, but the ball doesn't grow — the cells get smaller and smaller," Xiao said. "In a multicellular organism, some types of cells will start to divide more rapidly at the expense of others. If some kinds of cells are growing much faster, others have to die."
Because Xiao and his colleagues saw evidence of this cell death, they believe the organisms must be multicellular —like plants and animals — even though they were much simpler than anything that lives today.
Whatever they were, the organisms lived in what was probably a very shallow, warm marine environment, not unlike our modern-day Bahamas, Xiao said.
"How these actually fit into the family tree of animals and other multicelled organisms is still a big question," Xiao said. "The bottom line is that we think we're looking at some of the early evolutionary steps towards complex multicellularity."
It's possible that these fossils show an early step of the development of algae, not animals. "It's very different from the stereotypical animal development, so it's hard to say," Xiao said. "They look alien to us."
 

Wall St. rebounds on robust housing dataWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Maharashtra polls: Smaller allies issue ultimatum to BJP  Shiv Sena on seat-sharing2
0
Mumbai: Seat-sharing troubles continue in Maharashtra where the smaller parties in the grand Shiv Sena-BJP Mahayuti alliance have issued an ultimatum.
They have rejected the Sena's offer of seven seats to them. The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana have threatened to release their list of candidates if the Sena and the BJP don't adjust the seat sharing by 11 am on Thursday.
The BJP has said it doesn't want the alliance to break.
Seat-sharing troubles continue in Maharashtra where the smaller parties in the grand Shiv Sena-BJP Mahayuti alliance have issued an ultimatum.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bjp #mahayuti
"We cannot think of contesting the Maharashtra elections without our small but strong alliance partners," BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
"We have to take them along. It is our firm commitment and there cannot be any understanding considering the demands of these small, strong and relianble alliance parties," he added.
0

Cabinet clears MoUs to be signed with US during PM Modi visitSep 24, 2014 at 10:42pm IST
Cabinet clears MoUs to be signed with US during PM Modi visit
3
0
New Delhi: The Union Cabinet on Wednesday gave its nod to signing of six MoUs in sectors including education, environment, gas and space science between India and the US ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to that country beginning on Thursday.
Briefing reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said that India favoured good relations with the US and the decisions taken on Wednesday are a pointer in this direction.
"The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister today gave its approval to the signing a Joint Declaration between the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) of India and the National Science Foundation (NSF) of the United States of America to initiate a new programme entitled Global Initiative of Academic Networks (GIAN) in Higher Education," a government
Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said that India favoured good relations with the US and the decisions taken on Wednesday are a pointer in this direction.
#india #us #tracking the modi government #cabinet
release said.
GIAN aims at tapping the talent pool of scientists and entrepreneurs to engage with the institutes of higher education in India to augment the country's existing academic resources, accelerate the pace of quality reforms and further strengthen India`s scientific and technological capabilities.
The proposed India-US Cooperation will be beneficial for adoption of newer methods of pedagogy, infuse creativity and innovation-driven learning and professional rigour at a relatively lower cost, boosting research in cutting edge technologies and to build stronger academic networks between the two countries.
The proposal envisages the creation of a channel for US academics in science, technology, engineering and mathematics to spend part of their time teaching in academic and research institutions across India.
In another decision, the Cabinet okayed signing of an MoU betweeen the two countries for cooperation in gas hydrates for a period of five years. Cooperation with the United States Department of Energy (USDOE) in the field of gas hydrates will facilitate active participation of the National Gas Hydrate Programme (NGHP) and DOE scientists in data collection, analysis and identification of sites for pilot production testing.
0

Assam flood toll rises to 32Sep 24, 2014 at 10:37pm IST
Assam flood toll rises to 32
40
0
Guwahati: Sixteen more bodies were recovered on Wednesday from two flood-hit districts of Assam, raising the toll in the deluge to 32, as Army and disaster response forces personnel evacuated hundreds of marooned people from affected areas.
A report by Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) said there has been no rain since on Tuesday in the state where 8.4 lakh people were affected in 13 districts. It said six bodies were recovered from Bolbola and Krishnai areas of Goalpara district.
Ten bodies were found in neighbouring Kamrup Rural district where four others are missing, Deputy Commissioner J Balaji said. The authorities have opened 162 relief camps where 1.5 lakh odd people were staying with Goalpara district, the worst-hit in the floods due to heavy rains in Assam, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh during the past 3-4 days.
A report by Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) said there has been no rain since on Tuesday in the state where 8.4 lakh people were affected in 13 districts.
#assam #assam flood #assam government #asdma
Personnel of the Army and disaster response forces of the state and the Centre were conducting rescue operations as 8.4 lakh people were affected in 712 villages of 13 districts while over one lakh hectares of crop area was under water, the ASDMA report said.
Several embankments have been breached and dozens of roads are damaged across the state. During the day, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh called up Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi to take stock of the flood situation and assured him of all assistance.
Gogoi deputed Agriculture Minister Nilamani Sen Deka and Forest Minister Rockybul Hussain to review the situation in Goalpara and coordinate relief and rescue operations, an official spokesperson said.
The ministers have announced an ex-gratia payment of Rs 3.5 lakh to the next of kin of those who died in the flood. The situation in Guwahati was improving slowly with waters receding from Anil Nagar, Nabin Nagar, Tarun Nagar, Rajgarh and Zoo Road areas, an official release said.
Flood waters from neighbouring Meghalaya have inundated Betkuchi, Bashistha Chariali, Katahbari and Gorchuk areas of the city along the National Highway 37. Traffic along National Highway 37 resumed but it moved very slowly as several parts are still submerged.
All educational institutions in the city were closed for the third consecutive day on Wednesday. Northeast Frontier Railway said that eight trains were cancelled and seven others scheduled for tomorrow diverted due to floods in lower Assam and track restoration work.
It would run two special trains between New Bongaigaon-Goalpara Town and Guwahati-Chaygaon from September 25 to September 30 to facilitate travel of flood-hit people. Goalpara, Kamrup Metro, Kamrup Rural, Dhubri, Dhemaji, Barpeta, Udalguri, Kokrajhar, Nalbari, Morigaon, Nagaon, Darrang and Lakhimpur have been badly damaged in the recent spate of floods.
1

Gujarat: Man slaps Muslim cleric who called Navratri a  festival of demons74
0
Anand: A Muslim cleric arrested for making controversial statements about the 'navratri' was on Wednesday slapped in Gujarat. The incident took place when the cleric Imam Mehadi Hasan was being taken to court after being arrested for allegedly hurting religious sentiments of a community by making a remark that navratri is "a festival of demons".
The man, identified as Rakesh, slapped and pushed Hasan just outside the court when police were taking the Imam to produce him before the judicial magistrate at Thasra in Kheda district. The man has been detained, he said. Hasan did not sustain any injury in the incident, police said.
Later, Principal Civil Judge PV Bhatt sent Hasan to 14 days' judicial custody as he stated that he would not hire an advocate to defend himself and also refused to seek bail.
The man slapped and pushed Hasan just outside the court when police were taking the Imam to produce him before the judicial magistrate.
#imam mehadi hasan #navratri #thasra #kheda
Hasan, a Gujarat-based cleric, had shot into limelight when he offered a skull cap to then Chief Minister Narendra Modi during his 2011 Sadbhavna fast. The cleric had recently sparked controversy as he reportedly termed the state's most popular festival 'Navratri' as "a festival of demons".
On September 20, in an interview to a local newspaper, Hasan was quoted as saying that Navratri is a "festival of demons". Vishwa Hindu Parishad had taken strong objection to Hasan's remarks and sought his arrest before the start of 'Navratri' festival, which begins on Thursday.
Based on the complaint filed by a VHP leader, the Gujarat police had on Tuesday arrested him from his residence in Rustampura village of Thasra taluka in Kheda and booked him under IPC section 295(A), which deals with deliberate act to outrage religious feelings of people by insulting their religion and beliefs. However, Hasan claimed his comments had been taken out of context.
(With PTI inputs)

Modi asks cola cos to blend aerated drinks with fruit juiceHi Guest
Modi asks cola cos to blend aerated drinks with fruit juice
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday said he has asked soft drink makers like Pepsi to try and mix aerated drinks with 5 per cent fruit juice to help distressed farmers find a new market for their produce. "We drink Pepsi, Coca-Cola and I do not know how many similar beverages are available in the market. The trade runs into billions of rupees. I have asked the companies if they can blend 5 per cent natural fruit juice in the beverages they make," Modi said after inaugurating the ...

Rel Power deal with JPVL offrel power deal with jpvl off
SC cancels 214 coal blocksSC cancels 214 coal blocks
Vodafone does a somersault  says Modi govt pro-businessVodafone does a somersault  says Modi govt pro-business
Ikea to set up shop in HyderabadIkea to set up shop in Hyderabad
AG on coal verdict: Cancellations consequence of illegalityAG on coal verdict: Cancellations consequence of illegality
JSW Energy on Cipla  target Rs 730E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Reliance Power walks out of Rs 10 000 cr hydro projects deal with Jaiprakash GroupReliance Power walks out of Rs 10,000 cr hydro projects deal with Jaiprakash Group
Subhash Narayan | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 24 2014, 22:06  IST
Sep 24 2014, 22:06  IST
 

Hindalco now entering consolidation phase: Kumar Mangalam BirlaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Now  health discount cards emerge as smart gifting options for corporatesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Open communication is Polaris  new offeringOpen communication is Polaris' new offering
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Sep 24, 2014 10:30 PM IST
You could call it the Facebook for businesses. By enabling better communication and flow of corporate information, an Enterprise Social Network (ESN) helps a company to engage with its employees. In the process, it also improves productivity. These, of course, are only a few of ESN's many advantages for businesses. Given that there is a growing trend in the corporate world to adopt ESN, it isn't surprising to find Chennai-based Polaris Financial Technology installing a software called Octopus in its operations. What is interesting, however, is that the company developed the solution itself and is now ready to join others like JIVE, Microsoft Yammer and IBM Connections in the estimated $6 billion ESN market.
Octopus, whose development was supported by Polaris' Founder-chairman Arun Jain, has been used by the company for nearly two years now. During this time, Polaris claims, productivity levels have gone up considerably and employee attrition levels have come down and the company has also managed to bring down the roll-out time of new products.
Octopus made it possible for Polaris, a company that provides financial technology products, modernisation services and consulting for banking establishments, to have an integrated approach in implementing workplace technologies. It has equipped Polaris with social connections to project teams, enhanced management-employee engagement and facilitated a unified approach to information dissemination.
The system is based on modular apps, and consists of several social applications uniquely woven using IBM's flagship social enterprise tool called Connections. The company chose to name the product Octopus in reference to the marine creature's arms that, in this case, represent the multiple touch points of corporate activity. Jain says that the trigger for developing the product was to improve the "productivity" of employees, to streamline structural issues and promote self governance in Polaris.
He says that businesses across the world have not kept pace with the changes that the world has seen in recent years, choosing to stick to corporate hierarchical systems, and importantly, neglecting to address employee needs. These needs, he explains, are social needs, knowledge needs, project needs and corporate responsibility.
It is to equip a company to handle these that ESN systems are important. Jain says with social connectors enabled by Octopus, the management stays engaged with employees while also ensuring there is a central oversight on projects, communication and documentation. Octopus thus enables tight teamwork and collaboration, and comes with the ability to disseminate information to the public, "social team rooms" and management, apart from tracking and maintaining information on projects, customer accounts and sales. The "social team room" feature helps a newly recruited team to get access to all information within a project, helping reduce ramp-up time and, most importantly, eliminating wastage of time.
For example, in Polaris there are about 10,000 employees and each employee generates around 100 mails a day, which means about a million mails in total. If a person takes 30 seconds to send an email, the total time spent on mailing is half a million minutes per day. With its new information dispersal system, Octopus eliminates the need for email and saves time. "If an employee spends about 5-6 hours on actual productivity, it is a good throughput," says Jain.
As for the self governance that is enabled by ESN, Jain explains that a human mind is well educated to consider the self-governing frame work. Too many business rules are unnecessary, he says. Octopus relegates the power of hierarchy to the power of knowledge.
Selling a tested system
Initially, Jain faced the challenge of making people open to the use of Octopus, especially at the mid-management level. Since the system promotes complete transparency, many employees, trained to approach their work in old school ways, were reluctant to accept the change. "Anybody can question anybody else in this system and it is all in the public domain," says Jain. In time, however, as people started adapting to the new set-up, it has yielded "fruitful" effects.
For instance, earlier, the time taken to develop a trade finance product was often 2-3 years. Polaris' latest product was developed in nine months. This way, the company would be able to service its customers quickly by coming up with the required new technologies in shorter time frames. Again, the time taken by a new employee to understand and fit in with a product development team earlier was typically around seven weeks. This has now come down to two weeks, representing a reduction of 75 per cent in the ramp-up time. The employee attrition level has also come down by 4 per cent after the implementation of Octopus, says Shashi Mohan, chief information officer and chief technology officer, Polaris.
Having tested Octopus rigorously, Polaris is now in the process of determining how to market this product among potential customers dealing with IT/ITeS, consulting, large construction projects and human resources. "We are talking to prospective customers and are in the final stages of discussions," says Mohan.
"With Octopus, Polaris has extended the workplace social collaboration solution to include project management activities," says Sunil Padmanabh, an independent advisor and thought leader on enterprise solutions strategy. "Sharing and accessing information in real time among geographically spread teams is key, and the Octopus solution seems to have addressed the need of embedding social collaboration in managing projects."
According to a forecast by MarketsandMarkets, a global market research and forecasting company based out of the United States, the enterprise social network software market is expected to grow from $4.8 billion in 2014 to $8.1 billion in 2019, a compound annual growth rate of 11.3 per cent.
It is this lucrative market that Polaris is now eyeing. It is believed to be test-piloting the product in the United States. However, it will primarily target the developing nations, says a source in the company. Octopus will be available on the cloud and on mobiles and tablets on the Apple iOS, Android and Blackberry platforms.
THE TENTACLES OF OCTOPUS
n According to Shashi Mohan, chief technology officer of Polaris, Octopus, its ESN tool, enables public, private and team-based collaboration and streamlines dissemination of information to masses and to "social team rooms", or team workspaces. It eases collaboration between teams and management. It also provides efficient storing and access to data, along with information related to projects, customers, and sales.
n Octopus also promotes collaboration among employees, while providing a continuous streaming notification system for all updates relevant to an employee, whether it is work-related updates from team rooms, public networking, organisation related, public discussions or global site-level updates.
n It has a 'private conversations' feature for confidential discussions.
n The system also introduces the FT credit incentive, in which an employee is given a rating by another employee or employees who benefit from his or her help in addressing their problem. This, in turn, is connected to the HR appraisal, as well as to other rewards like gift vouchers and redeemable points. "This creates synergy and a collaborative eco-system among employees," says Mohan.

IMImobile secures BBC contractIMImobile secures BBC contract
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 24, 2014 08:49 PM IST
Hyderabad-based software and services provider IMImobile has secured the contract for providing mobile and social messaging services to help the BBC streamline the audience engagement process across mobile and social channels. The partnership commenced in July 2014, after an official supplier selection process.
BBC will be using IMImobile’s DaVinci Social platform across radio, television and live events, enabling production teams to seamlessly manage inbound and outbound audience interactions across SMS, MMS, email, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
DaVinci Social is a tool specifically developed to enable broadcasters to manage and respond to audience interaction across multiple channels, monitor citizen journalism and integrate contextual audience feedback into live programming.
“DaVinci Social fulfils the BBC’s requirements for being a universal tool for the monitoring and management of audience interaction across multiple channels,” chief executive at IMImobile, Jay Patel, stated in a press release here on Wednesday.
"Throughout the bid, IMImobile was able to successfully demonstrate that the DaVinci Social platform meets our high demands and criteria for centralising all audience interactions across our radio, TV and live event programming. The platform enables the BBC to respond to the change in audience behaviour and integrate mobile and social audience interactions into the broadcasting experience", head of interactive technical advice & contracts unit at BBC,Claire McLaughlin, said.

Microsoft to launch low-cost phones with Opera browser early next yearMicrosoft to launch low-cost phones with Opera browser early next year
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 24, 2014 08:45 PM IST
Microsoft is expected to roll out low and mid-market mobile phones - which it inherited through the acquisition of Nokia's handset business in April - with Opera Mini as the default browser early next year.
"They (Microsoft) have their own product lineup. However, we expect those phones to be available globally by early next year," Sunil Kamath, vice president (south Asia), Opera Software, told mediapersons here on Wednesday.
Opera Software, an Oslo (Norway)-listed web browser development company, is coveted for its advanced mobile phone software technology. Opera Mini, its mobile browser, works on nearly any phone and compresses data by almost 90 per cent. Stating that Opera Mini has over 250 million users globally and counting, Kamath said India was home to the largest population of Opera Mini users in the world.
"Going by the August 2014 statistics, the Opera Mini user base in India increased by 25 per cent over the past year, while the smartphone user base surged by 120 per cent. Smartphone users now account for 47 per cent of all Opera Mini users," he said.
According to Kamath, leading the pack of smartphone users was Android user base, which grew 160 per cent. Android users now form 44 per cent of the Opera Mini user base, from last year's 21 per cent.
Celkon's Campus Nova A352E
Celkon, a Hyderabad-based mobile phone manufacturer, today announced Campus Nova A352E with pre-installed Opera Mini browser, which it claims to be the world' most affordable 'true' smartphone.
Campus A352E, which works on Android Jelly Bean operating system, comes with a 3.5-inch touch display, 1 Ghz processor, 2-MP camera with expandable memory of up to 32 GB. The handset is priced at Rs 2,000.
"We have tied up with Snapdeal to exclusively sell Campus Nova A352E. The phone will be available online from Dussera and at offline stores pan-India from Diwali. Our initial target is to sell 100, 000 units," said Murali Retineni, executive director of Celkon.
Celkon is the 17th Indian OEM brand, and 22nd in Asia that Opera has partnered.

Sofia Vergara s Emmy turn spins message into sexismChicago Tribune philrosenthal @chicagotribune.com
phil_rosenthal RT @buzzinchicago: Uber tests limits with reputation that it stops at nothing: Uber is in the business of helping people get to places… htt…
Sofia Vergara
MARIO ANZUONI / REUTERS
The Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Chairman Bruce Rosenblum speaks as actress Sofia Vergara, from "Modern Family," slowly spins on a turntable during the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles on Monday.
The Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Chairman Bruce Rosenblum speaks as actress Sofia Vergara, from "Modern Family," slowly spins on a turntable during the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles on Monday. (MARIO ANZUONI / REUTERS)
Sofia Vergara's Emmy turn: The words suggested evolved thinking, the visual screamed something else.
Vergara on Emmy controversy: Lighten up a little bit, will ya?
Irony, like sarcasm, doesn’t always translate to a mass audience.
So way to go, TV industry! Great work! Can’t think of a better way to show how progressive television is than to showcase Sofia Vergara like a new Buick at the auto show!
“Our academy is more diverse than ever before, both in front of and behind the camera, resulting in a greater diversity of storytelling,” Bruce Rosenblum, head of the 19,000-member Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, said during Monday night’s Emmy Awards telecast.
Sofia Vergara defends her 'sexist' Emmys skit
Sofia Vergara defends her 'sexist' skit during the 2014 Emmy awards.
Sofia Vergara defends her 'sexist' skit during the 2014 Emmy awards.
See more videos
And apparently the perfect image to accompany that message of inclusiveness and how it’s been a catalyst for quality — a message that needs to be heard in a world where women and minorities are still fighting for greater roles and representation — was to put Vergara of perennial Emmy favorite “Modern Family” on a turntable pedestal next to Rosenblum.
Sexism is dead. Long live sexism.
Clearly, Rosenblum and the Emmy producers were trying to have a little fun.

Milk supplier Fonterra in China tie-upMilk supplier Fonterra moves to broaden China footprint
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney and Patrick McGee in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7564c3ee-2dc9-11e4-8346-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Corporates sign up for Make in India campaignHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Corporates sign up for ‘Make in India’ campaign
Amiti Sen
Tweet
New Delhi, September 22:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has reached out to corporate honchos to promote his ‘Make in India’ campaign. Mukesh Ambani, Cyrus Mistry and Maruti Suzuki’s Kenichi Ayukawa are among the 500 who have so far confirmed their attendance at the launch of the campaign on September 25.
The ‘Make in India’ campaign is a drive to promote the country as an investor-friendly destination and increase manufacturing growth to 10 per cent annually.
Other corporate heads who have confirmed their presence include: CK Birla (CK Birla Group), Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw (Biocon), Nikhil Nanda (Escorts), KM Mammen (MRF), CS Verma (SAIL), Shashi Ruia (Essar), Harshpati Singhania (JK Paper), Ajay Shriram (DCM Shriram) and Sanjay Lalbhai (from Arvind and Lalbhai Group).
“We expect many more to do so in the next two days,” a Government official told BusinessLine.
More than 1,200 invitations for the inaugural ceremony have been sent by the Government to CEOs from India and abroad, heads of various Embassies and Missions and Principal Secretaries and other senior officials from all States, the official said.
While the previous UPA Government, too, had stressed on the need to boost manufacturing and set a target of increasing its share in GDP to 25 per cent from 16 per cent in a decade, Modi plans to do it in a well-structured way.
The DIPP (Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion) has identified 3,000 companies from 30 countries spread across 10 sectors which it would target for greater investments through sustained dialogue as part of the campaign.
More responsive
The Government has also decided to be more responsive and friendly as far as its interface with potential investors is considered and plans to address all queries and concerns systematically through a three-layer process.
Simple queries will be answered through the automatic answering process already in place. The more complex ones will be handled by a team of eight experts put in place by the DIPP, which includes economists and legal experts.
Questions that require fine interpretation of policy will be tackled by nodal officials of the ministries and departments concerned, and the more elaborate ones will be handled by the DIPP Secretary.
The campaign will also focus on de-licensing and deregulating both at the Central and State levels. “The DIPP is holding talks with States on how they can smoothen things at their end,” the official pointed out.
There will be a “vigorous” digital campaign undertaken by the DIPP to advertise the efforts to attract more investments.
However, officials admit, that achieving a growth rate over 10 per cent for manufacturing is an ambitious target, especially with the sector not doing well at present. “The target is ambitious but we do not have an alternative. Manufacturing has to grow fast for our economy to do well,” the official said.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Guess Whos Leading on Paid Leave (Hint: Not Us)reddit
Earlier this month, I was in Melbourne, Australia representing our government at a meeting of Labor Ministers of the world's 20 major economies.
After sitting down with my G20 counterparts and learning more about their policies relating to work and workplaces, my main takeaway is that the United States is distressingly behind the curve on paid family leave .
It's incomprehensible to me that we're the only industrialized nation without a national paid leave law of any kind. How can we say we're for family values when so many women in the United States have to jeopardize their livelihood to take a few weeks off from work after giving birth? Should a man have to sacrifice his economic security to take care of his sick mother or his wife returning wounded from active duty?
Our global partners have figured this out, building a solid consensus around these issues. They've taken partisanship and ideology out of the debate to recognize this for what it is -- a 21st-century economic imperative. They've discovered that paid leave, child care and similar policies increase our human capital by bringing more women into the labor force. They know it's possible to have a growing economy, thriving businesses and family-friendly workplaces. They've realized we have to give people the tools to be productive employees and attentive parents -- the two aren't mutually exclusive, they go hand-in-hand.
Consider these examples:
Canada guarantees at least 15 weeks of paid maternity leave, with some employee cost-sharing as part of the national employment insurance system. Parental leave is 37 weeks shared between both parents with similar payments. There is also child care support of $100 per month for children under six.
The United Kingdom allows women to take up to 52 weeks of maternity leave (including 39 weeks with pay), in addition to a range of options for paternity leave.
Australia offers up to 18 weeks of parental leave with financial support, and at 5.8 percent its unemployment rate is lower than ours. The conservative Australian government didn't embrace this policy grudgingly; they made it a centerpiece of their campaign platform and want to extend it to 26 weeks with more financial support.
Brazilian unemployment is comparable to ours, but their women get 120 days of leave at 100 percent pay.
Japan offers paid maternity leave at slightly reduced salary and benefits for up to 14 weeks of total leave. Moreover, Prime Minister Abe has made "Womenomics" -- increasing GDP by boosting female labor force participation -- a cornerstone of his governing agenda.
So, where does that leave us? While the rest of the world leans in, we're still falling behind.
Unfortunately, there isn't much appetite in this Congress for forward progress on these issues. But instead of waiting for leadership from Capitol Hill, we're incentivizing reforms at the state level where so much public policy innovation takes place. Later this week, I'll announce the winners of $500,000 in total grants for states to explore the feasibility and evaluate the effectiveness of paid leave policies. Currently, California , Rhode Island and New Jersey stand alone as states with paid family and medical leave laws.
Our pressing challenge right now is to ensure shared prosperity, to build an economy that works for everyone. That means investing in the middle class, rewarding hard work and responsibility, ensuring that everyone has a chance to succeed. Paid leave has to be at the center of those efforts.
Follow Thomas E. Perez on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LaborSec
More:

EL DEAFO: With her first (and so funny) graphic novel  deaf Va. artist CECE BELL hopes her tale will help othersBy Michael Cavna September 23 Follow @comicriffs
 
IT IS A STORY Cece Bell knew she wanted to tell, and believed it was something she should share. But it took decades of discovery and experience, and then artistic growth and parenthood, to get to a place where she was ready to put it to paper.
At age 4, Bell suffered a brief bout with meningitis that left her “severely to profoundly deaf.” Soon she was wearing hearing aids, and a large Phonic Ear across her chest. As her life, too, began to change profoundly, she created an alter-ego – El Deafo! – who, amid a child’s sense of vulnerability and uncertainty, was determined to feel empowered by her being “different.”
Now, at age 43, Bell has introduced her superheroic self to the world in her emotionally truthful graphic-novel debut — titled, naturally, “El Deafo” (Amulet). As memoir, it is a work that demanded its own journey.
“I think the story was easier to tell, since I knew the material inside and out, and I’ve pretty much spent my whole life trying to make sense of some of the things that happened to me,” Bell tells The Post’s Comic Riffs (ahead of her appearance Wednesday morning at Washington’s Politics & Prose bookstore, and tomorrow afternoon at One More Page Books in Arlington, Va.) . “But the [five-year] execution of the book was probably the hardest project I’ve ever taken on in my life.
“I’ve said it so many times my throat hurts: I don’t see how the graphic novelists in this world make more than one of these things in one lifetime!”
Bell was born in Richmond, and “El Deafo” recounts her childhood growing up near Roanoke. Her Virginia roots run through her work in many ways, including the very illustration itself. She created the inviting art of “El Deafo” with Eisner-winning colorist David Lasky, whom she and her husband met while attending the College of William & Mary.
Comic Riffs caught up with Bell – who now lives in southwest Virginia with her family, including her husband, children’s writer Tom Angleberger – to talk about the challenges of writing a memoir; mining emotional truths over factual truths; and how “El Deafo” has been received by other people who are deaf. (This interview was conducted by e-mail.)
Interior art from “El Deafo.” (courtesy of Amulet Books)
 
MICHAEL CAVNA: Congratulations on a beautiful and utterly engaging book, Cece. Did you find this personal story easier to tell because you’re looking back and drawing upon your memories, or did that make it more challenging? And how long you did spend writing the book?
CECE BELL: Thanks so much for your generous words about the book, Michael. I think the story was easier to tell, since I knew the material inside and out, and I’ve pretty much spent my whole life trying to make sense of some of the things that happened to me. But the execution of the book was probably the hardest project I’ve ever taken on in my life. I’ve said it so many times my throat hurts: I don’t see how the graphic novelists in this world make more than one of these things in one lifetime! All told, it took about five years to do, but I was completing other projects during that time [the early reader "Rabbit and Robot: The Sleepover," and illustrations for the picture book "Crankee Doodle" ]. The last two years of that five-year period, I was solely focused on “El Deafo.”
MC: One thing I find especially winning about the story is our hero Cece’s resilience throughout each setback great and small. No matter what befalls her, whether illness or accident or a lost friendship, she’s not Pollyanna-ish, but she’s not distraught or depressed, either — and it rings as real. Could you talk a bit about her outlook — and did that mirror yours?
CB: I was a very positive kid, and I’m now a positive adult. So yes, “Book Cece’s” outlook very much mirrored mine. I enjoyed, and still enjoy, challenging myself—hence the part in the book where I say: “I’m gonna show those kids that I’m not just ‘the deaf kid’ in our class—I’m the smartest kid in the whole school!” That wasn’t true, of course—I’m pretty sure this kid named Henry was knocking me out of the park every day. But anyway, that kind of attitude really helped me stay positive, and on track. That, and having a loving home to return to each day, kept me feeling a-OK.
MC: Related to that, Raina Telgemeier — in the same SPX session this month that she proclaimed herself a fan of yours — said she aims for emotional truth first, over literal truth, when writing her childhood-based memoirs [“Smile” and “Sisters”]. From your author’s note, I gather you believe similarly. Could you speak to how you approach such narrative choices when writing from your life, and how you weigh such decisions about emotion and fact?
CB: I’m totally with Raina on this one. I was more interested in showing readers how it felt to be the only deaf kid in the whole school, and what it sounded like, too. I also wanted to tell an entertaining story, and if I had presented my life’s events in the exact order in which they had literally occurred, you’d be asleep by Page 21, I think. I looked back at my life, chose the big moments and then rearranged them a bit. I chose the main people, and smushed them together a bit. The moments and the people in the book are capital-“T” true—they really did happen, they really did exist. The big moments in the book are the ones that are most literally true — for example, I really did kick my mother because I was upset about the sign-language classes she was encouraging me to take.
There are some small moments that are literally true, too. But sometimes, I had to come up with some small moments to tie those big moments together. For example, the conversation with my mother about not wanting to take the sign-language class—I’m sure something like that really took place, but I don’t remember what was said, or whether or not we were in the kitchen. You end up smushing all this together and – voila! – [you have] a better and more feeling story than if you had just plotted it out literally.
Interior page from “El Deafo” (courtesy of Amulet Books).
 
MC: You say that some of your “El Deafo” characters are composites of real people. Before you published this book, did you show it to anyone who inspired any of your characters? And have you heard from any real-life inspirations since the book’s publication?
CB: I didn’t show it to anyone featured in the book before the book got published. I did ask the people whose names I kept as-is in the book if I could use their names, though. Part of me wanted to show the featured players some stuff beforehand, but a larger part of me thought that if I did, and someone became upset, I would probably change the book, and it would no longer be as honest.
So…I’ve heard from Martha, and she loves it. I’ve heard from some of the teachers, too, and they’re cool with it. Even the one who I show using the bathroom—I did change her name to protect her privacy! I heard from Mike Miller [my crush in the book] that he received the copy I sent him, but I haven’t heard from him since! Uh-oh. But I haven’t heard from other people who may recognize themselves—yet. I’m pretty nervous about that day, if it should come. I know I wasn’t always fair. That’s what the afterword is for: to stress the fact that the book is most definitely the irrational-kid version of Cece [who is] telling the story.
MC: Speaking of realism, I’m so curious to know: The superhero themes and metaphors are so wonderful and help endear us to little Cece and her youthful bravery and sense of distanced identity from her classmates. Is “El Deafo” actually a name, if not playful alter-ego, you came up with in grade school. And if so, did it help?
CB: It really was a nickname I had for myself. I don’t think I shared it with anyone, though, at least not in my younger years. I didn’t actually see that “Afterschool Special” where the one kid calls the deaf kid “Deafo”; someone told me about it and I thought it was funny at first. Then it made me mad. Then I thought: The hell with it, I’ll call myself that so if anyone says it to me, I’ll be ready! It did help.
 
MC: Were there ever darker moments, or deeper rejections, or harsher wounds in your childhood, related to your deafness, that you chose not to depict in “El Deafo”? And if so, what was your thinking — and could you share an example or two?
CB: My darker moments came later, in sixth grade and beyond. I think these moments had more to do with my being a very late bloomer [we're talking super-late onset of puberty] than with my deafness. There’s a book there, too, probably! I was so far behind the other girls that I found it hard to maintain certain friendships that had been meaningful to me, because the other girls were interested in boys and makeup and other grown-up things, while I was still reading Richard Scarry in my free time. That served me well later, though! But I never did get much, if any, teasing or bullying related to my deafness. Most of the teasing I received was because I was short!
MC: Speaking of the art and deafness, I applaud the decision to give these anthropomorphic characters their rabbit ears — all the better to show the plugs and cords that run to her/your Phonic Ear. Can you tell us some about how you created their characters visually? They have such warm features [that they’re] as appealing as [TV’s animated] “Arthur.”
CB: When I presented my first version of the book to my editor at Abrams, she said that the characters looked too “picture book-y”—too young. I’ve mostly done picture books and had never done a book for this age group before, so yeah, they did look kind of picture book-y. She asked me to age them up, so I tweaked a few things—but obviously the characters still have a little picture-book in them, so perhaps that’s what kept them sweet-looking. Any time I try to draw something dark, it is so not me that I throw it away. Write what you know; draw how you feel! I’m just not a dark person, and the times I’ve had to do darker freelance projects, I usually ended up crying in my big pillow at night.
MC: [Given the book’s] pop-culture references, I gather you’re in your 40s. Is this a story you wanted to wait awhile to tell — and if so, how did you know the time was right to tell it now?
CB: A lady never reveals her age. But I’m no lady! Yep, I’m 43. Good call! Well, for years and years, I said: “I’m never gonna tell this story.” I’m not sure what happened, other than finally coming to the conclusions that: a.) it’s a great story; and b.) I might help a lot of people if I tell it. I’ve struggled for years with the question: Are my books really helping anyone? Am I being selfish for sitting on my butt and writing and drawing and doing the stuff I love? Do I even have a right to complain about the work when it gets hard?
I hope that this book will help someone, anyone. I do know that the book is better for my having waited to write it, in large part because I’m a parent now, and I think the version of my mother in the book is a lot closer to real than it would have been if I had written the book before motherhood. Plus, I needed to get to a point where I was ready to tell the world without hesitation: I AM DEAF. That’s taken a long time.
MC: So what kind of feedback are you getting from deaf students and their parents, as well as other people who use hearing aids, or ASL? Are they relating to it?
Author Cece Bell as a child, wearing her hearing aids. (courtesy of Amulet Books)
CB: I’ve heard more from folks who were/are more like me [using an audio trainer in the classroom as kids] and their parents; I haven’t heard much feedback from folks who communicate primarily through ASL. I’ve also heard from a lot of parents and teachers, too. Those who have written have really related to a lot of the book, and have been able to acknowledge [thankfully] that every deaf experience is different. I try to stress this in the afterword—there’s a spectrum of deafness, and no deaf person’s deafness or approach to his or her deafness is going to be the same, and that’s cool. And interestingly, I’ve heard from kids and parents whose kids have other types of disabilities, and even from folks without significant disabilities, saying that the story resonates with them, too—that it feels kind of universal, or universal in terms of the suburban American experience, that is. That is really cool.
MC: On the matter of art, what was it like working with colorist David Lasky [co-author of “The Carter Family: Don’t Forget This Song” ]? What was your process [in] working together?
CB: David Lasky is the bomb. … David and I went to [the College of] William & Mary together. He was the graphics editor at the Flat Hat, the college newspaper where my husband, Tom Angleberger, and I met. He was a mentor to us then, and I’m still in awe of him now. He’s been in the comics business forever and is amazing.
What happened was: I had a different colorist lined up, but that person soon realized that he had overextended himself and had to back out. I asked David if he knew anyone who could help me, and he said: “I’ll color it!” Just like that. I think I fainted from the combination of relief and excitement. David was terrific to work with. I sent David a packet of stuff that I liked [in terms of color and shading]—he did the shading, too, because, let’s face it, I’m no good at shading. I also sent him lots and lots of my reference photos to help guide him in color choices. I sent him my linework [all done on the computer] as I completed it, and he colored and shaded it, and sent it back. I fine-tuned what he did, and then we turned it in to Abrams. It was grueling for David—for both of us, I think—but he was such a good sport and so much fun to work with.
MC: So, what are you working on now, or next – [what’s on your drawing board or screen]? Anything you care to share a few details about?
CB: There’s a picture book coming out in early 2015 from Clarion Books which has no redeeming value except that it’s hilarious. Well, I think it’s hilarious. And part of what makes it funny is that it is the exact opposite of “El Deafo” in every way possible. It’s called “I Yam a Donkey,” and the premise is: A donkey and a yam get into a big argument about grammar. There ya go. In some ways, it’s closer to how I actually am as a person today: playing for the yuk-yuks, not worrying about the deafness so much.
I’m also working on a picture book for Candlewick Press, as well as a second Rabbit & Robot book, a fourth Sock Monkey book, illustrations for a series of early-readers by [husband] Tom, and a comic for the second Comics Squad compilation edited by the amazing Jarrett Krosoczka and Jenni Holm. A fuller plate than I think I can eat. Good grief.
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

A Few Things the Fed Has Done Wrongreddit
For very good reasons I have changed one word in the title of an editorial in the Wall Street Journal (August 21, 2014) by John Cochrane , a professor of finance at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution. The Janet Yellen Federal Reserve, the central bank of the United States, has continued to build a $2.7 trillion monetary time bomb and Cochrane admires that policy.
One month after the Wall Street's September 2008 financial collapse, which spread worldwide, the Ben Bernanke Fed began to pay private banks interest on their reserves, including their  excess reserves the banks are not required to hold.
The private banks held near zero ($1.6 billion) excess reserves in August 2008 compared to $2.7 trillion they hold now (September 4, 2014). Those excess reserves are now 83.2% of all the $3.2  trillion of currency plus bank reserves that the Bernanke and Yellen Feds have pumped into the economy since August 2008.
The Fed policy gives the private banks an incentive to hold excess reserves instead of making loans to businesses and consumers. An excellent economist at the St. Louis Federal Reserve wrote in its March\April 2009 publication:
"...first, for the individual bank, the risk-free rate of ¼ percent [from the Fed] must be the bank's perception of its best investment opportunity."
Cochrane describes a policy that Yellen, Bernanke and some other Fed officials may also favor:
"When it is time to raise interest rates, the Fed will simply raise the interest it pays on reserves. It does not need to soak up those trillions of dollars of reserves by selling trillions of dollars of assets."
With $2.7 trillion in excess reserves at private banks, a rise to 1 percent would require $37  billion to be paid to private banks each year on their excess reserves. A rise to 3 percent would increase the payment to $81 billion.
Where will the billions of dollars of interest go? My teacher at the University of Chicago, Milton Friedman, who died in 2006, wanted interest to be paid on private bank reserves so that competition between banks would result in the interest being passed through to depositors. That result is unlikely to happen today since the concentration of most assets and deposits are now in a few large banks that do not need to pass most of the interest payments to domestic deposit accounts. These banks are so large they attract deposits because they are too big for the government to allow them to fail.
Cochrane also writes that:
"...banks don't care if they hold another dollar of interest-paying reserves or another dollar of Treasury securities. They are perfect substitutes at the margin."
Does that mean the bankers do not know the difference between obtaining $1 interest from U.S. Treasury securities that could decline in value instead of obtaining $1 interest from the Federal Reserve, without gambling on the value of Treasury securities? If so, they would fail in banking classes, especially since Bernanke said as early as July 21, 2009 that the Fed my increase interest payments on reserves.
Making the banks safer by paying them to hold $2.7 trillion excess reserves reduces their ability to act as an essential intermediary between the money from their depositors, excluding required reserves, and the banks' purchase of income earning assets, such as loans to businesses and consumers. This financial intermediation in more advanced economies is one basis for increasing  the production of goods and services and stimulating new innovative businesses.
Holding 83.2% of all the money the Fed pumped into the economy since 2008 as idle excess reserves is similar to the Fed's destructive policy of raising reserve requirements in 1937 as the country began to pull out of a terrible depression. The Fed policy sent the country back into the depression with massive unemployment.
The Bernanke and Yellen Feds have built a $2.7 monetary time bomb that should not be allowed to explode rapidly. The Fed should sell longer-term Treasury bonds to the public as the Fed  reduces the interest they pay on the $2.7 monetary trillion time bomb. The monetary time bomb would be dissipated slowly and the money supply would not rapidly increase. Allowing the monetary time bomb to explode would flood the economy with money leading to rapid inflation and economic chaos.
The Federal Reserve policy of paying banks to hold $2.7 trillion of excess reserves, they are not required to hold, is an incentive for banks to reduce loans to business, consumers and other income earning assets. This Fed's policy that began in October 2008 reduces employment and the production of goods and services for the people of the United States.
Follow Robert Auerbach on Twitter: www.twitter.com/prof2718
More:

Ask Your Employees These 4 Simple Questions to Elicit Productive Feedbackreddit
As an entrepreneur or executive, you often get caught up in the "bigger picture" and the intricacies of your leadership role. But by doing so, it is possible to become disconnected from the day-to-day operations of your business, particularly your impact on employees, customers and suppliers.
When you are only thinking about this broad view, you may notice a downturn in sales, more customer complaints, or employee productivity taking a dive. You may begin to question the way in which you lead the organization, spending many long, exasperating hours trying to determine why your business is not moving in the right direction. That is when the "human-side" of the operation -- the satisfaction of employees, customers and others who interact with the company -- is negatively impacted.
It's at this point that you'd better start asking questions.
To improve employee engagement and make positive changes in the workplace, leaders should be asking employees for their honest opinion about what is working -- or not working -- in the organization. If handled properly, the results can yield feedback that may enable you to bolster morale, streamline systems and increase customer satisfaction.  It may even help you to become a better leader.
To get employees talking, you don't need to have them fill out a huge questionnaire. Instead start with these four simple questions.
1. What are we doing when operating at our best? The goal here is to extract out best practices. The answers you receive will also speak to the culture of the organization and will allow you to leverage those best practices in your marketing collateral as well as when recruiting employees.
2. What are you hearing customers say about our business? The objective of this inquiry is to capture -- directly from the front line -- what customers or clients are saying. Look carefully for emerging patterns. For example, if several employees indicate that customers complain about the length of time that it takes for someone to answer the phone or the length of time that a customer was put on hold when calling, then you know you are on to something.  Once these patterns are established, you will have a better idea of how to implement changes to systems, processes and policies, in order to deal with these criticisms.
3. If you were in my shoes and could make all the decisions, what would you do and why? The purpose of this question is three-fold. First, it engages the employee and demonstrates that management cares about what they think. Second, it puts part of the responsibility on the employee to think more like a leader and put themselves in your shoes. Not only does this instigate creative thought, but it also generates empathy for the responsibilities of company leadership. Most importantly, since the employee is closest to the customer, they will be able to suggest clearly-defined opportunities for improvement.
4. What is the "one essential thing" I need to know in order to make this business a success? This question gets to the heart of how your organization's time, resources and initiative should be directed in order to prosper. Once again, look for patterns and, if possible, further validate those findings through customer surveys or focus groups.
Be aware that some associates may be fearful of backlash and not be willing to tell it like it is. To avoid this response, meet in small groups, one-on-one (or even allow anonymity) during the process. Determine what works best for your company and don't forget to show appreciation for the feedback you receive. Recognize that you may be inclined to disagree or provide an explanation for some of your employee's reactions -- so try to keep an open mind.
This exercise achieves multiple benefits. You acquire worthwhile data and, at the same time, the employee will feel that they are recognized, heard and respected.
Take your employee's feedback and work with it. Build a supportive environment that promotes creativity. Get clear about the relationships between associates, suppliers and customers. Keep it positive and let your employees know that you are receptive to new ideas. Finally, do a little soul searching on your own contribution. Use your insight and focused attention to instil confidence and commitment in your employees that will support them in their efforts to do their very best for your organization.
The original version of this article first appeared on Entrepreneur.com Copyright 2014 by Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Follow Susan Steinbrecher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SteinbrecherInc
More:

Should Hugging be Part of Your Corporate Culturereddit
My father died in a car accident when I was  two years old. Being the only child in my little family, I grew up in a rather feminine environment. I had a fantastic mother and a great aunt, who both taught me what I needed to learn. About life, love, and hugs. In my world hugging was a natural part of my everyday life, an expression for trust, gratitude, and care.
There are many benefits of hugging. Research shows that hugging is extremely effective at healing sickness, disease, loneliness, depression, and stress. It also encourage understanding and empathy between people, resulting in improved synergy.
It seems to be a correlation between hugs and a successful career, a correlation that for many people is obvious. We know that hugs increase oxytocin, lower blood pressure, and decrease cortisol. This is extremely important for us in order to live a good and healthy life. Which in turn affect our career in a positive way. A healthy body, a healthy mind, and healthy relationship all contribute to overall career success.
However, it might also be problematic, because there are people who can't stand or even loathe hugging. They feel that hugging does not respect their personal space, and for sure has nothing to do in the workplace. Actually there are groups promoting to ban hugging from the workplace, something that seems quite radical for both people and workplaces where hugging is a natural part of the culture.
Dr. David Holmes, a scientist in charge of a study at Manchester Metropolitan University, concluded that in some cultures: "Political correctness is partly to blame as we have been conditioned not to touch anyone anymore as it can easily be deemed inappropriate." But as human beings, we need body contact. The study at Manchester Metropolitan University concluded that as many as one third of the participants never was touched on a daily basis, but that more than three fourths of the people involved responded that they would really appreciate being hugged more than they already did.
Personally I have always been a hugger, both at work and in private life. In the earlier years of my career, my hugs sometimes came as a surprise to colleagues or business relations. But the outcome has always been positive. However, I respect that not all people are huggers. I am always cautious about reading the situation, and ensure there is a common understanding that a hug is OK -- before we hug.
I am happy to see that during the last couple of years hugging seems to become a natural part of business behavior. Especially in Scandinavia. Also the appearance of hugging between male co-workers or friends is increasing. In particular, we see that many of the younger, modern, and more open leaders initiate a hug after we´ve been working on important matters. Both men and women. These leaders seem to be more at ease with themselves and in contact with their own feeling.
Virginia Satir, a respected family therapist once said, "We need four hugs a day for survival. We need eight hugs a day for maintenance and we need twelve hugs a day for growth." Something to think about?
We should not take hugging for granted, as Dr. David Holmes says "these days we are just too busy to hug." It is totally up to you, and if you like hugs, hugging might grow your personality, improve your relationships and your career. Go for it!
Questions to reflect upon:
How many hugs a day do get? How many do you want?
And how many are you giving?
Have you ever experienced any awkward situations while hugging? Or, surprisingly positive situations?
Copywrite image 1: Geir Dokken/KK
Copywrite image 2: Brainwells
Follow Kristine Maudal & Even Fossen (Brainwells) on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brainwells
More:

India becomes the first country to send Mars Orbiter in first attemptPrint
Scientists described the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. (Source: ISRO)
Written by Johnson T A | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:08 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 12:34 pm
The Indian Space Research Organisation’s Mars Orbiter Spacecraft successfully entered the orbit of Mars on Wednesday morning after a liquid motor engine fired effectively for a little over 24 minutes to impart a little over the required velocity of 1098 metres per second at 1099 metres per sec.
The $ 71 million mission, one of the cheapest undertaken by any space faring nation, puts ISRO among an elite league of three other space agencies to undertake a successful voyage to the Red Planet. The successful entry of the MOS into the orbit of Mars (further data is still awaited on the exact orbit achieved) makes India the first country to make it to Mars on its first attempt.
(Source: ISRO)
The Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was intended to be placed in an elliptical orbit spanning 423 km X 80,000 km around Mars. The US space agency NASA which has 16 successful Mars mission to its credit placed its Maven spacecraft in 150 km X 6250 km orbit around Mars exactly two days ago.
The successful mission of the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in attendance was greeted by cheers by scientists at ISRO’s mission operations centre 2 and was followed by the distribution of sweets.
“If our national cricket team wins a tournament the whole country celebrates. What our scientists have done is far greater,’’ Prime Minister Narendra Modi said following the success.
The Indian prime minister who appreciated the low cost nature of the project – costing less than the $ 100 million Hollywood movie Gravity – called on the scientists to continue to push their boundaries.  He said ISRO had carried out the MOS mission within three years of a feasibility study.
The Mars Orbit Insertion maneuver on Wednesday went to plan for ISRO with the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft triggering pre-loaded commands on the dot as prescribed by the pre-determined schedule. There were loud cheers in mission control when the liquid engine started firing at 7.17 AM and information was received in this regard at the earth stations at 7.30 AM.
The biggest cheers in mission control however emerged at 8.10 AM when first information came in from the spacecraft to indicate that the orbit insertion had gone to plan with the engine imparting the required thrust of 1098 metres/second during its 24 minute burst.
With Mars eclipsing the MOS for a period of nearly continued…

Fonterra  glass half-full© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/599af946-b48c-11e3-a09a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet announces additional flights to Gulf  Southeast AsiaNew Delhi, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 18:18 IST
Jet announces additional flights to Gulf, Southeast Asia
PTI
The Hindu Jet airways also plans to introduce a third daily direct flight from Mumbai to Bangkok during the winter schedule.
TOPICS
air transport
Jet Airways has launched a major global expansion from this winter, announcing the addition of over a dozen flights to several destinations in the Gulf and Southeast Asia.
The private carrier on Wednesday announced four daily flights from Kochi to Dubai, a second frequency between Mumbai and Doha, both from November five, and from Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram to Doha from December 1.
The premier airline, which has decided to do away with its all-economy flights, would deploy its next-generation Boeing 737-800 aircraft on these routes, offering business and economy classes.
Jet has also announced the launch of daily direct services from Ahmedabad, Goa, Lucknow and Pune to Abu Dhabi with one stop connections to Europe, North America and Africa from November 14.
Earlier this month, the carrier said it would start a daily flight between Delhi and Ho Chi Minh city in Vietnam via Bangkok from November five and a new service from Mumbai to the Vietnamese city, making it Jet’s 22nd global destination.
The airline also plans to introduce a third daily direct flight from Mumbai to Bangkok during the winter schedule, which would be an afternoon service. This would make Jet the only Indian carrier to operate three flights a day from Mumbai to Bangkok’s Suvarnabhumi Airport.
It would start a second direct service between Mumbai and Colombo from November 5, offering same day return especially for business travellers.
The new flights and additional frequencies on some routes would strengthen Jet’s presence in the high demand routes, especially in the Gulf.
With these new flights, Jet Airways would achieve the distinction of becoming India’s first private airline to operate over 40 daily flights to multiple destinations in the Gulf, including Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Dubai, Doha, Kuwait, Sharjah, Muscat, Jeddah, Dammam and Riyadh, making it the largest operator on the India-Gulf sector, an airline statement said.
“Introduction of these flights is an important landmark in the evolution and emergence of the airline as India’s premier international airline, as we will now operate over 146 daily flights to key international destinations,” Jet’s Senior Vice-President (Commercial) Gaurang Shetty said in the statement.

Coal block allocations verdict effect:  Import bill to shoot up by Rs 18 000 crCoal block allocations verdict effect: 'Import bill to shoot up by Rs 18,000 cr'
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 19:30  IST
Sep 24 2014, 19:30  IST
 

US Move Higher  Shaking off a Three-Day SlumpAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

New Amazon.com Office to Be Warmed by InternetAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Lori Aratani and Paul Dugganlori aratani and paul duggan
Mars Orbiter starts sending picturesMars Orbiter starts sending pictures
Ram Vilas Paswan congratulates ISRORam Vilas Paswan congratulates ISRO
Oracle co-CEOs get paid a tonOracle co-CEOs get paid a ton
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 24, 2014: 1:36 PM ET
New Oracle co-CEOs Safra Catz and Mark Hurd are paid handsomely.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It's good to be at the top, especially at Oracle ( ORCL , Tech30 ).
Safra Catz and Mark Hurd, who were promoted to co-CEOs of the tech giant earlier this month after its founder Larry Ellison stepped down, are paid lavishly even by C-suite standards.
According to a filing last night with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Catz and Hurd each banked $37.5 million in the 2014 fiscal year that ended at the end of May. That's more than the CEO of Disney ( DIS ), according to data from on executive pay compiled by Equilar.
Most of their compensation came in the form of stock options, with both executives earning a base salary of $950,000.
And that was what they made as mere presidents of the company.
As CEOs, Catz and Hurd could rake in even more. While it's difficult to calculate exactly, they could make roughly $52 million each in the coming year based on the company's estimated value of their 2015 stock options as well as Oracle's recent share price.
Related: Larry Ellison stepping down as Oracle CEO
Of course, that's still less than the pay of their former boss Ellison. While his salary is technically only $1, Ellison made $67 million in 2014, thanks largely to stock options. Ellison often tops the list of highest paid CEOs in any given year, especially among publicly traded companies.
His new role will be executive chairman of the company's board. He was also given the title of Chief Technology Officer.
 
Say Aloha to Larry Ellison's Hawaiian island
Catz and Hurd are no strangers to big paydays. The duo each brought home around $44 million last year and $51 million in 2012.
Before assuming their new titles, Catz served as President and Chief Financial Officer at Oracle and Hurd was a President.
Shareholders tussled recently with Oracle of over its hefty compensation practices. Last year, shareholders rejected the pay packages of Ellison and other executives, but the vote was nonbinding.
Related: Just 27% of investors bother to vote
Oracle's stock is up only 1.3% this year compared to the S&P 500's 7% rise and the tech-heavy Nasdaq 's 8.5% gain.
In the filing Tuesday, the company defended its compensation structure, arguing that the company links pay to strong performance.
But Oracle revealed that it reduced the stocks options grants to Ellison, Safra, and Hurd for the current fiscal year, and the company instituted a clawback policy that would enable cash bonuses to be rescinded if certain financial results aren't met.
A spokeswoman for Oracle declined to comment Wednesday on the company's executive pay practices.
First Published: September 24, 2014: 12:18 PM ET
Most Popular

Home Depot Security Team Understaffed And Overwhelmed For Years  Insiders SayHome Depot Security Team Understaffed And Overwhelmed For Years, Insiders Say
Posted:
Updated:
09/24/2014  2:59 pm EDT
Home Depot is dealing with a massive security breach of its customers' credit and debit card data. (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
The Home Depot team tasked with protecting customer credit card data from hackers was understaffed and overwhelmed for years before the biggest security breach in retail history hit the company, several former employees told The Huffington Post.
Over three months in the spring of 2013, four of the eight people responsible for ensuring that credit card data was encrypted as it traveled through Home Depot’s computer network left the company, continuing a pattern of high turnover and turmoil that former employees said had persisted since late 2011. The four left in part because they were frustrated that management did not address their security concerns, according to one former worker who requested anonymity because he did not want to publicly criticize a former employer.
The former security employee told HuffPost that he had raised "red flags" with Home Depot management about the lack of encryption. He said he thought that flaw violated payment card industry security standards. But he said management didn't address his concerns, and he quit last year.
"It was painfully easy to capture that data," the former employee said.
The staff turnover had been going for years. In fall 2011, Home Depot’s overall security team had about 60 employees with a variety of responsibilities, from finding security flaws in the network to ensuring that the company was meeting industry security standards. But shortly after Jeff Mitchell took over as information security chief in August of that year, about 30 of those workers left in a period of three months, according to another former Home Depot security employee. Their loss made the job of protecting the network that much harder for those who remained.
"You're having a hard enough time finding security holes," one former Home Depot security engineer told HuffPost. "Then half the people in your department leave and your workload doubles. It makes it even harder to catch stuff."
Two former security employees described Mitchell as "bullying" and "abrasive" and said he was partly to blame for the loss of talented personnel.
Last week Home Depot revealed that hackers had stolen data on 56 million customer debit and credit cards in what amounted to the largest retail breach on record. The hackers used malware to raid the home improvement chain's computer system for more than five months starting in April. Law enforcement authorities and security firms continue to investigate the theft, the latest in a string of such attacks against major retailers over the past year.
Banks nationwide have started to see fraudulent transactions related to the Home Depot breach that are draining customer bank accounts, according to The Wall Street Journal .
Home Depot said it has removed the malware and tightened security by encrypting payment card data at its U.S. stores. The retailer has also introduced machines that read a new type of credit card that uses an embedded microchip and a code to authorize transactions, making it more difficult for thieves to produce counterfeit credit cards. Such enhanced cards have not been widely introduced in the United States yet.
"Our guiding principle is to do what’s right by our customers," Home Depot spokesman Stephen Holmes said in an email, adding that the company maintains "robust security systems."
The company did not respond to a question about current staffing levels on its security team. It also declined to comment on Mitchell's management style and did not make him available for an interview. Mitchell did not respond to a message seeking comment.
Former Home Depot employees have made similar claims about the security team to Bloomberg Businessweek and The New York Times , painting the picture of a hardware chain struggling to fight off threats in the digital world.
It remains unclear how the hackers found their way into Home Depot’s network or whether the security team could have stopped them, regardless of staff levels, since the thieves reportedly used custom-made malware that had never been seen before.
More:

Mumbai slips to 10th position in terms of rentals  says reportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SC raps states for failing to trace missingchildrenPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:09 am
The Supreme Court on Wednesday expressed its anguish over the state governments’ failure in taking adequate measures to track missing children and sought latest compliance report of the court’s 10-point directives issued earlier on the subject.
On the issue of missing children, the court had earlier issued guidelines on registration of FIRs, designated police stations, creation of a central database and setting up of special police units, among others.
It had also asked all the state governments to apprise it of the adherence to these directions.
On Wednesday, the bench led by Justice H L Dattu said despite pendency of the PIL in the matter for years now, some of the states had not even cared to file their responses.
The bench cautioned such states that their chief secretaries may be asked to show up if the laxity continued.
“If a child of a high-profile family is missing, hundreds of policemen trace the child within three days. But if the child of a poor man goes missing, police don’t even register a FIR,” regretted the bench.
The court asked all the states to submit fresh affidavits by October 10.
The court will hear the matter next on October 16.
An NGO, Bachpan Bachao Andolan, has filed the PIL in the matter.
According to government, nearly 75,000 children, who went missing between 2010 and 2013, remain untraced.

Delhi nod awaited for flag meeting withChinaPrint
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:08 am
Almost two days after the Chinese requested for a flag meeting over the ongoing Chumar face-off, the Indian side is “still considering the proposal”. Senior government sources said that they were taking time for giving a nod because of the diplomatic nature that the face-off has now attained. Meanwhile, there is no change in numbers or positioning of troops on ground on both sides.
“The decision to hold a flag meeting is normally taken at the level of a local commander and in routine matters, the decision is conveyed up to the level of a Directorate General of Military Operations (DGMO). But, in the present scenario, the decision rests with the government officials in Delhi. As of now, we have not confirmed to Chinese side the date or time of the flag meeting,” said a government official.
“Delay in conveying decision over a flag meeting is common and cannot be seen as intentional or deliberate,” said another official. While maintaining that “there is no change on ground”, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) officials remained tight-lipped about the ground situation of the face-off. The two sides have so far held two flag meetings, which have been inconclusive, but India has conveyed to their Chinese counterparts that withdrawal is possible only if China reciprocates it.
Meanwhile, Chinese Ambassador Le Yucheng on Wednesday met officials of the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) and the two sides are learnt to have discussed the LAC face-off in detail. Sources said both sides agreed that they have to de-escalate. “The same will be done in the next few days,” a sources said. The LAC standoff is also learnt to have been discussed in the Cabinet Committee on Security headed by PM Narendra Modi.
Earlier, the issue is reported to have come up at the meetings of the standing committee on defence on Monday and Tuesday. “Though the issue is not under the purview of standing committee on defence, it was raised by one of the members. While no direct references were made about the Chinese face-off, matters pertaining to the need to construct roads, telecommunication network, airfield and upgrade the other supporting infrastructure in the region was talked about,” said a source.

3 shot dead after highway chase on VijayawadaoutskirtsPrint
Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:05 am
Three persons were shot dead in Krishna district on Wednesday afternoon by a rival gang who chased down the victims’ car, forced them to stop in the middle of NH-5 and pumped bullets into them.
The victims, who were accused of killing a hotel owner of Eluru of West Godavari district, were driving down from Gannavaram when they were chased and shot dead. Police said the trio were accused in the murder of hotelier Kanaka Durga Rao on March 4 and were scheduled to appear in Eluru Court to seek bail on Friday.
The victims were identified as Gunda Nageshwara Rao, his son Gunda Marayaiya and relative Gunda. The unidentified assailants followed the SUV in which the victims were travelling from a toll booth near Gannavaram and forced the driver to stop in the middle of the highway on the outskirts of Vijayawada.
“When the driver of the hired SUV realised something was wrong, he stopped the car and jumped over the road median and ran to the other side. The assailants fired at him but missed. He directly came to the police station and reported the incident. The unidentified assailants shot at the other three passengers in the car, killing Nageshwara Rao and his son Marayaiya. The third person, G Mahesh, was alive when we reached the spot but succumbed in an ambulance before reaching hospital,’’ said Vijayawada Police Commissioner A B Venkateshwara Rao.

Air Costa spreads its wings to TirupatiUpdated: September 25, 2014 00:22 IST
Air Costa spreads its wings to Tirupati
A. D. Rangarajan
Tweet
THE HINDU TTD Joint Executive Officer K.S. Sreenivasa Raju inaugurating the Air Costa office at the Tirupati airport on Wednesday. Vice-president of Air Costa is seen. Photo: K.V. Poornachandra Kumar
Good news to Sri Venkateswara devotees of Hyderabad, Coimbatore, Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada, as they now have direct air connectivity to Tirupati, with Air Costa launching its operations here formally on Wednesday.
The new airline, belonging to the LEPL group, made a blip on the radar of the temple city by launching flight services at the Renigunta airport. Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) Joint Executive Officer K.S. Sreenivasa Raju formally lit a traditional lamp to inaugurate the ticketing office and handed over the boarding pass to the first passenger at the airport terminal. Vice-president (commercials) R. Promod also took part.
In his message conveyed over telephone, L.V.S. Rajasekhar, managing director of Air Costa, said it was in tune with the company’s expansion plan to reach out to tier II cities. With the launch of Hyderabad-Tirupati-Hyderabad and Vijayawada-Visakhapatnam-Tirupati services, Air Costa’s presence expanded to 38 daily flights connecting nine destinations.
For complete schedule, one can log on to www.aircosta.in or call the toll-free number 1800 4250 0666.

Wall St. near session highs as healthcare stocks leadWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Mix fruit juice to benefit farmers: Modi to soft drink makersMix fruit juice to benefit farmers: Modi to soft drink makers
SpiceJet eyeing sweet spot routes in flight to vitalityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Doing our best to turn around SpiceJet  Kalanithi MaranDoing our best to turn around SpiceJet, Kalanithi Maran
Gireesh Babu | Chennai Sep 25, 2014 12:43 AM IST
Loss-ridden low-cost air carrier SpiceJet is expecting to turn around operations by cutting costs and restructuring its network, schedules and long-term contracts. Company officials said to generate more revenue, SpiceJet would focus on short-duration flights on international routes.
Addressing shareholders at the company’s annual general meeting here on Wednesday, promoter Kalanithi Maran said, “We are giving our best to turn around the company.” On the sidelines of the meeting, Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said, “We have to work on reducing cost and increasing revenue, and the company is working on this.” He added unit revenue had increased 9-10 per cent year-on-year, though costs had risen at a faster pace due to the exchange rate, fuel costs, etc.
ROUTE PLAN
Sweet-spots: Routes that are profitable. These are often the short-haul flights on international routes that return to base from an international destination the same day
9-10% Y-o-y rise in unit revenue of the company
18-24 months Average time taken by airlines globally to emerge from losses and record profits
Globally, any airline took 18-24 months to emerge from losses and record profits, he said, adding in some cases it took 12 months, though these were rare. “Let’s wait and see how long it will take for us. We are only 9-10 months into the turnaround exercise…Revenue trends are positive; costs aren’t increasing and should start coming down gradually. Hopefully, we will start seeing that soon. We are working towards increasing revenue by reconfiguring aircraft, network, schedules, etc…these will lead to visible turnaround.”
Earlier, the airline had said it was in the process of consolidation, adding it wouldn’t add capacity in 2014-15. After cutting capacity in the June quarter, the airline plans to leave it unchanged through the next two years. Chief Financial Officer S L Narayanan said through the past few quarters, the sector was facing lot of uncertainty. Compared to competitors such as Air India and Jet Airways, SpiceJet was reporting reduced losses, which showed consolation, he said.
Kapoor said the airline would focus more on “sweet-spot”, or profitable routes by operating short-haul flights on international routes. Sweet spots, for Boeing, were 1.5-3 hour flights, he said, adding the idea was for a flight to return to base from an international destination the same day. This would reduce high fuel costs, he said. “If the flight is too short, the airline cannot make up the cost, especially on a jet. The longer you fly, the cost is amortised. In theory, the longer you fly, the unit cost becomes lower. The problem happens when the unit revenue starts falling.”
When shareholders sought to know whether the company was considering bringing an investor or a partner, especially a foreign airline, Narayanan said an AGM wasn’t a forum where “classified” information could be shared, adding any decision would be in the interests of the company and shareholders.

Michael Berry and Nabiha Syed (guest-blogging)How parental leave has changed and how attitudes have shifted recently.
Nov 14, 2014
What the drop in marriage rates tells us about the shifting role of marriage in this country.
Nov 14, 2014
The suspected shooter was captured last month after remaining on the run for seven weeks.
Nov 13, 2014
If the Florida execution is carried out as scheduled, the country won’t match a two-decade low in executions in one year.
Nov 13, 2014
A harsh report outlined a series of missteps involving investigations into sexual assaults and injured children.
Nov 13, 2014
Americans are not particularly confident in their social media sites.
Nov 13, 2014
The hospital has agreed to pay an undisclosed sum and set up a charitable fund benefiting Ebola victims in West Africa.
Nov 12, 2014
The magazine about time is tired of celebrities being asked about feminism, apparently.
Nov 12, 2014
The grand jury’s decision is expected this month.
Nov 11, 2014
The lava had been gradually moving since June.
Nov 11, 2014
Load More
About
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation , a destination for breaking news, developing stories and quick analysis of events around the country. A Florida native, Mark has been with The Post since 2007. He encourages you to follow him on Twitter (@markberman), but only if you feel like it.
Most Read

No special route  govt tells China to bid for highwaysE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Two more top exits from Sikkas SAP Labs India teamTwo more top exits from Sikka’s SAP Labs India team
Sangeetha Chengappa
Tweet
Bangalore, September 22:  
A month and a half after Vishal Sikka took over as CEO of Infosys, two more of his key team members at SAP Labs India have quit. Ganapathy Subramanian, Vice-President of the Customer Engagement and Strategic Projects team, who is also a member of SAP’s extended global leadership team, and Sudipto Shankar Dasgupta, Chief Development Architect, are both serving their notice periods right now.
These two exits come just a month after two other members of Sikka’s former team – Michael Reh, Executive Vice-President, Business Information and Technology, at SAP AG, and Sanjay Rajagopalan, head of design and special projects, both quit SAP to join Infosys to lead the Indian IT major’s product strategy.
Dasgupta left IBM Global Services, where he was a Technical Consultant, to join SAP Labs India in 2004 as Solutions Architect at SAP Custom Development. He became Development Manager in 2009 and remained so until March this year when he was promoted to Chief Development Architect. Subramanian joined SAP Labs India in 2000 as Development Project Manager from IMR Global, where he was software engineer, and over 14 years moved up from Development Lead, Program Director, Development Project Manager to Vice-President SAP In-Memory (HANA) Applications.
According to SAP insiders, Dasgupta, who has logged 10 years at SAP, will be joining Sikka’s team at Infosys. However, it is not clear if Subramanian, who has been at SAP for 14 years has quit to join Infosys. In response to BusinessLine’s query about Dasgupta’s and Subramanian’s exits, the company spokesperson said, “As a policy we do not comment on any speculation about our human resources developments.”
Subramanian’s profile seems to be the perfect fit for Sikka’s new strategy – design thinking. Right after Sikka took over as CEO of Infosys on August 1, he has expressed his desire to embrace and practice design thinking and innovation to help Infosys’ global customers transform themselves and be relevant to the times. Given that Subramanian’s main responsibility was towards app development built on SAP’s technology platform using design thinking principles, he seems a natural fit for Sikka’s new strategy, say industry observers.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

States Would Reap Billions From Legal Weedreddit
Money may not grow on trees, but it apparently does grow on marijuana plants. If all 50 states legalized cannabis today, they'd be collectively raking in more than $3 billion a year in taxes.
That's according to NerdWallet, a personal finance site, which forecasts a total $3.1 billion annual windfall for state governments that legalize the popular plant .
California would gain the most from legalization. NerdWallet projects the Golden State would generate more than $519 million per year, which the website points out would almost fund the entire 2013 budget for California's Department of Parks and Recreation . New York would be second, with $248 million, NerdWallet said. Seven additional states would bring in $100 million or more from legalization, and 25 others would stand to make at least $20 million per year.
NerdWallet's estimate assumed a flat, 15 percent excise tax on marijuana -- the same as Colorado's excise tax on recreational marijuana sales. NerdWallet added state and local sales taxes to that figure.
The site didn't subtract medical marijuana tax revenues in the 23 states that allow medicinal use of cannabis. The post-prohibition forecast also failed to calculate reduced government spending on law enforcement. In 2010, Harvard economist Jeffrey Miron estimated more than $8 billion in annual savings in law enforcement costs if marijuana were legalized.
To estimate marijuana sales in each state, NerdWallet used the widely cited Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's National Surveys on Drug Use and Health to find the number of marijuana consumers aged 25 and older. NerdWallet calculated the approximate number of pot users in each state, and applied the percentage to the U.S. population. It estimated the total U.S. marijuana market at $14 billion, as projected by Miron .
Of course, tax rates in states may vary wildly from NerdWallet's 15 percent assumption. And estimating a marketplace for a substance that has been banned and stigmatized may be fraught. In Colorado, where recreational marijuana is legal, recreational marijuana tax revenue has been far lower than predicted .
Still, recent studies have projected that the U.S. marijuana industry may reach $8 billion to to $10 billion in sales by 2018.
In 2012, Colorado and Washington state legalized recreational marijuana. Twenty-three states and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana for medical use. In November, Oregon and Alaska voters will cast ballots on the legalization of recreational marijuana, voters in Florida will decide on a medical marijuana ballot measure, and Washington, D.C., voters will consider legalizing recreational marijuana possession and use.
Take a look at NerdWallet's map of the United States below to see tax revenues your state might expect from legal, regulated marijuana:
Also on HuffPost:

Obama Cracking Down On InversionsObama Administration To Take Action Against Tax-Avoidance Inversion Deals
 | By                                                                JOSH LEDERMAN and JIM KUHNHENN
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration cracked down Monday on certain overseas corporate mergers and acquisitions, aiming to curb American companies from shifting their ownership abroad to shirk paying U.S. taxes.
New regulations from the Treasury Department will make these co-called corporate inversions less lucrative by barring creative techniques that companies use to lower their tax bill. Additionally, the U.S. will make it harder for companies to move overseas in the first place by tightening the ownership requirements they must meet.
"This action will significantly diminish the ability of inverted companies to escape U.S. taxation," Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew said. He added that for some companies considering inversions, the new measures would mean inverting would "no longer make economic sense."
Administration officials who briefed reporters could not say how many pending inversions might be stopped by the new rules and specifically would not address whether the rules would block one of the most high-profile moves, an effort that Burger King announced in August to acquire Tim Hortons, a Canadian coffee and doughnut chain.
In such transactions, a U.S. business merges with or is acquired by a foreign company in a country with a lower tax rate. President Barack Obama has denounced inversions as unpatriotic and has urged Congress to stop them.
Obama applauded the Treasury for taking steps to reverse the trend of companies seeking to "exploit this loophole" to avoid paying their fair share in taxes. Yet he said he was still calling on Congress to pursue broader tax reform that would reduce the corporate tax rate, close loopholes and make the tax code simpler.
"While there's no substitute for congressional action, my administration will act wherever we can to protect the progress the American people have worked so hard to bring about," Obama said in a statement.
Coming just six weeks ahead of Election Day, the timing of Monday's announcement highlighted the appeal Democrats believe the issue has with voters. By having Treasury announce new steps now, the White House was practically daring Republicans to voice their opposition.
The announcement puts companies on notice that Treasury will be drafting regulations to clamp down, but the new measures will take effect immediately even while those regulations are pending. That means any transactions from Tuesday onward will be subject to the tougher restrictions.
Three new measures will seek to stop companies from finding ways to access earnings from a foreign subsidiary without paying U.S. taxes, including "hopscotch" loans, in which companies shift earnings by lending money to the new foreign parent company while skipping over the U.S.-based company.
Another rule change would make it harder for merged or acquired companies to benefit from lower foreign taxes by tightening the application of a law that says the American company's shareholders must own less than 80 percent of the new, combined company. The administration would like to reduce that percentage to 50 percent, but that will require legislation. In the absence of legislation, the administration says its new rules will make it harder for companies to get around the 80 percent requirement by prohibiting certain arrangements, such as a firm making large dividend payments ahead of the acquisition to reduce its size on paper.
About 50 U.S. companies have carried out inversions in the past decade, and more are considering it, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service. The recent wave of inversions has been dominated by health care companies, including drugmaker AbbVie, which has announced plans to merge with a drug company incorporated in Britain.
Treasury called the new rules a "targeted action" aimed at ensuring that the U.S. tax system only provides incentives to genuine cross-border mergers that strengthen the economy.
Democrats generally supported the action as the best the administration could do without action from Congress while Republicans faulted the administration for not making a greater effort to work with Congress to enact comprehensive corporate tax reform.
"The administration has made a good effort but administrative action can only go so far," Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said in a statement. "This rule makes some companies think twice before inverting, but legislation is sorely needed."
Republicans pointed out that the U.S. has the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world and argued that Obama should be pursuing efforts to simplify the tax code, not punish companies.
"We've been down this rabbit hole before and until the White House gets serious about tax reform, we are going to keep losing good companies and jobs to countries that have or are actively reforming their tax laws," said Rep. Dave Camp, R-Mich., who chairs the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee.
About 50 U.S. companies have carried out inversions in the past decade, and more are considering it, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service. The recent wave of inversions has been dominated by health care companies, including drugmaker AbbVie, which has announced plans to merge with a drug company incorporated in Britain.
Several Democrats in Congress have announced bills to make it harder for U.S. corporations to carry out inversions, and Obama included provisions in his 2015 budget request to limit inversions.
Obama elevated the issue in July, demanding "economic patriotism" from U.S. corporations that use legal means to avoid U.S. taxes through overseas mergers. "I don't care if it's legal," Obama declared at the time. "It's wrong."
___
AP Economics Writer Martin Crutsinger and AP writer Alan Fram contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

Lex Live: bank finesAbout Lex
Blog guide
This is a blog and notebook by the writers of Lex, the investment column of the Financial Times. It's a chance to see inside the work of a Lex writer and to participate in the construction of a Lex note . It will also contain some brief observations and thought-provoking questions from Lex columnists.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blogs. However, our Lex posts remain free.
Lex is the oldest and arguably the most influential business and finance column of its kind in the world. The unconflicted column covers corporate affairs and fiercely guards its editorial independence.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus reviewedShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
New iPhones: the verdict
Sep 23, 2014 : Tim Bradshaw reviews iPhone 6 and the 'hummer' of iPhones, the iPhone 6 Plus, and finds the new operating system a meaningful step up for existing iPhone customers.
Credits: Filmed by Tim Bradshaw and edited by Gregory Bobillot

Afghanistan s power sharing dealAfghanistan's power sharing deal Sep 23, 2014 - 7:00 pm
Afghanistan’s two presidential candidates have agreed to share power, drawing a line under a contested election that has dragged on for almost six months. Ashraf Ghani, former finance minister, becomes president and Abdullah Abdullah, ex-foreign minister, takes over the newly created position of chief executive officer. Fiona Symon spoke to May Jeong, FT correspondent in Kabul, about the deal.

A little negativity can be positive for the eurozoneShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Not that negative after all
Sep 23, 2014 : Eurozone interest rates turned negative in June, but fears markets would seize up have been confounded. JPMorgan strategist Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou tells Ralph Atkins how the plunge below zero has been working and where the limits of such a stimulus lies.

Is Chinas September PMI uptick to be trustedSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Salad days are over for Med diet followersAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Hong Kong Exchange out in the coldHKEx’s stance on voting rights leaves it out in the cold
By Jennifer Hughes
Exchange forfeits deals on one-share-one-vote principle
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/04959d0a-42f0-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HKEx has to decide how many Alibaba-like floats it is prepared to lose for its one-share-one-vote principleHKEx’s stance on voting rights leaves it out in the cold
By Jennifer Hughes
Exchange forfeits deals on one-share-one-vote principle
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/04959d0a-42f0-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World leaders rebuked on climate pledgesClimate summit ends with rebuke to leaders
By Pilita Clark in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7fa7e04-433a-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mismatch between promises and problem highlighted as Nelson Mandelas widow closes UN summitClimate summit ends with rebuke to leaders
By Pilita Clark in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7fa7e04-433a-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee marginally weaker on dollar demand by oil firmsRupee marginally weaker on dollar demand by oil firms
Reuters |  Sep 24, 2014 01:05 PM IST
The rupee is trading at 60.99/61.00 versus Tuesday's 60.94/95 close.
 
The rupee is trading off session low of 61.05 on custodian bank dollar sales.
 
Traders say demand from oil firms is limiting the rupee's rise.
 
Asian currencies are trading mixed versus the dollar.
 
Traders say the pair is likely to hold in 60.90-61.20 range.
 

Now  EU may probe Google Inc s non-search servicesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

3 Ways To Energize Your Job Search And Get Hired Nowreddit
Many job-seekers don't realize there is a seasonal aspect to the job hunt. The good news is that early fall is one of the two best times of year to look for work. Just like the school year begins anew, organizations gear up after the summer slowdown.
Companies need employees and contract workers to carry out their upcoming projects and initiatives. They make plans, allocate funds and begin to interview more actively. Therefore now is the time to invigorate your search and sharpen your focus on your goals!
But what if you have been out there looking for a long time? What if your hopes have been dashed again and again? What if you are beginning to lose energy and confidence in yourself? No matter how difficult the process and negative your feelings, this is the time to re-energize your efforts.
The following are three ways to regain your focus, boost your morale and revitalize your momentum:
#1 Sharpen Your Skills
A surefire way to increase your confidence is to build upon your skill set. There are numerous low-fee and free websites that offer skills' training that will strengthen your resume and give you that all-important competitive edge. Here are a few to get you started.
Lynda.com: For $25 a month, you will get unlimited access to close to 3,000 video courses (mainly business, technical and creative)
GCFlearnfree.org: Boasts more than 120 free tutorials and more than 1100 videos and interactive exercises in technology, math, ESL and more
Microsoft Office Training: Learn the MS Office Suite for free
OpenCulture.com: Links to scores of free, high quality training videos for both cultural and educational subjects
Take classes or workshops in your area of specialty. You will not only be reinforcing your skill set, you will have the added benefit of networking with your classmates and the instructor. Ask to meet briefly with him or her and begin the conversation with an open-ended question along the lines of, "I'm targeting positions in the field of XYZ. Do you have any advice or suggestions for me?" You are likely to get some useful information and, many times, even contact names that could prove extremely helpful.
#2 Find New Ways To Network
You already know that the vast majority of jobs are obtained through personal referral, yet there is an even more critical reason you should be out meeting people whenever possible. Isolation is the #1 killer of both your personal motivation and your chances for success. There are several ways to interact with others and each of them could payoff big time by providing you with valuable connections as well as an added boost of confidence.
Increase your presence at professional associations and groups relevant to your line of work. Attend meetings and group events with the goal to interact with people you haven't yet met. The contacts you will make at these meetings are likely to have direct links to managers and other decision-makers in organizations that interest you. At a minimum, they could provide you with helpful, insider information and you may well gain access to leads in the hidden job market.
Join a job search group. These groups are helpful on three levels: job search tips, lead exchange, and emotional support. Many such groups meet on a regular basis where members promise to perform a number of job search activities. They are then obligated to report their progress at the following meeting. This provides an unbeatable combination of encouragement and accountability, and these factors will go a long way to keeping you motivated and moving forward.
Volunteer in a related field. The very act of serving others will raise your feelings of wellbeing and may lead to valuable connections and unexpected opportunities.
#3 Organize Your Search And Track Your Progress
To mount a successful campaign, you will need to ensure that you are on top of your game. Make certain that you return messages in a timely manner, follow up on your commitments, and keep information to and from your targeted companies in order. You can easily do this by purchasing a three-ring binder, printing out all of your correspondence and labeling it according to individual companies. You can also create a spreadsheet where you track and monitor your connections and commitments. Moreover, there are free online sites like Jibber-Jobber.com that will help you organize the various aspects of your search and keep them in one convenient location.
In addition to the various organizational tools, you will want to write out a list of daily and weekly goals. One of the most frustrating aspects of looking for work is the fact that you're expending vast amounts of energy -- generally without seeing an immediate return on your investment of time and effort. Therefore, even the simple process of keeping a checklist is important. Tracking how many face-to-face contacts, number of emails you send out, and the amount of phone calls you make each day will give you a sense that you are making progress.
So now is the time to build upon your skill set, grow your network and re-organize. When you energize your search, you are likely to find yourself landing a job or, at a minimum, actively interviewing. Therefore prepare to show yourself as the confident, can-do candidate you are and take full advantage of the early fall season and the opportunities that abound!
Mary Eileen Williams is a Nationally Board Certified Career Counselor with a Master's Degree in Career Development and twenty years' experience assisting midlife jobseekers to achieve satisfying careers. Her book, Land the Job You Love: 10 Surefire Strategies for Jobseekers Over 50 , is a step-by-step guide that shows you how you can turn your age into an advantage and brand yourself for success. Updated in 2014, it's packed with even more critical information aimed at providing mature applicants with the tools they need to gain the edge over the competition and successfully navigate the modern job market. Visit her website at Feisty Side of Fifty.com and celebrate your sassy side!
Earlier on Huff/Post50:

Great Content Marketing & Branding Starts with Stellar ImagesAs we move into the big smartphone era no content will stand out unless you have great visuals.
They differentiate your brand and business and drive engagement with today's always on consumers.
Seven Key Metrics for using Visuals to Drive Brand Engagement
Don't be afraid to experiment with visual communications - creativity drives engagement with your brand. Start slow and measure back end conversions with your imagery to understand what's working and what isn't.
Map your images and content to the platform by creating discrete types of images that resonate with users on a social network. Personalize your visual content and don't "broadcast" untargeted content.
When/where possible share useful content that addresses the needs of your target market . Use visuals to capture the attention of a visitor and then couple this with text that's linked out to other sources and/or informs and engages.
For visual presentations don't forget the " rule of three " - Steve Jobs was a master of distilling complex topics down into three.
Consumers like to see the human side of your brand . Scott Monty (Ford's VP of Marketing)  has been an advocate of "human to human" communications to drive brand engagement.
Tell a story when/where you can - video is of course a great way to use long form content to engage your audience.
Chunk your visual content up and reuse it to leverage development costs. The average consumer sees 3-5K visual messages per day and Google has indexed over 50B pages . Repetitive marketing can be a good thing.
Your Business is Under Attack from an Encroaching Digital Landscape
Data is Exploding at an unprecedented rate: projected to be ten times greater the next six years, with 44 trillion gigabytes shared by 2020 .
Content sharing is now platform agnostic: it's anywhere and everything.
Marketing budgets are unable to keep up with the growth in platforms.
Consumers demographics are shifting rapidly.
Savvy bigger brands are leveraging " social influence " to reach high value customers or influencers; making it more difficult for smaller brands to get heard via the social landscape.
Businesses are aggressively deploying a product marketing strategy that encompasses no frills brands along side their traditional branded products : getting real world and "mental" shelf space is challenging.
Native advertising is blurring the lines of how consumers and professionals engage with content.
All brands are by necessity of changes in the digital landscape forced to become publishers on some scale .
Technological expertise is overwhelming the core competency of management teams and it's increasingly harder to find the right staff with an associated rise in what you have to pay them.
Images, your own and sourced, must be high quality and creative to help you stand out in today's crowded landscape.
Generic stock photos don't and won't help you and I don't recommend using them via a web site or social media.
Use custom graphics created in house or outsourced. If you are licensing graphics, use Getty images.
Don't forget to leverage your costs for creating high quality images by sharing them across you social media accounts, blog, web site, eBooks and WhitePapers on a rotating basis.
Related Posts on Marketing Strategy

As Sena-BJP lock horns  three junior allies walk outComments
With just three days left for filing of nominations, the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was struggling to reach a consensus on sharing seats, though chances for a resolution brightened late on Wednesday.
Smaller allies who were unhappy with meagre number of seats offered, later softened and said they would be satisfied with 14. “We are ready to accept 14 seats instead of 18 to keep the alliance intact,” said the RSP’s Mahadev Jankar late on Wednesday.
Following this, the two major allies will work out their seat-sharing. If the Sena retains 150 or 151, the BJP will have to be happy with 123 or 124 seats. The details were still being discussed at the time of going to press.
BJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
In the rival camp, the Congress and the NCP were finding it difficult to work out a pact. This follows the NCP’s demand for sharing the chief ministership for two and a half years each, if the alliance returns to power.
Read: Minor allies want more seats, BJP-Sena talks deadlocked again
After the smaller allies threatened to quit the alliance saying they were getting a raw deal, the Sena-BJP tried to placate them with some additional seats as well as promises of a share in power.
Three of the smaller allies — the Swabhimaan Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), the Shiv Sangram, and the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP) -- accused the Sena-BJP of sacrificing them for their own interests. Things took a serious turn on Wednesday as the allies threatened to quit the Mahayuti (grand alliance) and form a parallel alliance to contest elections. They said the decision of the Sena-BJP to reduce their share considerably from the original 18 was a betrayal. “They conveniently used us [in the Lok Sabha polls] and are now dumping us,” said SSS leader Sadabhau Khot.
The delay in pacifying the smaller allies was also because of one-upmanship between the Sena and the BJP. While the Sena stood on prestige and said it would not contest less than 151 seats, the BJP put pressure for five more seats. Through the day, the BJP encouraged smaller allies to push the Sena for more seats.
There was a series of meetings but consensus could not be worked out. Shiv Sena sources said Uddhav Thackeray told leaders of the smaller alliance parties that he had already parted with 18 seats from the 169 that his party had contested in 2009 and that now it was between them and the BJP. After its meeting with smaller allies, the BJP said talks were going on in a positive note. “We will not let down the allies. The talks are going on well,” said Devendra Phadnavis, state BJP chief.
Meanwhile, the negotiations in the ruling camp came to a standstill with NCP going into a huddle and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan leaving for his home constituency Karad for the day. It is believed that the Congress through informal channels conveyed its offer of 124 seats plus another 4 seats (where the party has not won in the last 3 elections). Sources in the party said that it was waiting for the NCP to get back.
Read: Amit Shah's Mumbai visit cancelled amid seat sharing impasse
The NCP had upped its demand for 144 seats by also staking claim on the CM post for two and a half years if the alliance came to power. The partners may stitch together an agreement by Thursday with the NCP contesting 128 to 130 seats.
Meanwhile, the parties are likely to start releasing lists of candidates on Thursday except for the seats in dispute with their allies. It is also likely that several sitting MLAs will be asked by their parties to file nominations without waiting for the official list. For instance, the NCP’s minister of state Sachin Ahir and spokesperson Nawab Malik are the key leaders who will file their nominations.
Meanwhile, BJP national president Amit Shah will be coming to the city on Thursday for a function at Uttan.

First Russia debt deal in two monthsLast updated: September 24, 2014 5:26 pm
Russia launches first debt sale in two months
By Robin Wigglesworth and Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f6d06ac-43f0-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SBI board nod for 1:10 share split to broaden participationState Bank of India board approves 1:10 share split
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:49 AM IST
In a bid to increase the liquidity of its stock, State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to split its share in the ratio of 1:10. This means, one equity share with a face value Rs 10 will be split into 10 shares of Re 1 each.
“The central board of SBI at its meeting has approved to reduce the face value of equity shares of the bank from Rs 10 per share to Re 1 per share and to increase the number of issued shares in proportion thereof,” the bank said in a statement on Wednesday.
The shares of SBI, India’s largest lender, closed at Rs 2,487.40 apiece on Wednesday on the BSE, 2.68 per cent down from the previous close.
The decision would be reflected in the reduction in face value of equity shares in the existing global depository receipt (GDR) programme, the bank said.
The decision is subject to government and regulatory approvals.
SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said the decision to split the stock will enhance broader investor participation, specifically retail participation and increase in demand will enhance the bank’s price-to-earnings ratio.
Earlier this month, public sector lender Punjab National Bank and private lender ICICI Bank had also announced a share split in the ratio of 1:5.

T-bills go negative in quarter-end rush© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6081f14-43f5-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Struggling BlackBerry Releases New PhoneAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

The Typical Billionaire Has $3.1 Billion and Other Fun Facts About the Worlds Wealthy EliteWarren Buffett is not a "typical" billionaire.
Photo by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images
What does a "typical" billionaire look like in the year 2014? The annual Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census , which gives an in-depth accounting of the world's wealthiest people, devotes an entire section to answering this question. Here are a few bullet points:
The typical billionaire has a net worth of $3.1 billion.
The typical billionaire is 63 years old. (It was 62 last year.)
The typical billionaire has nearly half of his or her wealth in ownership of privately held businesses.
The typical billionaire owns four properties worth some $94 million altogether.
Advertisement
Want to break it down further? According to the survey, there are a record 2,325 billionaires in the world today, up 7 percent from the previous year. Their total wealth increased 12 percent in the same period to $7.3 trillion, which is equal to 4 percent of global wealth and greater than the combined market capitalization of all the companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. As might be expected, men account for 2,039 of billionaires worldwide (or more than four in five) and $6.4 trillion of their combined wealth.
Billionaires also have what the Wealth-X/UBS report charmingly refers to as a "billionaire network." The typical billionaire has "business or personal relationships with another nine UHNW [ultra high net worth] individuals, three of which are billionaires," it notes. That means the typical billionaire has a friend circle worth an estimated $16 billion. The "must-go" events on their social calendar, according to the report, include sporting events (particularly the U.S. Masters and PGA Championship), the Davos World Economic Forum, and various elite art shows (a good deal of which are sponsored by UBS).
Should you wish to track down a billionaire, you're best off looking in New York, home to 103 billionaires—far ahead of the runners-up, Moscow (85) and Hong Kong (82). You could also try crashing an alumni event at the University of Pennsylvania, which counts 25 billionaires among its graduates (Harvard and Yale are close behind). In terms of regions, Europe still has the largest number of billionaires, as you can see in the map from Statista below, and tiny little Liechtenstein boasts the highest number of billionaires per capita, at five.
Those are the world's typical billionaires. But luckily for former Oracle CEO Larry Ellison —atypical, at least by his net worth of nearly $50 billion—Wealth-X and UBS report that a good chunk of the world's billionaires also share his passion for yachting .
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Litigation pushes back against FAA enforcementComments
By Michael Berry and Nabiha Syed (guest-blogging) September 24
As the FAA works on promulgating formal rules governing domestic drone use, it has sought to limit the number of drones in the sky, first by providing a mechanism for public entities and others to seek special certifications and then by issuing cease-and-desist letters to those who fly drones but are not hobbyists and have not received FAA authorization. The FAA also has stepped up its enforcement in other ways, prompting litigation and forcing the FAA to defend its authority in the absence of specific drone regulations issued after notice-and-comment rulemaking.
A Challenge To The FAA’s Drone Policies
In 2011, a well-known drone enthusiast and operator named Raphael “Trappy” Pirker was hired to obtain aerial photos and video of the University of Virginia. That autumn, Pirker flew his 4.5-pound Ritewing Zephyr powered glider through campus to snap a variety of shots. The FAA alleged that he flew the drone at extremely low altitudes, through tunnels with moving cars below, and in close proximity to railway tracks and individuals, all in violation of a regulation stating that “no person may operate an aircraft in a careless or reckless manner so as to endanger the life or property of another.” In light of this alleged violation, the FAA levied a $10,000 civil penalty against Pirker. (The entity that had hired Pirker to operate the drone faced no fine, nor did it receive a cease-and-desist letter.)
Pirker fought the enforcement action, moving to dismiss it before an administrative law judge at the National Transportation and Safety Board (NTSB). In his motion , Pirker argued that the FAA did not have any authority to fine people operating drones because it had not issued formal rules governing their use. Although the FAA’s 2005 memorandum and 2007 policy statement stated that drone operators were subject to FAA regulation and purported to ban commercial use of drones, Pirker argued that these pronouncements were unenforceable because they had not been issued as formal rules under the Administrative Procedure Act. Thus, Pirker contended, the pronouncements could not bind him, and the fine was unenforceable.
On March 6, 2014, the NTSB administrative law judge agreed . According to the judge, if the FAA’s contention concerning the scope of its existing regulations were correct, its position “would then result in the risible argument that a flight in the air of, e.g., a paper aircraft, or a toy balsa wood glider, could subject the ‘operator’ to” FAA’s existing regulations. Moreover, the judge held that at the time of Pirker’s flight, “there was no enforceable FAA rule” that governed Pirker’s drone. As the judge explained, Congress enacted the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (“FMRA”) because “there were no effective rules or regulations” in place, and that law directed the FAA to promulgate rules.
Not surprisingly, the FAA appealed the judge’s ruling almost immediately. That appeal is pending . In announcing its decision to appeal the ruling, the FAA expressed concern that the administrative law judge’s decision would impact the safety of national airspace and emphasized its view that the appeal stayed the ruling.
A Challenge To The FAA’s Cease-and-Desist Regime
Following the judge’s decision, some questioned whether the FAA has the authority to send cease-and-desist orders in the absence of enforceable regulations. Just a month later,a non-profit filed a lawsuit directly challenging the FAA’s cease-and-desist practices and its enforcement authority. Texas Equusearch, a non-profit search-and-rescue organization that uses drones to find missing persons, filed a petition for review in the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit after receiving an e-mail from the FAA calling on it to “stop immediately” its rescue efforts because they are “illegal.” Equusearch claimed in the petition that it has no commercial purpose and asked the court to set aside the FAA’s order. In its filings, Equusearch argued that the FAA has no power to issue cease-and-desist letters in the absence of formal rules.
The D.C. Circuit dismissed Equusearch’s petition, ruling that the FAA’s email was not a formal, legally binding order. The D.C. Circuit explained that the e-mail “did not represent the consummation of the agency’s decision-making process, nor did it give rise to any legal consequences.” The court thus held that it lacked the authority to review the claim. The FAA responded to the decision by saying that it had no bearing on the agency’s authority to regulate drones, although it plainly cast doubt on whether the FAA’s cease-and-desist letters had any teeth. In any event, Equusearch quickly announced that it intended to resume using drones soon.
A Move By The FAA To Assert Its Authority
While the Texas Equusearch case was pending, and in the wake of the Pirker decision, in June the FAA released a Notice of Interpretation of the special provision for model aircraft that Congress adopted in FMRA . That provision, located in Section 336 of the Act, bars the FAA from issuing “any rule or regulation regarding a model aircraft, or an aircraft being developed as a model aircraft” under certain circumstances. The law also provides that “[n]othing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue enforcement action against persons operating model aircraft who endanger the safety of the national airspace system.”
In the Notice interpreting Section 336, the FAA embraced its enforcement authority over model aircraft based on its safety mandate, stating that FMRA permits the agency to pursue enforcement action against any aircraft that endangers the safety of the national airspace system. Although FMRA prohibits the FAA from making rules for hobbyist or recreational model aircraft, the FAA noted that this section of the statute does “not apply in the case of general rules that the FAA may issue or modify that apply to all aircraft, such as rules addressing the use of airspace for safety or security reasons.” The Notice also interpreted the scope of “hobby or recreational purpose” very narrowly, excluding not only commercial operations and flights in furtherance of business, but also flights that are “incidental” to business. In doing so, the Notice clarified the FAA’s view of what is, and is not, a hobby. For example, the FAA considers “taking photographs with a model aircraft for personal use” to be a hobby or recreation, but “a person photographing a property or event and selling the photos to someone else” is not a hobby or recreation. This Notice of Interpretation has spawned thousands of comments . Many of them argue that the FAA has taken an overly restrictive view of hobbyist activity, making it difficult for organizations to experiment with the technology. Others argue that the FAA has exceeded its authority by making rules that govern model aircraft.
A Series Of Challenges To The Ban On Commercial Drone Flights
The latest round of litigation against the FAA began only a month ago. On August 22, hobbyists brought a series of lawsuits challenging the FAA’s prohibition on commercial drone flights. The lawsuits assert that the Notice of Interpretation on model aircraft is “arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law, in excess of statutory jurisdiction, authority, or limitations, and without observance of procedure required by law.” The lawsuits claim the Interpretation should be set aside. Each suit explains how the Interpretation negatively impacts a broad swath of prospective drone users, including hobbyists, research universities, and both small and large businesses. Briefing in these lawsuits is now underway, and they remain cases to watch in the run-up to the FAA’s proposed small drone rules.
* * * * *
The absence of clear, formal rulemaking from the FAA has prompted a large amount of uncertainty, and that uncertainty has prompted litigation, leaving judges with the task of sorting out the contours of the FAA’s authority under the existing regulatory regime. As we will discuss tomorrow, states have moved to fill this vacuum and begun to pass legislation governing private, domestic drone use.
In the meantime, the FAA has announced that it has been working to implement provisions of Section 333 of FMRA — or “Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems” — which would allow operators to apply for exemptions for commercial operations in low-risk, controlled environments. These special rules are designed to “ bridge the gap ” between the current state of affairs and the forthcoming small drone rules, but appear to be extremely limited in scope. Several journalists, filmmakers, and media companies have applied for exemptions. How the FAA handles their applications is worth watching and might shed some light on the future regulatory environment for using drones for newsgathering, reporting, and filmmaking.

Mid-cap stocks most expensive since 2006Mid-cap stocks most expensive since 2006
Bloomberg |  Sep 24, 2014 10:41 PM IST
Shares of India's medium-sized companies are the most expensive in eight years relative to larger counterparts, a sign that the rally has gone too far, according to Equinomics Research & Advisory Pvt. The data show the S&P BSE Mid-Cap index is valued at 18.3 times estimated earnings, a 7.2 per cent premium versus the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex. The gap reached 9.1 per cent on September 15, the widest since March 2006. The mid-cap measure has climbed 45 per cent since the start of the year, versus a 26 per cent gain in the Sensex.
While Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May has fueled speculation that companies tied to the domestic economy will gain from his growth-boosting policies, valuations have reached levels that previously foreshadowed losses. The last time the mid-cap index's price-to-earnings ratio was this high, in January 2008, the gauge tumbled 66 per cent over the next 12 months.
"There is a bubble building up in many small- and mid-cap companies," Chokkalingam G, managing director at Equinomics Research, said in a phone interview last week. "Many stocks are trading at richer valuations than industry leaders. People should remember what happened to mid-cap stocks in 2008. History repeats itself." Companies in the mid-cap gauge have a median market value of $767 million, data compiled by Bloomberg show. National Buildings Construction Corp and JK Lakshmi Cement, were the best performers in the past six months, gaining 400 per cent and 250 per cent, respectively.
The Sensex comprises 30 companies with a median value of $23 billion.

Cameron set to win Isis strikes supportDavid Cameron poised to win support for Isis strikes
By Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46093d48-43d9-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vaishnodevi shrine ready for Navratras amid tight securitySep 24, 2014 at 11:24pm IST
Vaishnodevi shrine ready for Navratras amid tight security
20
2
Katra (Jammu): The cave shrine of Mata Vaishnodevi in Jammu and Kashmir's Trikuta Hills is decked up for the Navratras, which will begin on Thursday amid tight security.
"The Bhawan of Mata Vaishno Deviji, Atka and the areas surrounding it have been decorated with flowers. All the routes leading to the cave shrine have been fully maintained for movement of pilgrims apart from ensuring sufficient supplies of provisions, food and water on the way," Chief Executive Officer, Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board, Mandeep K Bhandari said.
The flowers have been brought from various parts of the country and some have also been imported from New Zealand, Australia, Canada and England. The Katra base camp and the route to the shrine will have multi-pronged security with the Army patrolling the Bhawan.
The flowers have been brought from various parts of the country and some have also been imported from New Zealand, Australia, Canada and England.
#mata vaishnodevi #jammu and kashmir #trikuta hills #navratras
CCTV monitoring and heavy checking and frisking at entry and exit points will be ensured during Navratras, Inspector General of Police (IGP), Jammu Zone, Rajesh Kumar said.
The Bhawan will witness a 'Mahayagya' round-the-clock with the beginning of the Navratras and elaborate arrangements have been made for the large number of pilgrims who are likely to visit the shrine during this period.
However, in view of the devastating floods and the loss of lives in Jammu and Kashmir, this year's 'Navratra' festival is likely to be a low key affair sans festivities. "The event shall be kept simple and on a low key," Bhandari said.
The CEO said the yatra, which was temporarily suspended on September 4 because of incessant heavy rains, was resumed on September 8 and since then it is proceeding smoothly. In view of militant activities across the border and unprecedented floods, police officers have been asked to ensure comprehensive deployment of force, Kumar said, adding there will be regular patrolling by Army, CRPF and Police.
2

Maharashtra polls: NCP proposes equal seat share with Congress  demands CM s post2
0
Mumbai: The Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) alliance might be on its last leg. The NCP has said that it has sent one last proposal to the Congress that 50 per cent of the seats can be distributed between the two parties. That works out to 144 seats individually.
The NCP has also demanded that if the alliance wins, the Chief Minister must be changed after two-and-a-half years so that the NCP also has a shot at the post.
"We have given them a proposal, that we should share seats 50-50. Also, we have proposed, that you keep the CM post for two-and-a-half years, then we'll keep the post for two-and-a-half years," NCP leader Chaggan Bhujbal said.
Sources have told CNN-IBN that the NCP is looking to make a final decision based on the outcome of Shiv Sena-BJP talks on seat-sharing.
0

India triumphs in Mars mission  crowned first country to complete trip at maiden attemptIndia triumphs in Mars mission, crowned first country to complete trip at maiden attempt
Reuters | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 12:19  IST
Sep 24 2014, 12:19  IST
 

Jintendra Singh reaches Bangalore to witness success of Mars missionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mamata Banerjee blames media owners  opponents for negative state imageE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In Bihar  you may go to jail for missed calls towomenPress Trust of India | Patna | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:16 am
From now on, giving missed calls to women could land you up in jail in Bihar. A circular issued by CID Inspector General (Weaker Section) Arvind Pandey to all district Superintendents of Police (SPs) and Government Rail Police (GRP) SPs has directed them to ensure that police investigate and take action in such cases with utmost seriousness.
“Giving repeated missed calls to women is a serious issue. It makes them feel insecure and robs them of peace of mind. We have decided to count it as a crime of stalking under Section 354D (i) and (ii) of the IPC,” Pandey said.
Pandey, however, said police officials have been told to ignore the matter if missed calls are given once or twice, but crack the whip if they are repeated and with an intention to harass the women.
The idea of taking action against ‘missed call menace’ emerged during a two-day training programme for Station House Officers of women police stations in the state as well as awareness camps on crime against women that were conducted by the CID at several girls’ schools and colleges.

Orissa lodges vigilance case against MHA specialsecretaryPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneshwar | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:16 am
Orissa vigilance department on Wednesday lodged an FIR against , former director general of police and special secretary(internal security) in Ministry of Home Affairs over his alleged role in favouring some steel and cement suppliers to the tune of Rs 59 crore during his stint in Orissa Police Housing and Welfare Corporation.
Mishra, a 1977-batchofficer, was chairman cum managing director of OPHWC between 2006 and 2009, in the rank of additional DGP. Director of state vigilance KB Singh said a case under Prevention of Corruption Act and other sections of IPC was lodged against Mishra as he gave advance payment of Rs 59 crore to some steel and cement suppliers in 2009. Singh said a special audit was done which faulted Mishra. The CAG audit too found him at fault.
But senior IPS officials said the vigilance case was a move to scuttle Mishra’s chance of becoming the next CBI director. With the probe into the chitfund scam hotting up in Orissa, the Naveen Patnaik government was wary of Mishra heading CBI. Two days ago, CBI arrested former AG Ashok Mohanty in the chit fund case. The agency has also summoned 14 MLAs, MPs and ministers of ruling BJD for interrogation.
Though he served as State DGP between June 2012 and June 2014 and managed to control the Maoist meance in southern Orissa districts and conducted peaceful Assembly and Lok Sabha polls this year, Mishra had an uneasy relationship with the chief minister.
In June this year, Naveen shunted out to an inconsequential post a day after union home minister Rajnath Singh spoke to chief minister Naveen Pattnaik and recommended Mishra’s name for the post of special secretary in MHA. Naveen replaced Mishra in Sanjeev Marik, a relatively junior officer with a controversial past as new DGP. He was finally relieved last month for appointment as special secretary(internal security) in the Ministry of Home Affairs. Naveen was reportedly miffed with Mishra over the latter’s refusal to help his party during the last Assembly elections.
Though the State Government in December 2013 placed Mishra’s name in the offer list for central deputation, it had withdrawn the offer in May citing acute shortage of officers in IPS cadre.

Power cuts come to haunt people of Telangana againUpdated: September 25, 2014 00:49 IST
Power cuts come to haunt people of Telangana again
Swathi V.
The Hindu Four hour power cut has been imposed in Hyderabad while 5-8 hours load relief is back in district headquarters and mandals in Telangana. File Photo: K. RAMESH BABU
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Power holiday for industry likely to be resumed soon. Hyderabad city has been divided into three groups, A, B and C, and imposed with staggered power cuts of four hours a day, enforced in two spells of two hours each between 6 a.m. and 6 p.m.
The four tedious hours a day without power are back to haunt the city. On Wednesday morning, many areas in the city woke up to a two-hour power cut, resumed after lull of over a month. Two more hours followed in the noon, much to the chagrin of the consumers.
The Southern Power Distribution Company of Telangana Limited, later in the day, only confirmed the load reliefs imposed, by announcing the revised schedules.
District headquarters have gone back to power cuts of five hours a day, while for towns/municipalities it will be six hours, and mandal headquarters, eight hours per day, the official informed. Industrial power holidays, which had been revoked a month ago, are very likely to be resumed very soon.
The city has been divided into three groups, A, B and C, and imposed with staggered power cuts of four hours a day, enforced in two spells of two hours each between 6 a.m. and 6 p.m.
These are, by far, the most lengthy load relief schedules imposed in the non-summer months in the recent past. Water regulation to both Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar hydro power stations is cited as reason for the shortage.
“As long as there were inflows, we were allowed to generate power. Now, the Irrigation authorities have asked both Telangana and Andhra Pradesh States to cut down the generation, as there are no inflows,” a Discom official informed. Water allocation for both States together has been cut down from 60,000 cusecs to 25,000 cusecs, resulting in generation reduced by seven million units. While the TSSPDCL requires 4,100 MW of power, only 3,400 MW is available now, with the remaining 700 MW covered through load reliefs. Meanwhile, power generation was stalled at the NTPC Limited in Ramagundam on Wednesday following a technical snag in the 500 MW seventh unit.

Modi government is pro-business  outlook in the country has changed- Vodafone CEOModi government is pro-business  outlook in the country has changed- Vodafone CEO
Modi inaugurates facility for processing agri produceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ex-Bears coach Lovie Smith lists Lake Forest homeEx-Bears coach Lovie Smith lists Lake Forest home
Lovie Smith
Brian Cassella/Tribune
Former Chicago Bears head coach Lovie Smith bought the North Shore home in 2004.
Former Chicago Bears head coach Lovie Smith bought the North Shore home in 2004. (Brian Cassella/Tribune)
By Bob Goldsborough , Special to the Tribune
Lovie Smith puts home on the market
No more Lovie in Lake Forest?
Lake Forest might lose Lovie Smith
Former Chicago Bears head coach Lovie Smith, now head coach of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, has listed his 13-room brick house in Lake Forest for $1.999 million.
The Bears fired Smith, 56, at the end of 2012 after nine seasons as coach. He sat out the 2013 football season and signed with Tampa in January.
Now, Smith has moved to cut ties with his North Shore house, which he bought for $1.625 million in late 2004.

This Man Got A Surprise $117 000 Medical Bill From Doctor He Didn t Knowthis man got a surprise $117 000 medical bill from doctor he didn t know
Germans Say  Nein  to U.S. Companiesgermans say  nein  to u.s. companies
India backs info swap on black moneyNew Delhi, September 23, 2014
Updated: September 23, 2014 03:52 IST
India backs info swap on black money
Puja Mehra
economy (general)
India will support the proposed international automatic exchange of tax and banking information that is expected to aid unearthing and retrieving black money stashed offshore.
Forty-six countries, including India, have agreed to set rolling by 2017 the automatic exchange of information on tax evaders. This would be the key to prevent international tax evasion and avoidance and would be instrumental in getting information about unaccounted money stashed abroad and ultimately bringing it back, Minister of State for Finance Nirmala Sitharaman said at the meeting of G-20 Finance Ministers in Cairns, Australia.
At present, countries exchange information on the basis of requests and that too only on suspected tax evasion and other financial crimes. The proposed global standard would facilitate a systematic and periodic transmission of bulk taxpayer information by the source country of income to the country of residence of the taxpayer. Ms. Sitharaman called for all countries to amend their domestic laws to be able to exchange same level of information with other countries on a reciprocal basis. The implementation of these standards by developing countries could also improve domestic tax compliance as substantial amount of data received from financial institutions by the tax administration could be used for domestic tax purposes also, she said.

DEVAAN INGRAHAM / Reutersdevaan ingraham / reuters
Haven t ruled out other ways of settling tax dispute: Vodafone Group CEOVodafone ready to settle tax row outside arbitration
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 25, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Vodafone Group chief executive officer (CEO) Vittorio A Colao does not rule out the possibility of a settlement of his company’s Rs 16,000-crore tax dispute with the Indian government through a route other than the ongoing arbitration process that has just begun.
At a luncheon meeting with journalists here on Wednesday, Colao said he and his company, which ran the second largest telecom services in India, had great faith in the ‘civilised’ process of settling disputes through arbitration. But nothing outside that is ruled out, he said.  
The Indian government, on its part, has made it known that it would follow the arbitration path to resolve the tax dispute that arose in the wake of Vodafone’s purchase of overseas controlling shares in the Indian entity in 2007. The principal tax demand pertained to capital gains of an estimated Rs 7,900 crore, which with interest would have doubled over the past seven years. In addition, there is a penalty of at least 100 per cent of the principal amount.
Colao, who arrived here on Wednesday morning and was accompanied by Vodafone India CEO Marten Pieters, said he would be open to listing his company in India.  “I would love to list the company at the right time and with the right conditions so that Indian shareholders too benefit from the exercise,” he said. Explaining further, Pieters said for a listing to happen it was necessary to remove the uncertainty over the company’s renewal of the spectrum that was now a matter of a court dispute. If the company did not have a fall back option if it lost its spectrum at the time of its renewal through an auction, then there would be no business for the company and a listing would not be able to get the right value in such a situation, he said.
Expressing his confidence in the Indian market and the government, Colao said he was more optimistic about India than he was a few months ago. He, of course, expressed the hope that the merger and acquisition norms got better so that there were fewer players in the market offering better value to every stakeholder. “Up to four operators in any market is the ideal situation”, Colao said, adding that consolidation of telecom players in India was necessary to help the industry.
Colao said he would be bothered if there was an unfair regulatory situation, but he pointed out that it was not his job to judge the government. He felt Vodafone was bringing in a lot of money into the Indian market for investment and expansion of its operations in a bid to become a converged company. There was, however, need for the decision making process to be in tune with the political will of the government.
Translate intention into acts: Vodafone chief tells govt
Vodafone Group chief executive Vittorio A Colao on Wednesday said the Centre should “make sure political intentions (are) translated into administrative acts”.
After releasing the company’s fourth annual sustainability report here, he said though investor sentiment in India had improved after the National Democratic Alliance government came to power, “too much is locked in offices”.
“We need quick decisions. There are too many ‘non-logical’ rules and regulations in India,” Colao said, adding the private sector could deliver much better, provided rules were made simpler, enough resources provided and quick decisions taken.
“Everywhere in the world, we, the private sector, can deliver. We can deliver a lot of things for inclusive growth, including broadband and money transfer services,” he said. Colao complained about the scarcity of spectrum. “Issues such as spectrum are important…trust the private sector and you will see it will deliver. We are the real engine to drive the Digital India service,” he said.
So far, the company has invested Rs 70,000 crore in India. In a statement, the Vodafone CEO said: “In the last two decades, mobiles have truly transformed the way people engage and interact. In fields such as education, health care, agriculture and financial inclusion, the progress enabled by mobile is unparalleled. Importantly, the social development sector has also significantly benefited from advances in both mobile reach and technology.”
Vodafone India has donated Rs 1.2 crore, collected from its employees and their families, to Educate Girls, the company’s non-governmental organisation partner.

Baxter to market Merrimack s cancer drug outside U.S.Baxter to market Merrimack's cancer drug outside U.S.
A sign at Baxter's heaquarters
A sign at Baxter's Deerfield headquarters.
A sign at Baxter's Deerfield headquarters.
Food and Drug Administration
Baxter in deal with Merrimack to market pancreatic cancer drug outside of U.S.
Baxter International said Wednesday it is partnering with drug developer Merrimack Pharmaceuticals to develop and market its pancreatic cancer drug outside the United States.
In a relatively low-risk move, the Deerfield-based health care products company said it would pay Merrimack $100 million upfront and up to $870 million in future payments contingent on the drug meeting additional regulatory and sales requirements.
0
The drug, known now as MM-398, will fall under the purview of Baxter’s BioScience unit, which is expected to be spun off next year as a new, stand-alone company called Baxalta.
Cowen and Co. analysts said in a note that there was a strong chance of the drug getting U.S. approval and projected annual sales of more than $500 million in 2019.
The analysts expect MM-398 to be priced at $80,000 per patient per year, they added.
Merrimack is in the process of applying for U.S. approval of the drug. Baxter said it expects to apply for regulatory approvals outside of the U.S. in 2015.
“Oncology represents an exciting new area and growth driver for our biopharmaceutical business,” said Ludwig Hantson, president of Baxter BioScience, in a statement.
Pancreatic cancer affects about 140,000 people worldwide each year. In the U.S., about 46,000 are diagnosed and 40,000 die annually.
The Food and Drug Administration and European regulators have granted MM-398 orphan drug status in treating metastatic pancreatic cancer.
That designation makes it easier for companies to gain approval of the drug and seven years of exclusivity post-approval.

Jeffrey Hamilton / Getty Imagesjeffrey hamilton / getty images
U.S. new home sales at six-year high; supply increases0
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast sales falling to a 5.16 million-unit pace, from an upwardly revised rate of 5.18 million units in September.
"This is the first time in the year where we have seen a year over year annual gain, which means that existing home sales have made that successful U-turn," Lawrence Yun, NAR's chief economist, told reporters.
Housing is slowly regaining its footing after activity stalled in the second half of 2013 following a run-up in mortgage rates. While the sector continues to be hobbled by sluggish wage growth, a recent decline in mortgage rates should help support sales.
A separate report this week from the Mortgage Bankers Association showed applications for loans to purchase homes surged last week as low rates lured potential buyers.
(Reporting by Anna Yukhananov; Editing by Paul Simao)

VHP worker slaps Gujarat clericVHP worker slaps Imam Mehendi Hussain
Recommend
Link
2 months ago, TIMES NOW
A VHP worker allegedly slapped the Imam Mehendi Hussain when he was being produced in a court in Thasra, Kheda district. Police have arrested the VHP worker. The imam had been arrested by Kheda police for hurting religious sentiments yesterday when he said, "Garba is not religious but entertainment for Rakshasas."
More on TIMES NOW:

Government postpones decision on revision of natural gas pricesCabinet headed by PM Narendra Modi postpones decision on revision of natural gas prices
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 08.54PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The Cabinet headed by PM Narendra Modi deferred…)
NEW DELHI: Days ahead of its own deadline for the revision of natural gas prices , government today postponed a decision on it by another 45 days to November 15.
The NDA government, after coming to power, had put off implementation of the previous UPA-regime approved Rangarajan formula, which would have at least doubled rates to $8.4 per million British thermal unit, till September 30 for holding wider consultations.
The Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi deferred a decision on the issue till November 15, Law and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters here.
Incidentally, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley did not attend today's Cabinet meeting as he is yet to be discharged from the hospital where he was admitted on Sunday evening for a post-surgery check-ups.
The UPA government had in June last year approved a price formula suggested by a panel headed by C Rangarajan and re-confirmed it in December 2013 with certain conditions for Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
The formula was to be implemented from April 1, 2014 but before a rate could be notified, general elections were announced and Election Commission asked the then government to defer it till completion of polls.
On June 25, the new BJP-led government deferred it for a further three months as it found doubling of rates as per the approved formula unpalatable.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had recently told Parliament that a new gas price will be announced by September end.
In August-end, the government constituted a four-member panel of secretaries to review the formula. The committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertiliser and expenditure with additional secretary in the Oil Ministry as its member secretary, last week submitted its recommendation on a new pricing mechanism.
The deferment will also provide political relief to the NDA government which faces crucial electoral test in assembly elections in Maharasthra and Haryana.
Any increase in gas price would have translated into higher power tariff and CNG and piped cooking gas rates.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government -- about USD 2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, according to Oil Ministry estimates.
Sources said there were also sharp difference between Oil Ministry and Power Ministry over the quantum of increase.
While the Oil Ministry is in favour of remunerative gas price that will encourage investments in exploration and production, the Power Ministry does not want rates to be hiked by more than 25 per cent over the current price of USD 4.2 per mmBtu as a higher fuel cost will push up electricity tariff.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airbus Lifts Long-Term Aircraft Demand ForecastAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Affordable housing to drive growth in real e...affordable housing
(Real estate sector body…)
NEW DELHI: Housing policies for affordable housing will be the driver of reviving growth in the realty sector , a senior government official said today.
Housing for all by 2022 is also the key agenda of the new government. Despite the visible benefits, the housing sector is facing myriad challenges in terms of regulatory and policy challenges, Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation Karan Bir Singh Sidhu said.
Sidhu was speaking at the conference on real estate 'Reviving Growth for Real Estate in the National Capital Region jointly organised by Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and CREDAI NCR, here today.
"Government policies for affordable housing will be the key enabler for the reviving growth in real estate in National Capital Region," Sidhu said in a statement.
Speaking at the same event, CII Northern Region and President-Building & Industrial Systems Zubin Irani said that the real estate sector is the growth engine of the Indian economy and the economic contribution of the sector is projected to doubled by 2025.
Irani added that Delhi NCR markets are currently undergoing a trough phase in the real estate market cycle which also helps in reviving the growth in terms of real estate.
Real estate sector body CREDAI NCR Rohit Raj Modi said that Delhi NCR represents around 55 per cent of housing market.
"All NCR states are attractive investments destinations for the real estate. To discard the shortage of housing sector, not only private sectors, but also lots of policies and efficient surface transport are required,"Modi said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hampton set to take helm at GSKGlaxoSmithKline appoints Sir Philip Hampton as chairman
By Andrew Ward and Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b437b498-43f7-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/Y3D0D6Wal-Mart introduces checking account service
Walmart is partnering with Green Dot to launch personal banking service
Post to Facebook
Wal-Mart introduces checking account service Walmart is partnering with Green Dot to launch personal banking service Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1spJnyS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Wal-Mart introduces checking account service
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 7:23 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Video Keywords Wal-Mart Brittany Umar direct deposit MasterCard New York
Walmart is now offering GoBank, a checking account product from Green Dot Bank. The company says its checking accounts don't have overdraft, minimum balance or monthly fees with qualifying direct deposits of $500 a month. Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  The next time you shop at Wal-Mart the retailer want
00:02  you to pick up and checking account while Maher is now
00:05  offering go bank at checking account product from green got bank.
00:09  The company said that checking -- don't have overdraft minimum balance
00:12  or monthly fees with qualifying direct deposit of 500 dollars a
00:16  month. Wal-Mart US senior vice president of service says Daniel Acker
00:20  said. Adding that go bank checking account you are down meet
00:23  our customer while hot exclude the fact that the one of
00:26  them both a portable. Ink was that an -- he's checking
00:29  account in the industry. Green dot believed customers will find low
00:33  -- among the most attractive features of the -- bank checking
00:36  account with will be linked to MasterCard debit card. It also
00:40  both easy money management are on the go consumers like pay
00:43  anyone bill pay and budgeting tool. As well as early payroll
00:47  direct deposit and then bite on spending from go thanks fortune
00:50  teller feature. The product will be available nationwide at the end
00:54  of October. In New York I'm Brittany Umar and history.
Wal-Mart says it'll introduce a checking account service through Green Dot.
(Photo: AP)
257 CONNECT 96 TWEET 69 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Wal-Mart is getting into personal banking.
In a partnership with Green Dot, Wal-Mart announced Wednesday that it'll launch a checking account service that will be linked to a MasterCard debit card and simplify fees paid by customers.
Available at Walmart stores by the end of October, GoBank will charge $8.95 a month but will waive the fee if customers consent to a monthly direct deposit of $500. Other fees that are associated with "free" checking accounts at commercial banks — for overdraft, not maintaining a minimum balance or writing bad checks — are waived, it says.
Customers can also use a network of 42,000 ATMs without paying withdrawal fees, it says.
"GoBank is breaking down the barriers to traditional banking and brings the benefits of a FDIC-insured checking account that's loaded with features to a large segment of Americans," says Steve Streit, founder and CEO of Green Dot.
Wal-Mart has broadened its in-store services over the years, adding health care clinics, tax services and money transfers. But it saw an opportunity to expand financial and banking-related services for budget-minded customers who sought to avoid fees and credit checks.
The service is largely aimed at customers who are unable to land traditional bank accounts due to low credit scores and other financial issues. With many banks now requiring a credit check, many paycheck-to-paycheck customers turn to check-cashing companies or other financial-service providers that charge exorbitantly high fees.
Wal-Mart offers lower-fee money transfer service
"GoBank gives our customers yet another option as to how they manage their money," says Daniel Eckert, senior vice president of services for Walmart U.S., in a statement.
Wal-Mart and Green Dot noted that an independent study by Bretton Woods estimates that consumers pay about $218 to $314 a year for a basic checking account.
GoBank, which is insured by FDIC, will also offer other services that are common at other banks, including bill pay, a debit MasterCard and a free money-transfer service that can be used among GoBank customers.
Customers wishing to sign up will not undergo a credit check, but GoBank uses "proprietary underwriting techniques to allow almost any consumer who passes ID verification to open an account," it says.
Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) rose 2% to close at $77.08 on Wednesday, and Green Dot (GDOT) surged 24.4% to $23.41.
257 CONNECT 96 TWEET 69 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1spJnyS
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Grand jury could make decision on Ferguson shooting by NovemberBy Mark Berman and Kimberly Kindy September 24 Follow @markberman Follow @kimberlykindy
A memorial for Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. (Jeff Roberson/AP)
The grand jury considering whether to indict the Ferguson, Mo., police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown could come to a decision by November, St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch said Wednesday.
Jurors have received an extension that allows them to consider the case until early January , which means the decision on Darren Wilson could come nearly five months after Brown was killed. But the jury will not need that much time, according to McCulloch.
“Initially, when we first start presenting we said mid-October, which was a pretty aspirational date,” he told The Washington Post on Wednesday. “Now, it is looking like very late October, probably going into the first or second week of November even.”
McCulloch had originally said it would take until October to present all of the evidence to the grand jury, which is only hearing evidence related to the shooting. It was announced last week that the jury’s deadline had been pushed back to Jan. 7.
The entire grand jury process is taking longer because of the way evidence is being presented to jurors, he said. McCulloch’s office is taking an unusual approach with this grand jury. Rather than waiting for the police investigation to wrap up, evidence is being presented to jurors as it arrives.
“It’s gone slower than I anticipated,” he said Wednesday. “The witnesses have taken longer than we thought they would.”
He said in some cases, witnesses have given statements to the media, the FBI and county police. Each of those are being presented to the grand jury. In addition, as witnesses are testifying, jurors are asking a number of questions.
The standing St. Louis County grand jury was originally going to be in session until September, but the term was extended just for this case. The grand jury consists of one black man, two black women, six white men and three white women.
McCulloch said during an interview  Wednesday morning with the St. Louis radio station 550-KTRS that the January extention stemmed from “an abundance of caution,” but he also said nobody expects the jurors will need that long.
This timeframe and the unusual process both stem from the magnitude of the case being considered by jurors, he said during the radio interview.
“There’s an enormous amount of evidence that is being presented to the grand jury that, in most cases, wouldn’t happen,” McCulloch said. “But because this case is so significant, in our community certainly, there are a lot more people coming in to testify than there would otherwise be.”
Protesters and elected leaders have called on McCulloch to be replaced by a special prosecutor, pointing to his personal history . One such protest resulted in multiple arrests earlier this month. McCulloch has repeatedly declined to step aside and has said he is “fair and impartial.”
It is unclear what will ultimately happen with the grand jury. Wilson could be charged with murder or manslaughter, or he could avoid indictment altogether.
The grand jury’s decision  could set off another series of protests and confrontations between police and residents in the Ferguson area. Even though the nightly clashes between residents and militarized police officers following Brown’s death have subsided, turmoil still exists in the region.
This was evident in the events that unfolded the day before McCulloch’s radio interview. Police and protesters faced off in the streets on Tuesday night , several hours after a memorial for Michael Brown was destroyed in a fire , in a scene that evoked the heated situation last month. Two police officers suffered minor injuries in the fray, and five people were arrested.
This post has been updated. Last update: 4:24 p.m.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
Kimberly Kindy is a government accountability reporter at The Washington Post.

214 coal blocks cancelled214 coal blocks cancelled
IKEA inks MoU with Karnataka  TelanganaIKEA inks MoU with Karnataka  Telangana
BSE expands A group; shifts 90 B group cos to ABSE expands A group; shifts 90 B group cos to A
Lighter shade of paleLighter shade of pale
Red Cross volunteers attacked in Guinea while trying to bury an Ebola victimBy Elahe Izadi September 24 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Red Cross workers wearing protective suits carry the body of an Ebola victim in Conakry, the capital of Guinea, on Sept. 14. (Cellou Binani/AFP/Getty Images)
In yet another violent illustration of the danger health workers face as they scramble to control the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history, six Red Cross volunteers in Guinea were attacked Tuesday while trying to collect the body of a person who is believed to have died from the disease.
One of the volunteers went to the hospital with a neck injury following the attack in Forecariah, a town in western Guinea, and has since been released, said Benoit Carpentier, spokesman for the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
"It was during a normal activity, which they run every day," Carpentier said. "They were called by the authorities to come and collect a body in the community. They got a green light to go and when they were about to leave the place, after preparing the body and heading to the cemetery, they were attacked by a group of men."
Resident Mariam Barr told the Associated Press that relatives of the dead person started the attack. The men vandalized the volunteers' cars, and the situation escalated, eventually leading to a crowd throwing rocks at the regional health office, according to AP. Carpentier couldn't confirm the identity of the attackers nor reports of a mob congregating at the health office.
The attack came less than a week after the bodies of eight people , including health workers disseminating information about Ebola, were found dead in a village latrine in a remote part of southeastern Guinea. The eight, including three journalists, had been "killed in cold blood by the villagers" on Sept. 16, a Guinean government spokesman told the BBC . They were found two days later.
A local Red Cross official was seriously injured by armed men in the Sept. 16 attack.
Carpentier said health workers have been targeted as they try to battle misinformation, fear and doubts over the virus , which have persisted since the outbreak began in a Guinea border town, Guéckédou.
“We have to convince communities that we’re on their side and everything that has been done there is to help and try to tackle the disease; it’s not an easy task," he said. "We are trying to shift from doing massive social mobilization, which has been done from the beginning of the outbreak … to more of what we call community engagement. That means really going into the community -- every single community -- and talking to people."
But the communities throughout Guinea have not necessarily been receptive to the message -- or, more accurately, the messengers.
The Ebola outbreak has brought health workers and other outsiders in terrifying moon suits into villages in remote, conflict-burdened parts of the country, and their presence has been met with violence on multiple occasions.
Last month, in a market in Nzerekore, residents panicked when Red Cross workers began spraying disinfectant after a funeral.
"Ebola is a lie!” they shouted. There were reports of gunshots.
"A rumor, which was totally false, spread that we had sprayed the market in order to transmit the virus to locals," Youssouf Traore, president of the Guinean Red Cross, said at the time, according to the BBC .
In July, the Red Cross suspended its Ebola operations in southeast Guinea "for safety reasons," after locals brandishing knives surrounded a Red Cross vehicle.
According to the World Health Organization , 632 people have died from Ebola in Guinea through Sept. 20.
Abby Phillip contributed to this report.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Claude Smadja: Look at Europe  and worryClaude Smadja: Look at Europe, and worry
Claude Smadja |  Sep 24, 2014 09:50 PM IST
Since 2010, the world economy has looked like a patient who whenever his condition shows signs of improvement is suddenly instead in danger of regressing immediately to a more alarming status. The optimistic chorus at the beginning of 2014, according to which the global economy would strengthen in the course of the year, with Europe gradually coming out of its crisis, has now been muted. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is expected to revise downward its global growth forecast for 2014, and it is more obvious by the day that the euro zone is stuck in - at best - an infinitesimal growth mode, with deflation looming larger and larger.
When surveying different economic regions of the world, prospects fluctuate from one part to the other; but one reality emerges very starkly: Europe represents today the greatest risk for the global economy, and developments there need to be watched very closely in the months ahead, as they could well create another drag on the global economy.
Starting with the United States, it is now clear that the country is on the road to a sustained recovery and that the conditions are met for the United States Federal Reserve to end its quantitative-easing/economic-stimulus programme next month, as it planned. United States gross domestic product (GDP) growth increased to 4.2 per cent annualised for the second quarter of the year with all economic indicators moving upward. The United States banking system is in a sound situation, having now cleansed itself from the impact of the 2008 crisis, and American corporations are awash with cash to the tune of an aggregate amount of more than $3 trillion. However, the United States recovery is not strong enough for the country to once again play the role of the economic locomotive of the world, or the market of last resort for other economies.
Turning to China, every indicator provides the evidence of a slowdown as the process of economic restructuring is getting under way. The leadership in Beijing has come to terms with single-digit growth as the new normal for China's economy and recognises that growth in the second part of the decade might be around five to six per cent. However, it will do what is necessary to achieve its stated objective of 7.4 per cent of growth for 2014, because it cannot afford a precipitous decline of economic activity.
So while there will not be any new grand stimulus programme, the recent injection by the People's Bank of China of $80 billion into the banking system to increase the supply of credit shows that the government has a number of instruments available to ensure that growth does not decline below a certain level deemed necessary. The picture that emerges from China is, thus, one of an economy that should be able to stay a moderate course - barring some unforeseen developments that could unleash a negative turn of events - but will be much less of the stimulus factor than it has been in the last 10 years for other economies in Asia or in Latin America.
The world's third largest economy, Japan, is in a different situation: Abenomics - the economic-revival programme launched by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the beginning of 2013 - offers the first real opportunity to get the Japanese economy back on a growth path after 20 years of deflation. The first two "arrows" of Abenomics - with quantitative easing, or QE, launched by the Bank of Japan and measures to move towards restoring fiscal sustainability - have played their role. The Nikkei index is now at around 16,000 compared to 8,600 when the Abe Cabinet took office, and the Consumer Price Index has moved from -0.5 per cent in 2013 to 1.5 per cent now. The Bank of Japan will not exit from its ultra-loose monetary policy before achieving the two per cent inflation target, even if this takes longer than expected.
However, it is the third arrow of Abenomics - measures to spur overall productivity, strengthen the services sector, revitalise agriculture and reform unsustainable social systems - that is the most crucial in remaking Japan an active contributor to world economic growth. While corporate Japan has begun recovering some of its animal spirits, the decline of GDP in the second quarter, due to an increase in the consumption tax from five to eight per cent, shows that there is still a long way to go before Abenomics can be declared a success. One reason for cautious optimism is that Mr Abe and his Cabinet are moving ahead - albeit with more caution than some would like to see - with the realisation that this might be the last chance to get Japan out of irreversible decline.
Unfortunately, this cautious optimism would sound like fanciful wishful thinking if applied to the euro zone. It is now obvious that the very nature of the European crisis makes it impossible to solve it by relying only on an easing of monetary policy while forcing the countries in crisis to keep a growth-adverse fiscal policy. Yes, a number of structural reforms are acutely needed in all the countries involved. But forcing the bitter medicine of painful reforms down the throat of an already weak patient while keeping him on absolute diet might end up killing him. At least, this is inflicting tremendous suffering, in terms of stubbornly high joblessness rates, and very serious damages to the social and political cohesion of the countries concerned with long-term consequences.
The poor results of the European Central Bank's last episode of QE lite, when European banks took only euro 80 billion of the euro 170 billion of loans offered to them at a fire-sale rate, have shown that it is not just a question of having more money floating in the euro zone. It is a matter of confidence and growth prospects - those are needed to give banks and companies a reason to take loans and invest. As long as stringent austerity is enforced on countries in crisis, economic stagnation will endure with ever higher joblessness rates (look at the latest figures in France and Italy, and the minimal improvement in Spain) and ratios of debt-to-GDP that are, in many cases, continuing to deteriorate. Improvement in the Greek or Irish economies is just gloss, irrelevant in the larger euro-zone picture.
In other words, an easing of too-stringent fiscal policies - allowing for more time to reduce the fiscal deficits of the countries in crisis - is a sine qua non. This is what the exasperated Americans are asking from their European friends; this is what Paris and Rome are quasi-begging for. This is what even the IMF recommends. Unfortunately, this is not what Berlin wants to hear. Chancellor Angela Merkel and her finance minister continue to rely on export-led growth and huge current-account surpluses and refuse to boost domestic consumption, for instance, with projects that would revamp Germany's ailing infrastructure and support economic activity in other euro-zone countries. The only question is whether, and when, the financial markets will realise the risks involved in this absurd obduracy, and will again get into some jittery mode that will create new tremors for the global economy.
The writer is president of Smadja & Smadja, a strategic advisory firm
Twitter: @ClaudeSmadja

T S Vishwanath: Let s talk  sustainable  businessT S Vishwanath: Let's talk 'sustainable' business
T S Vishwanath |  Sep 24, 2014 09:48 PM IST
At a recent conference in Berlin, Germany, think tanks and industry from emerging nations discussed the issue of sustainability and its impact on business. Discussions at the summit, organised jointly by the Economic Policy Forum and the Emerging Markets Multinationals Forum, were focused on sustainability as a means of building competitiveness for engaging in global markets. Many issues were discussed and some had a direct bearing on trade.
Sustainability, companies felt, was not just an objective or even an act of corporate social responsibility. It can be a business proposition. More importantly, they felt that sustainability should not have a one-size-fits-all approach.
The drivers for sustainable investments in the emerging world, it was pointed out by a few, will be influenced by some serious indicators. First was the desire to tap the large domestic market while remaining competitive in global markets. It is important to note, at this point, that according to McKinsey, half of the Fortune 500 companies will be from the emerging world by 2030, with China accounting for the lion's share and, therefore, their commitment to sustainability assumes importance.
Second was the urge among a large number of companies to address the issue of inclusive growth and remaining aligned with the larger national objective in each country.
Companies confirmed that the first pillar of competitiveness will be driven by three factors: the constraint on resources and the need to manage and conserve them. It will also be driven by the need for innovation to ensure that products can be created for the large sections of people with limited spending power. Most emerging market multinationals and policy analysts believe that the large market at the bottom of the pyramid can help in creating sustainable business models since they provide the scale and platform to experiment and innovate.
One point that industry said needed far greater attention in the sustainability debate is the role of free trade agreements and the increase of global value chains in ensuring the creation of sustainable business.
Free trade agreements, especially the mega trade agreements that are being negotiated, could play an important role in increasing the pressure on companies for building sustainable business. These agreements will call for greater emphasis on technology, innovation and the judicious use of resources.
Another point of discussion was the role of the services sector in helping companies focus on sustainability. Since services today account for a large share in a manufactured product, they also drive the move towards sustainable business models through innovation and better processes. Service companies can build a strong business model by helping the manufacturing sector create sustainable products.
This discussion at the summit fitted with the vision Prime Minister Narendra Modi provided in his Independence Day speech, when he urged companies in India to produce with "zero defect and zero effect".
With several companies in India, especially in the small and medium sector, looking to become a part of global value chains, there is a need to focus on innovation. Innovation can help co-create intellectual property rights that can develop the strategic fit for companies in value chains since it will help them develop sustainable and inexpensive products.
While some companies in India do focus on innovation, a majority of them do not realise the importance of this feature to expand their footprint in the global marketplace. The government and industry should, therefore, consider giving a strong push to innovation. As of now, innovation resides in pockets within the industry. This needs to be broadened.
There is an urgent need to consider a national innovation policy that is jointly developed by industry and the government, which can help small and medium sector companies deepen their participation in global markets.
The writer is Principal Adviser at APJ-SLG Law Offices

Pavan Srinath: Setting our sights beyond MarsPavan Srinath: Setting our sights beyond Mars
Pavan Srinath |  Sep 24, 2014 09:46 PM IST
The Indian space programme achieved a great success on Wednesday, with the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro)'s Mars Orbiter Mission successfully manoeuvring into a Martian orbit early in the morning. The orbiter now has to settle into its new orbit, activate cameras and sensors that were lying dormant for the journey, and start observing the Red Planet and beaming back what it finds.
While we must congratulate the people who made this happen, it is never too early to ask what should come next.
India should set its sights squarely on human spaceflight, now that Isro has successfully proved that it can reach Mars. Since Isro took to Facebook and social media last October, it has sparked curiosity and got people interested in science, while instilling in them a sense of national pride. Human spaceflight can take this to the next level, and be instrumental in shaping an entire generation of aspiring astronauts, scientists and engineers.
The target of human spaceflight is necessary because successful space programmes need visible goals to orient themselves and not get lost along the way. They also need public confidence and steady government support since the development cycles are long.
Space exploration is primarily a pursuit of excellence: of exploring the unexplored, doing the impossible and pushing the frontiers of knowledge and human ability. As India has seen in the last decade, having ambitious plans to get to Mars and the moon inspired Isro to step up its game.
Clear targets like human spaceflight breed innovation and spark creativity. For the Mars mission to succeed, various Isro wings had to align their objectives and work at their best, as a complex mission requires flawless execution. Isro needed to figure out deep space communication, precision orbital planning for such a long and complex journey, as well as mechanics and electronics that leave little room for error - and they had to do all of this within a tight deadline.
Similarly, human spaceflight will require Isro to develop technologies for more powerful launch vehicles capable of transporting larger capsules to space. It will need the ability to re-enter the atmosphere and reach back to earth safely. It will also need all the trappings necessary for humans to survive and thrive while in space, and more. These skills and technologies are transferable, and will eventually aid Isro's other efforts and the economy at large.
However, India will find it extraordinarily difficult to achieve human spaceflight without changing three things.
First, Isro's annual budget needs to be doubled by 2015. The department of space's budget estimate for 2014-15 is Rs 7,200 crore, probably lower than 2013-14's Rs 6,800 crore once you account for inflation. Further, the Rs 7,200 crore is just 0.4 per cent of Union government expenditure, and less than 0.07 per cent of India's gross domestic product. India's space programme simply needs more money if it needs to do a lot more.
However, spending more on space is difficult, as we tend to make a virtue out of the inexpensiveness of our space programme. As I had written in Business Standard in December last year, Isro spent much more than Rs 450 crore on the Mars mission, and did not count staff salaries, the expense of using Isro facilities and equipment and more*. In all, the Mars mission may well have cost us over Rs 1,000 crore, and human spaceflight may end up costing more than Rs 10,000 crore. India needs to commit itself to spending what it takes.
Second, the Indian space programme needs to take the public into confidence. The dream of human spaceflight needs to be shared by Isro, national leaders and the public. We have a prime minister who stands by the Indian space programme. Not only does he retain the space portfolio with him, he speaks often about Isro, and also visited Bangalore to catch the Mars orbital insertion live from the Isro Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network centre. With public support at hand, there is no reason the Isro budget cannot be doubled and safeguarded, even with a large fiscal deficit.
John F Kennedy gave one of his most memorable speeches in September 1962, telling the American public why NASA is trying to put a man on the moon. At the time, NASA did not really know how to do it, and it took till 1969 for that vision to become reality. We need the same vision and public articulation for India's space programme.
Third, Isro needs to complete its organisational transformation to one that is outward-looking and attracts global talent. Isro's work in the last century took place in a culture of isolation, when India was cut off from advanced technologies developed elsewhere in the world. This is no longer true today. Isro is already partnering with NASA, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, China National Space Administration and others on a variety of projects, but it needs to go beyond it.
While Isro is struggling to get its big GSLV Mk-III launch vehicle off the ground, the private agency SpaceX has succeeded in developing the Falcon 9, a large vehicle capable of launching over 13,000 kilograms to low earth orbit. This is slightly more powerful than the GSLV Mk-III, and about nine times as powerful as the PSLV. SpaceX also has an edge in other technologies such as re-entry vehicles and reusable vehicles. Isro should partner with national and private space agencies across the world. Isro can do this today not as a supplicant or a buyer, but as a confident partner, sometimes competing and sometimes collaborating with various agencies, and learning from each other.
In 1984, Russians helped the Indian cosmonaut Rakesh Sharma get to space. In 1997, Indian-born Kalpana Chawla made it to space as an American astronaut. The time has come for India to take on the mantle, and put an Indian in space before 2020.
The writer is the head of policy research at the Takshashila Institution, an independent think tank and school of public policy.
*Running the space marathon, December 16

Business eyes a less clear form of graftWhy corruption is a messy business
By David Pilling
Managers have to figure out how to avoid paying bribes – or how to pay without being caught
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/598aa4dc-426d-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The first-ever video of octopus cannibalismBy Rachel Feltman September 24 Follow @rachelfeltman
Divers have captured video of an octopus eating another octopus for the first time. (Manuel E. Garci, Cefaparques Project, IIM-CSIC)
It's not all love and hugs in the octopus world: Sometimes, these cunning predators turn on each other. Above, you can witness the first video evidence of cannibalism in a common octopus.
In one of the three instances reported in a new study in the Journal of Comparative Psychology, the camera also captured mussels -- a more acceptable delicacy for an octopus to enjoy -- sitting nearby. So the octopus on film wasn't even desperate when it chose to chow down on its smaller comrade.
In two of the clips, the prey are already dead -- and the tips of their tentacles are eaten. But in the second clip shown, the intended meal is actually still alive. The divers disturbed the predatory octopus, scaring it off of its prey.
These larger octopodes are probably just being logical, Live Science reports : For a large enough octopus, snagging a smaller member of the same species gets them more bang for their buck than hunting down a bunch of tiny mussels.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Apple customers discover unexpected flexibility in iPhone 6 PlusE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Column: Jayalalithaas day of reckoningE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Letter to the editor: Baby stepsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Greening TradeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Dengue-Blocking Mosquito Released in BrazilAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

US likely to revive defence trade during PMs visitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Make in India uphill task for ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Revamped skill plan to be launchedtodayPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:13 am
The Rural Development Ministry is set to relaunch its skill development programme Aajeevika as the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaush-alya Yojana on Thursday. The programme has been reva-mped to put greater focus on employability by tuning it to global standards and to widen the scope of those eligible.
According to a ministry official, the new scheme seeks to reposition rural India as a resource that can support the needs of the global manufacturing industry, in tune with Prime Minister Narendra Mo-di’s ‘Make in India’ campaign.
“We are looking at how we can fulfill global manpower demand. We want to take it right upto international standards. We want people to be placed globally. We have identified seven such countries with huge manpower requirement,” the official said, adding that the countries included US, Japan, Russia, Germany, France, UK and China.
Besides focusing on providing employment and tuning the quality to global benchmarks, the revamped scheme has expanded the eligibility criterion to include apart from MGNREGS workers, RSBY card holders, Antodaya and BPL PDS card holders.

Janata Parivar reunion at INLD eventtodayPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:10 am
In an apparent bid to “make a fresh move to reunite” the Janata Dal family, top leaders of JD(U), JD(S), Samajwadi Party and Samajwadi Janata Party would attend an INLD function in Jind on Thursday to mark the 100th birth anniversary of former deputy PM Choudhary Devi Lal.
Though the “Samman Samaroh” is being described as a “social function” to pay respect to the leader of farmers, the gathering of former Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, JD(U) president Sharad Yadav, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, former prime minister and JD(S) leader H D Deve Gowda and Samajwadi Janata Party leader Kamal Morarka assumes political significance ahead of Assembly polls in Haryana. RJD chief Lalu Prasad will not attend the function due to medical reasons.
SAD chief and Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal would also be attending the function.
JD(U)’s Rajya Sabha MP K C Tyagi told The Indian Express: “Besides Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav, we have confirmation on Mulayam Singh, Deve Gowda and Prakash Singh Badal attending the function being organised by INLD.”
Tyagi, who would also attend the event, said Badal’s presence would stand out because Akali Dal is a part of NDA and it knows that BJP and INLD have no tie-up to contest the upcoming Assembly polls. “Even though the function is an occasion to show gratitude to memory of great farmer leader Devi Lal, the reunion will revive memories of Janata Dal of 1989 when all these stalwarts were together,” said Tyagi believing the Janata parivar would come together sooner or later to counter BJP.
He said JD(U) coming together with RJD was the first step to reunite Janata parivar. RJD chief had also requested Mulayam Singh and Mayawati to come together during recent Assembly bypolls in Uttar Pradesh.
RJD spokesperson Mrityunjay Tiwari said: “Though Laluji will not be able to attend because of doctors’ advice to rest after heart surgery, the party may send its emissary to attend Jind function to express solidarity. Laluji has welcomed the move of reuniting Janata family.”
INLD has been claiming that lakhs of people would be attending the event, and that it would be an eye-opener for the rival parties in the Haryana Assembly elections.
“We are apprehending that Congress would attempt to spoil the show by creating hurdles in the path of people wanting to reach the rally venue. Thus, to clear the road blockades and traffic jams, we have hired recovery vehicles and JCB machines,” said Dushyant Chautala, INLD’s MP from Hisar.
(With ENS, Chandigarh)

Camera clicks away  methane huntnextPrint
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:06 am
Over the next couple of weeks, ISRO will test and put to use the five scientific instruments it carried as a 15 kg payload on the spacecraft. A Mars Color Camera has already kicked into action, clicking images of the surface of Mars at 8.30 am shortly after the spacecraft was captured into orbit. Scientists said the first images were received at mission control by noon; the data is under process.
Detection of methane using a sensor is one of the key objectives of the mission. The spacecraft has achieved a favourable position, ISRO officials said: it is circling in an orbit whose nearest point to Mars is at 421.7 km and farthest at 76,993.6 km. The spacecraft will take three earth days to circle Mars once.
The other instruments are Mars Exospheric Neutral Composition Analyzer (MENCA), a TIR Spectrometer (TIS) and a Lyman-Alpha Photometer (LAP). These will be tested and deployed over the next week.
“The primary objective of this first mission is technology — that is how to reach there. We also will have scientific instruments to investigate the atmosphere of Mars,” ISRO chairman K Radhakrishnan had stated during the planning stage of the mission.
According to the Department of Space, the “Indian initiative will demonstrate capability to reach the Martian atmosphere. It will bring strategic advantage to India in the international decision-making process on matters related to Mars.”
The spacecraft has a predicted life span of six months and scientists are confident that the tenure will be completed on account of the availability of fuel. India’s maiden moon mission, Chandrayaan 1, suffered a premature end after systems developed heating problems.

House row: RLD invites top oppn leaders to farmersrallyPrint
Written by Amit Sharma | Meerut | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:05 am
The  Rashtriya Lok Dal and the Bharatiya Kisan Union  will hold a mahapanchayat in Meerut on October 12. Opposition leaders have been invited to the event to build pressure on the NDA government  for converting RLD chief Ajit Singh’s 12, Tughlaq Road bungalow into his father’s memorial.
For the mahapanchayat, that has been named Kisan Swabhiman Rally, invitations have been sent to SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, RJD chief Lalu Prasad, JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar, Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda and former PM H D Deve Gowda.
JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav, it is learnt, has been given the responsibility to ensure the participation of these leaders, who were once followers of Ajit Singh’s father and former PM Chaudhary Charan Singh.  “Now, it is time that all of them come on one platform,” said Munna Singh Chauhan, RLD’s state chief.
RLD and BKU supporters have been holding protests against the move of civic authorities to disconnect power and water supply to the bungalow after Ajit Singh did not comply with the eviction notice. They want the bungalow to be named as a memorial for the farmer leader.

High anxiety  brief blackoutthen OrbitPrint
ISRO scientists and other officials celebrate the success of the mission at Mars Orbiter Command Network complex in Bangalore on Wednesday. ( Source: PTI )
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:02 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 1:04 am
Moments after ISRO’s Mars Orbiter Mission spacecraft sent communication indicating that its insertion into an orbit around Mars was successful, a bunch of tense young scientists at the Mission Operations Centre let out shouts of delight. They had been waiting anxiously, wondering if the commands they had uploaded to the spacecraft would execute on time.
While there was a general sense of assurance that everything was in order — especially after the spacecraft automatically executed commands on September 22 to fire up the main engine that had been lying idle for 300 days — there was a sense of anxiety on Wednesday over execution of each of the commands uploaded to the spacecraft even among the senior scientists in the mission.
“There were some tense moments for us because we were receiving only low quantities of data at some key points on Wednesday when the engine was starting and its performance could not be estimated. Due to this there were a few anxious moments in the mission control room,” said mission director for the Mars Orbit Insertion operation Dr V Kesava Raju.
For most of the scientists at mission control, this was the first time they were tracking a spacecraft in deep space at a radio communication distance of 225 million km where a message takes 12½ minutes to travel one way. This communication lag resulted in scientists at ISRO for the first time preloading commands to the intelligent spacecraft 10 days in advance and hoping it would execute on cue.
“All the commands loaded on board were executed at the precise time they were meant to be. There were some anxieties because the eclipse began earlier than predicted and communication was available only for a short period after the engine started at 7.17 am making it difficult to determine performance,” Dr Raju said.
According to the scientists, the communication shutdown happened shortly after the engine provided a velocity of 177 metres per sec even as ISRO scientists were expecting more velocity at the end of a four-minute period when communication was available. “However calculations revealed that the engine was performing well for the limited period that data was available,” a mission operation scientist said.
“There is a sense of elation and relief when each command your team has created and uploaded to the spacecraft is executed perfectly,” said Bijay Kumar Rai, a mission operation scientist. “The feeling is the same as what you feel when your children grow up and behave the way you wanted them to,” said top mission scientist M Pitchamani.
A second key group whose work was at stake were the creators of the liquid engine, the main propulsion system. “Much of our worries continued…

Supreme Court forms panel to assess reliefoperationsPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:51 am
The Supreme Court on Wednesday formed a five-member committee to assess the ground situation in the flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir.
The panel will be headed by a senior registrar of Jammu and Kashmir High Court and will have secretary (revenue, relief and rehabilitation) of the state, a nominee of the central government and the two presidents of J&K Bar Association as its other members.
A bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha ordered the setting up of the committee so as to take stock of the rescue and rehabilitation operations in the state and report back to the court with incontrovertible findings.
The court directed the committee to file its report within two weeks before it and also before the J&K High Court, where a PIL on the issue of securing relief to flood victims has been filed separately.

Boost for Indias credentials as launch pad for neighboursNEW DELHI, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 01:24 IST
Boost for India’s credentials as launch pad for neighbours
Sandeep Dikshit
PTI Officials and staff of the American Embassy in New Delhi congratulate India on the successful Mars mission.
TOPICS
space programme
Many smaller nations aiming to put their satellites into space before next year
With the success of Mangalyaan, India has boosted its credentials as a potential launch pad for its resource-strapped neighbours, said a senior government official on Wednesday. That it was able, outdoing China’s efforts to land on Mars, to achieve the feat at a much lower cost than previous U.S. missions would give India greater confidence.
“China has been more proactive in our neighbourhood but I am told India is also getting into the game after our agencies flagged this aspect. Now, we will be able to approach these countries with more confidence,” said the official, who is well-versed with the International Telecom Union’s (ITU) process of allocating orbital slots for satellites.
The official pointed out that speed was of essence. Many of India’s smaller neighbours were aiming to put their satellites into space before next year to avoid the tightening of rules arising from pressure from land-based wireless companies, which have demanded that allocated orbital slots must be freed for spectrum use if satellites were not launched within the specified time frame.
Developing countries called for stringency after certain corporates were found bending ITU rules discouraging “spectrum squatting.”
Among India’s neighbours, it is becoming a symbol of national pride to launch satellites independently rather than hire transponders from other nations. The previous government had highlighted the ISRO’s relative lack of initiative.
It has become even more crucial for India to bag contracts for developing and launching satellites of Sri Lanka, the Maldives, Nepal and Bangladesh because of the security implications if Chinese players are successful. Indian officials fear the repercussions of a third country becoming involved in the region’s space activity.
For instance, Sri Lanka’s SupremeSAT has already signed a satellite launch agreement with Chinese Great Wall Industry Corporation. Colombo reportedly plans to add a space academy to the proposed ground station at Kandy. “We would naturally prefer Indian engineers and scientists to be involved in the designing and manufacturing of the Sri Lankan satellite,” said the official.
Bangladesh’s first proposed satellite Bangabandhu-I, named after the father of their nation Sheikh Mujibur Rehman, is supposed to be designed and launched by a United States–based firm. But India could renew its offer on the back of Mangalyaan success.
Both China and ISRO venture Antrix Corporation were in the race for Maldives’ satellite market, said the official, adding that according to his information a couple of rounds of talks had been held.
India has considerable experience in launching satellites for third countries, putting in space 15 foreign satellites in the past five years. “The Mars mission should provide a boost to our efforts,” said the official.

Three parties quit MahaYuti alliance over seat allocationThree parties quit MahaYuti alliance over seat allocation
Xolo 8X-1000: Stylish phone  built to lastE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The power of body language in home sellingThe power of body language in home selling
Body language in home selling
Fuse/Getty
Standing and waiting might make you appear desperate. Better to stay out of sight until the prospect rings the doorbell.
Standing and waiting might make you appear desperate. Better to stay out of sight until the prospect rings the doorbell. (Fuse/Getty)
By Lew Sichelman,, United Feature Syndicate
It takes more than words to sell the good points of your home, believe it or not.
Here's how to deciper unspoken communication in a home sale.
Home selling: What is your body language saying that your words are not?
With offers and counteroffers flying back and forth across the table, negotiations between buyer and seller are an important part of the real estate dance, with each side trying to glean any advantage it can.
Toward that end, Britain's largest online brokerage firm, House Network, has teamed up with a leading body-language analyst to create a 10-step guide to help sellers decipher the unspoken intentions of potential buyers through their physical behavior.
The guide, titled "The Art of the Silent Sell," offers the insight of body-language expert Robert Phipps, an analyst, public speaker and the author of "Body Language: It's What You Don't Say That Matters."
The guide offers insights into the nuances of what a would-be buyer's body is saying that his mouth isn't. It also provides advice on how sellers can change their own behavior so they don't reveal their bargaining position.
"The importance of understanding nonverbal communication, both yours and that of your buyers, cannot be underestimated," says Phipps. "Buyers make purchase decisions with their senses, so this guide explains how sellers should use this to their advantage by appealing to their buyers' basic instincts, which are hard-wired."
Being an online operation, the House Network doesn't use agents, so much of the advice is premised on the notion that sellers should show their homes themselves.
0
Here in the United States, that's pretty much frowned upon. Sellers are told to sit back, or actually leave the premises and let the agents do their jobs. But as Graham Lock, co-founder of House Network, points out, no one knows your home better than you, so "you are in the best position to sell its positives."
According to the guide, then, the seller's job is to "present the property's best features and observe" the potential buyer's responses. In this way, you can dwell on more of what buyers want and like, and ignore what they don't want.
Here are some of the key points from "Silent Sell":
Greeting. Not only does the greeting begin every interaction, it sets the tone from there on out. So be sure you are ready and waiting for the buyer, but don't be too eager.
Standing and waiting with an open door may be polite, but it might also make you appear desperate. Better to wait for the prospect to knock or ring the doorbell.
Handshake. Although some people don't like to shake hands, Phipps suggests going for it anyway. Most people find it difficult to resist an extended hand, and besides, it will give you an idea how enthusiastic they are about seeing your place for the first time.
Eyes. It's called a viewing because people use their eyes more than any other sense.
Your job is to show your home's best attributes. As you do, try to notice whether your visitor is engaging with you by actually looking at the features as you point them out.
Smile. This shows someone is happy, relaxed and content. So as you go from room to room, look to see if the corners of the buyer's mouth are turning upward. Make a mental note of their positive reactions, and try to point out similar features to continue the mood.
Nods. Subtle head shakes are good indicators of positive or negative feelings.
Encourage visitors to do this by nodding and shaking your own head when you speak about the good things about the property, neighborhood and local amenities.
Posture. How you stand has a great impact on how people feel about you. So make sure you are standing up straight. That equates to high confidence, which will help convey a measure of truth to what you are saying.
Angles. How you stand or sit in relation to your potential buyers can have a major impact on how comfortable they feel in your home. Greetings are normally face-to-face, but after that, avoid engaging visitors straight on. Rather, sit or stand to the left of the person you are showing around, because most people are right-handed. If they are left-handed, go the other way.
Feel. Encourage the prospect to sit on the sofa, lie down on your bed or open the kitchen drawers. The more folks can try things out, the more comfortable they will feel — and the easier it will be for them to envision themselves in your place and make up their minds. That's why car salespeople practically demand that you sit behind the wheel or take a test drive.
Smell. This is the most basic of all the senses. From birth, people react almost automatically to odor in either a positive or negative way. Here, you needn't bake a cake or brew fresh coffee to make people feel at home, although there's nothing wrong with that. But you must make sure your place either smells completely neutral or has a pleasant fragrance.
Sound. Every home has noises, from creaky steps to the rush of traffic outside. If you have a noise, fix it. And if you live on a noisy street, pick a showing time when there's the least amount of traffic.
Says Lock: "Each and every buyer will interpret your home differently, according to their needs and requirements. Your challenge is to sell your home's best features.
"Appeal to the senses, notice how your potential buyers react and what their body language tells you, and concentrate on the positive while moving on quickly from the negatives."

And you thought real estate was mundane0
The Associated Press reports that the number of applications for real estate agent licenses in Florida has almost doubled, to nearly 41,000 last year from about 24,000 in 2010. It's not just Florida: The situation in California, which likewise has seen a boom in real estate activity lately, is comparable. The number of aspirants taking the real estate licensing exam has doubled since 2012.
Speaking of real estate agents:
If you want to sell houses to rich people, one line of thought goes, you gotta go where the rich people are.
A Long Island, N.Y.-area brokerage has opened an office inside a Rolls-Royce dealership there. Shawn Elliott Luxury Homes & Estates has set up shop at Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Long Island, according to the newspaper Newsday.
Car shoppers (the company also sells Lamborghinis and Bentleys) will have an opportunity to pause in front of a 75-inch flat-screen television that shows images of luxury homes for sale.
The traditional way that real estate agents get paid — charging a commission based on a percentage of the price of the house — is a topic that has led to some charged discussions in the industry, and some brokerages have tried to make themselves more attractive to consumers by offering a flat-fee compensation structure.
Now comes a brokerage in Columbus, Ohio, that's charging by the hour. The brokerage, called Vernon Road, charges $85 an hour instead of a percentage, according to the Columbus Dispatch.
Here's how it works: Homeowners will pay about $2,125 to the brokerage for 25 hours of work, according to the Dispatch. In order to entice agents to bring their clients to see the property, the sellers will offer those agents the typical, traditional 3 percent commission if a sale occurs.
The brokerage will collect some of its sellers' and buyers' fees upfront, and those won't be refunded if no sale occurs.
Is this an economic indicator? In the truly olden days, when employees told the boss they were turning down a job transfer to another city, their reasons often focused on their spouses' and kids' reluctance to move. Then, when the housing meltdown hit, the most-often cited reason was the real estate market — the employees didn't want to take a bath on the sale of their houses.
Worldwide ERC, a trade group that studies corporate moving trends, recently noted that companies now say employees are increasingly willing to accept transfers.
And for those who don't want to budge, though real estate is a concern, it's less often the reason.
Worldwide ERC's annual report on the job transfer picture said that employee reluctance can be pinned to real estate worries in 61 percent of such situations these days. And though that certainly sounds like a lot, consider that in 2008, during the worst of the market turndown, it was more than 90 percent.
But while the housing boom was at full throttle, only 16 percent of naysayers turned down a transfer for real estate reasons.
Calling all cul-de-sac dwellers. Think you know a typical suburban subdivision when you see one?
The National Association of Home Builders recently surveyed its membership about the characteristics of their developments and came to the conclusion that the "typical" single-family home subdivision consists of 22 acres and has 48 homes.
Four percent of them include retail space and another 4 percent include other, nonretail space.
That's about as juicy as the report got, sorry.

Carnival s revenue tops estimatesBloomberg's Carol Massar reports on Carnival's earnings on "In The Loop."
Bloomberg's Carol Massar reports on Carnival's earnings on "In The Loop."

Will Afghanistans new leader change the course of U.S. relations thereBy Dan Lamothe September 24 Follow @danlamothe
Ashraf Ghani, left, Afghanistan’s next president, addresses a news conference in July with rival Abdullah Abdullah. After months of controversy, Ghani has been selected as Afghanistan’s next leader, again raising the question if and when his government in Kabul will sign a bilateral security agreement keeping U.S. troops in Afghanistan after 2014. (Photo by REUTERS/Jim Bourg)
Outgoing Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai delivered a farewell address Tuesday in Kabul, panning U.S. policy in Afghanistan without once mentioning that more than 2,000 U.S. service members have been killed there since 2001 and more than $100 billion in U.S. money has flowed in from Washington, propping up Afghanistan’s ministries and security forces.
The remarks continued a history of strained relations between Washington and Kabul, especially since the surge of tens of thousands of additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan beginning in late 2009 to target militant groups and give the Afghan military and police force time to grow and mature. There’s a new day coming, however: Ashraf Ghani, an economist who once worked at the World Bank, was selected Sunday as Afghanistan’s next president following a long, tense election process that threatened the country’s future.
Both Ghani and his rival, Abdullah Abdullah, had said they would quickly sign a bilateral security agreement that will keep a force of about 9,800 U.S. military advisers in Afghanistan after 2014. The BSA has languished for a year because of Karzai’s refusal to sign, complicating U.S. military planning as commanders grappled with how to withdraw troops and equipment. The agreement is necessary to keep U.S. and other coalition troops after the end of the year, providing legal protections for them and a framework for operations.
There are still questions over whether Afghanistan’s new government will remain unified, following a contentious elecion process that threatened a major political crisis.  Abdullah is expected to assume a role as chief executive officer in the government, something akin to a prime minister. But both men still control militias, and it’s unclear what they will do should future disagreements arise.
The Afghan Analysts Network, a think tank in Kabul, described the agreement this way :
On appointments, there are apparent contradictions. The CEO’s duties include “providing advice and proposals” to the president on appointing and dismissing “senior government officials.” This sounds like the president has the last word. The document also states that the CEO is “under the authority of the President.” Apart from that one sentence, both the future president and CEO seem to be rather equal in their powers.
There appears, for example, a 50:50 ‘power sharing’ deal on some of the major posts. The agreement commits the two men to “parity in the selection of personnel between the President and the CEO at the level of head of key security and economic institutions and independent directorates”. (AAN thought this could cover the ministries of defence, interior and finance, NDS, the Independent Directorate of Local Government, but there are many others, including the Commissions overseeing the Constitution and on Anti-Corruption). As to the National Security Council, the two teams will “be equally represented… at the leadership level” (two directors, rotating, or director and deputy?) and “equitably [ie fairly and impartially, not necessarily 50:50] represented at the membership level.”
The inauguration is expected to occur next week.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Tom Pepinsky  Edmund J. Malesky  Nathan Jensen and Mike FindleyLoad More
About
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix”, a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House for the newspaper and Web site. Chris has appeared as a guest on NBC, CBS, ABC, MSNBC, Fox News Channel and CNN to talk politics. He lives in Virginia with his wife and sons.
Most Read

Supreme Court cancels 214 illegal coal blocks  spares 4Supreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 14:11 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:38 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
In a verdict that could lead to a more transparent system of allocating natural resources, the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that it had, on August 25, said were illegally and arbitrarily allocated.
File photo: A labourer works inside a coal yard on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. (Reuters)
The court gave the government six months to decide on a new coal block allocation policy. These 218 blocks had been allocated to steel, power and cement companies for their captive use.
Two of the four blocks that have been spared were allocated to public sector companies SAIL and NTPC, both PSUs.
Two others were allocated to Reliance Power’s ultra-mega power project at Sasan in Madhya Pradesh. It had won these blocks through international competitive bidding, so there were no allegations of any arbitrary decision making.
The apex court bench, comprising Chief Justice of India RM Lodha, who retires after two days, and Justices Madan Lokur and Joseph Kurian, granted the holders of 46 blocks time till March 31, 2015 to wind up their businesses. The Centre had sought protection for these blocks as 40 were operational and six were on the verge of starting operations.
However, the 40 companies that have started operations will have to pay a fine of Rs. 295 per ton, as calculated by the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG). Since these companies have mined about 300 million tons of coal, they will have to pay at least Rs. 9,000 crore as fines.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi had said the NDA government was “desirous to move on” in the wake of any cancellation.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The judgment is in accord with the government’s stand. We have already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start…,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters. Coal and power minister Piyush Goyal is expected to brief the media on the judgment on Thursday.
“I am sure the Indian government has a fallback plan to tackle the coal block allocation issue,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Hindalco after the court cancelled its coal blocks in Talabira in Odisha and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh.
“While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will… raise questions on sanctity of government policies, impacting the investment climate,” said Ajay Shriram, president of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
The stock market steadied after falling 215 points in mid-session following the judgment. It ended the day at 26,744.69, a loss of 31 points. Jindal Steel and Power, in particular, lost 10% and closed at Rs. 189.70.
Read: SC ruling on coal blocks likely to hit economy, says India Inc
The cancellation of 214 coal blocks and their auction in future will shore up the government’s revenues and enable it to keep its fiscal deficit under control.
Companies that lose coal blocks will be able to bid for them in the open auctions that will follow. However, the ruling could lead to a rise in bank NPAs as several companies had taken loans worth about Rs. 1 lakh crore to set up power plants and other factories on the back of these coal blocks. Banks downplayed the possibility of a rise in bad loans.
Then, power companies that get coal blocks through auctions could demand higher tariffs to offset higher auction prices.
The previous UPA government did not auction the coal blocks on the plea that state governments were opposed to the idea. More than half of India’s power is produced by thermal power plants. A chronic shortage of coal is one of the reasons for frequent power outages and the proliferation of environmentally damaging diesel generators both in residential houses as well as in industrial units.

Hindustan Unilever elevates Manish Tiwary as MD in Gulf; Punit Misra to head HUL salesHindustan Unilever elevates Manish Tiwary as MD in Gulf; Punit Misra to head HUL sales
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 10.18PM IST
Tags:
Gulf
(Punit Misra, vice president…)
MUMBAI: Manish Tiwary , sales head of Hindustan Unilever, has been promoted as managing director of parent Unilever's business in the Gulf .
Punit Misra, vice president (customer development) for global route to market and traditional trade at Unilever, will replace Tiwary as HUL executive director and vice president, sales and customer development. He will be part of the firm's management committee.
A Hindustan Unilever spokesperson confirmed the promotions and said the change will be effective November, 2014.
In recent times Unilever has promoted several Indian executives to take up global roles.
A few months ago, Hemant Bakshi , who oversaw the home and personal care segment at HUL, moved to Unilever Indonesia as executive vice president. Last year, Unilever promoted its India managing director Nitin Paranjpe as global head of home care business.
Tiwary, 42, has spent nearly 20 years across several of Hindustan Unilever's division.
An MBA from IIM-Bangalore and engineer, he played a crucial role in building HUL's capability for servicing modern trade channel back in 2004, which later helped it take leadership in most categories at supermarkets. Tiwary also headed HUL's north division diving sales worth over $1 billion in 2007-08.
Hindustan Unilever recently restructured its home and personal care business into two separate divisions for a sharper focus, translating into a shake-up in its top management.
FEATURED ARTICLES

eBay says no plans to join the big investors  clubeBay says no plans to join the big investors' club
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Sep 25, 2014 12:42 AM IST
Flipkart and Amazon have set the stage for fierce competition in India by announcing huge investment plans but US-based e-commerce major eBay is not looking to join the club. The company is instead focused on playing by its strengths, and "creating a long-term, sustainable and healthy business" in India.
In July, home-grown e-commerce firm Flipkart announced it had raised $1 billion, to further its business in the country. A day later, American online major Amazon issued a statement saying it would invest an additional $2 billion in the country.
"We don't react to these (investment announcements); eBay is not that type of a company," said Latif Nathani, managing director of eBay India. "Whatever other companies are doing is as per their game plan. They have their goals of IPOs (initial public offers) or fund raising, we don't have any of that. We have a parent that is listed, and is profitable. We are getting all the investments we ask for, so what's the need for me to get into that race?"
"We are totally focused on what is required. There are lots of distractions that happen, and we try to ignore them," he added.
Nathani, however, said India is an important region for eBay and the company would continue to scout for acquisitions to strengthen its position. To compete against the large competitors, eBay has invested in SnapDeal, another major player in the e-commerce space here.
According to reports, eBay owns between 35 per cent and 40 per cent stake in SnapDeal, which was founded by Indian entrepreneurs Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal. The two founding partners are together estimated to hold less than 20 per cent in SnapDeal.

Jimmy John s Says Customers  Card Data StolenAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Cyber-Ark is Nasdaq s biggest gainer in trading debutWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Coalgate verdict: Relief for NTPC  Reliance Power and SAILCoalgate verdict: Relief for NTPC, Reliance Power and SAIL
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 25, 2014 12:41 AM IST
The The Supreme Court’s decision to cancel the allocation of all captive coal blocks during 1993-2010 other than those to government-owned companies (and not operated on a joint-venture basis), has brought relief to NTPC and SAIL. Besides, two blocks allotted to the Sasan ultra mega power projects (UMPP) owned and operated by Reliance Power have also been exempted from cancellation.
The Pakri Bardiwh coal block in Hazaribagh, Jharkhand, allotted to NTPC and with capacity of 15 million tonnes (mt) a year, is set to start production by next year. The Tasra coal block allotted to SAIL has already begun production, according to an affidavit filed by the company to the government. The block, in Dhanbad district of Jharkhand, is likely to produce four mt of coal a year.
Blocks allocated to companies such as Karnataka Power, Madhya Pradesh State Mining Development Corporation, West Bengal Power Development Corporation, West Bengal State Electricity Board and Punjab State Electricity Board stand to lose, as these firms operate the blocks through joint ventures with private mining companies.
In its judgment on August 25, the Supreme Court had declared all blocks allocated between 1993 and 2010 illegal, except those allocated to UMPPs. “Allocation for UMPPs is in accord with the opinion given in Natural Resources Allocation Reference 20, and the benefit of the coal block is passed on to the public…the said allocations may not be cancelled,” the court had said.
The Sasan UMPP, a pit-head power project, was allocated three captive coal blocks in Madhya Pradesh, out of which two have been let off the noose — Moher and Moher Amlohri extension. The cumulative coal production from the three is 25 mt a year and the coal produced will be used to fire the 4,000-Mw UMPP. Four of the six 660-Mw units of the Sasan UMPP are operational.
The Supreme Court has, however, ruled the coal blocks allocated for UMPPs will only be for captive use; no diversion for commercial exploitation will be allowed
The verdict in a nutshell:
* Supreme Court cancels all blocks except government run non-joint venture operating blocks
* Only NTPC and SAIL fit the criteria
Other government owned companies which lost out:
* Karnataka Power limited

Coalgate verdict: Body blow  say affected firmsCoalgate verdict: Body blow, say affected firms
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:43 AM IST
The Supreme Court’s order to cancel all the 214 captive coal blocks allotments since 1993 is being described by the companies in question as a body blow.
Their chiefs say it’s now for the central government to set the house in order.
“I am sure the government has a fallback plan to tackle the issue,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Hindalco Industries, on Wednesday. The SC has cancelled its coal block allotments at Talabira in Odisha and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh.
The Mahan mine had been allocated to a joint venture with the Essar group. The latter had already set up a power project in Mahan but could not mine coal due to an ongoing agitation by local citizens.
“After the SC order, it’s Coal India and the government which will be running the sector. It will be a monopoly and all the competition is gone,” said the chief executive officer (CEO) of a large corporate group, asking not to be named. “We just hope the government will now come up with the right policies, so that coal blocks can be auctioned fast and allocated in a transparent process, and return the money already spent by these companies for development of the mines.”
The SC had earlier questioned the process and legality of the allotment and on Wednesday cancelled the allotments made to all companies since 1993, barring the Sasan block allotted to Reliance Power and those given to state sector units.
ALSO READ:  Coal block investments: Rs 2.86 lakh cr impact figure highly inflated
Tata Power said it had two coal blocks jointly allocated to it, along with other co-allocatees. “We understand the Supreme Court by its order has cancelled all but four blocks. Tata Power would study the order and discuss the same with its Board before having a view point. Tata Power would look forward to opportunities of having a new, legally enforceable framework by which coal blocks could be awarded, perhaps at an early time,” stated the company.
ALSO READ: Relief for NTPC, Reliance Power and SAIL
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) said the judgment will hit the economy hard. Ajay Shriram, president, CII, said, “While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will jeopardise the investments made in the sector. It will raise questions on the sanctity of government policies impacting the investment climate. The government will need to expedite reallocating the cancelled producing blocks so that production is not affected in the short term.” It would also be important for the government to put in place a new transparent mechanism for allocation of coal blocks at the earliest, he said.
ALSO READ: Congress, BJP both claim SC vindication
Analysts say the order is a big negative for GVK, the Essar group, Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite, Jindal Steel & Power, Jaypee and Adani Power. These were among the big ones which had set up new power, steel and aluminium plants based on coal from these mines. “This is the worst possible news for (them) when things were just looking up,” said the finance head of a large company, asking not to be named.
ALSO READ: Block re-auctioning to throw up challenges
Excluding the Ultra Mega Power Projects and blocks allocated to the central sector, HDFC Securities has estimated nearly 17 Gigawatts (1,000 Mw is a Gw) of power projects to be impacted. “We have no option but to work on a Plan-B,” said a top Hindalco official. “We were gearing up for this bad news for quite some time.”
ALSO READ:  Ruling upsets power, mining, bank stocks
Apart from cancellation of allotment, the companies will have to pay a hefty penalty on the production till date, at Rs 295 a tonne. The fine itself is estimated to cost Jindal Steel & Power up to Rs 3,000 crore, said an analyst. This fine has to be paid by all companies before December 31.
ALSO READ: Worried banks await early resolution
Analysts say following the cancellations, the country’s import bill would jump by $3 billion (Rs 18,000 crore) as companies will source coal from across the world.
Apart from loss of profit and revenue, and paying a steep fine, many companies are also facing the heat from the cases filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in a Delhi court, which is looking into the criminality angle in the allocation of blocks. CBI is looking for a trail of misrepresentation of facts or payment of bribery to get the allocations.
Greenpeace, the environment group which was also fighting against the allocation of Mahan to Essar and Hindalco, termed the SC decision a “landmark” victory for the environment and the people. “Today’s ruling calls the bluff on coal’s dirty secret and should signal the end of complicity between the state and corporate players. It’s a strong message from the highest court in the country to the government and industry, that the laws of the land cannot be circumvented and disregarded,” said Vinuta Gopal of Greenpeace India.

http://usat.ly/1xhqNdeEMAIL
AFP/Getty
Shares of Apple (AAPL)  were under pressure Wednesday as the sturdiness of the latest iPhone and its software design came under evaluation.
Apple stock ended down 89 cents, or 0.9%, to $101.75 throwing a bit of cold water on the euphoria following the release of the iPhone 6 on Sept. 19. Given Apple’s huge market value — it’s the most valuable company in the U.S. and therefore has huge sway — even a percentage point decline can apply pressure to stocks.
LISTEN: Is #Bendgate for real? USA TODAY's Tech Roundtable weighs in http://t.co/y3hk1CyLRZ
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 25, 2014
These latest problems with the latest iPhone and its operating system mar the company’s well-groomed image of only releasing products when they’re 100% rock solid.
Video circulating on the Internet shows how the latest iPhone can be bent by applying pressure, not all that greater than might result from the phone being placed in a pair of pants.
Separately, Apple has yanked its update to this mobile phone operating system, called iOS, after widespread reports of problems raging from lost cellular connections and battery drain.
Shares of Apple are still up strongly this year, gaining roughly 27%. Yet the stock is down, along with the market, since the much ballyhooed launch of the latest iPhone.
Chart source: MSN Money

Grain Higher  Beef Mostly Higher  Pork MixedAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Dow climbs triple digits on upbeat data  ECB talkNASDAQ
---
After jumping 170 points, the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 154.19 points, or 0.9 percent, to 17,210.06, with Wal-Mart Stores among the companies leading blue-chip gains. The discount retailer struck a deal with Green Dot , a prepaid-card company, to offer checking accounts to its customers.
Home Depot erased losses that came after the Wall Street Journal reporting that a data breach at the home-improvement retailer had led to fraudulent transactions across the country.
The S&P 500 added 15.53 points, or 0.8 percent, to 1,998.30, with health care and consumer staples the best performing and utilities the hardest hit of its 10 major sectors.
The CBOE Volatility Index , one measure of investor uncertainty, fell 11.1 percent to 13.27.
The Nasdaq added 46.53 points, or 1 percent, to 4,555.22.
For every two shares falling, more than three rose on the New York Stock Exchange, where nearly 746 million shares traded. Composite volume neared 3.4 billion.
The Russell 2000 Index of smaller companies also gained, after forming a bearish indicator known as the 'Death Cross' in recent sessions in a possible signal of what's to come for the broader market.
"Some wounds were created over the last couple of days; people are seeing glaring weakness in small and mid-cap stocks, and certainly some technical damage has been done," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at the Lindsey Group.
"The soldiers go before the generals, and the small-caps declining is usually an indicator something untoward taking place in the internals. On the other hand, valuations in small caps were exceedingly rich, so they were ripe for under performing," said Luschini.
"It's a legitimate reason to view it as a potential signal, but it is not definitely saying the market is set to roll over," Luschini added of the scenario where an index's 50-day moving average trend line drops below its 200-day moving average.
Read More Small-cap retreat: An ominous sign or no big deal?
Getty Images
On track for an 11th weekly gain, the dollar rose against other global currencies and the yield on the 10-year Treasury note gained 4 basis points to 2.566.
"The dollar is up 6 percent in the third quarter along, the biggest quarterly gain in four years, with the strength of the dollar working against commodity prices," said Luschini.
Gold futures for December delivery declined $2.50 to $1,219.50 an ounce, and crude-oil futures for November reversed higher, up $1.24 to $92.80 a barrel.
On Tuesday, U.S. stocks declined, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq falling for a third day to close at five-week lows, as investors weighed data illustrating a slowing global economy and tracked conflict in the Middle East.
Early stages of long bull market in tech: Pro
Scott Kupor, Andreessen Horowitz, shares his outlook on the tech space.
—By CNBC's Kate Gibson

Vodafones Colao: Waiting to see govt with a differencePrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:41 am
Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao has said that international investors were still “waiting” to see a difference on the ground following from the government’s stated position of being ‘business friendly’.
“Like many international investors we are waiting to see the difference,” Colao said in an interaction with the media on Wednesday. Vodafone is the second largest telecom services operator in the country. The comments by the multinational company chief came on the eve of Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching a ‘Make in India’ campaign to promote, among other things larger foreign investment in the economy.
The Vodafone Group CEO was extending the comments made by his India MD & CEO Marten Pieters at the Economist Conference recently where he had said India remains a challenging place to do business.
While Vodafone has been served with a combined tax due notices of about Rs 32,000 crore by the previous UPA government including a Rs 12,000 crore one from the application of a retrospective provisions in tax laws, Colao said those were not his chief concerns.
“The key concern is the implementation of the political (call),” he said. The Modi government has to make the bureaucracy respond to the needs of the investors, he said.
Among the priorities for the telecom sector in the coming months, Colao said were the writing in of easier rules for mergers and acquisitions in the sector and coming up with more generous allocation of spectrum to the players. “The decision making (in the bureaucracy) is often slow and contradictory, where too many people have the ability to block you,” he said despite a political consensus to speed things up.
Prime Minister Modi in his pitch for Japanese investors referred to this problem early this month. At Tokyo he assured them that things are changing. “Now a red carpet, not red tape, awaits you.”
Colao added that the Modi government should not be however judged on its performance in the first hundred days. “It is the first thousand days that matter, I feel.” Colao will not be attending the Make in India event, though several foreign companies have agreed to do so.
Pieters said the company has no immediate plans to launch a public issue in India despite planning to do so earlier, since the uncertainties would push the valuation of the company down.

Make in India set for high-octane launchtodayPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:39 am
Corporate chieftains including Maruti Suzuki India managing director Kenichi Ayukawa, Tata Sons chairman Cyrus Mistry, Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani, and Aditya Birla group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla are among the list of speakers at the launch of ‘Make in India’ campaign.
Sources told The Indian Express that six chief executives of companies spanning various sectors have been invited by the government to speak at the launch of the campaign.
Also included in the list are Wipro chairman Azim Premji, ITC chairman YC Deveshwar and Shawn Cheadle, general counsel of Lockheed Martin Space Systems Co, the sources added.
Among the audience would be some of the world’s biggest companies, including European aircraft manufacturer Airbus, German car maker Mercedes-Benz, South Korean giant Samsung Electronics and Japan’s Honda Motor Co, who have been invited to attend the launch.
Modi, who had made an impassioned plea to global manufacturers for setting up facilities in India during his Independence Day address, will kick-off the event. The Prime Minister is likely to announce initiatives for catapulting at least 10 domestic companies into the global value chain.

APECs apparel mart mirrors the waning fortunes of textileexportsPrint
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:37 am
Mannequins draped in finery but covered in transparent sheets, grimy cartons and unused and dust-swathed office furniture, are piled across the “state-of-the-art” Apparel International Mart (AIM), Gurgaon, once envisaged as the one-stop shop for reputed international apparel buyers.
The seven-floor mart comprises 250 showrooms, of which 94 are lying vacant and 81 are being used for running an institute or have been rented out for office space. Only 75 showrooms are occupied but these too remain locked due to negligible export promotion activity.
The Apparel Export Promotion Council (AEPC), which was tasked with operating and promoting apparel exports in the mart, has been running the Institute of Apparel Management (IAM) from the vacant showrooms.
The institute runs out of the seventh floor and a part of the sixth floor. It has been blacklisted by the Haryana Directorate of Technical Education as it does not have AICTE approval.
Despite several representations, both the AEPC and the government have not addressed the concerns of exporters and existing showroom holders, said Rajiv Kapoor, vice-president, Apparel House Exporters’ Association.
The mart was mooted in 1997 to raise apparel exports to $25 billion by 2010 under the National Textile Policy 2000. However, 17 years later, the exports of ready-made garments stood at $13.9 billion in 2013-14.
Trade experts say that with the focus of the government on re-energising exports and promoting manufacturing, it is time to reinvent the export promotion councils (EPCs), bridge between the government and exporters.
“EPCs were designed to hand-hold small exporters. However, instead of doing their jobs, they have become rent-seekers. EPCs in other countries help the exporters to the last detail, if need be,” said Biswajit Dhar, professor, JNU.
Earlier, a study was undertaken by the commerce ministry to gauge the efficacy of EPCs. It had recommended organisational restructuring “to ensure their democratic functioning and greater participation from members in their activities”, a government source said. Several EPCs are yet to put in place effective mechanisms, which adversely affects India’s export competitiveness, the source added.
Even as the government has undertaken steps to make it easier for doing business in the country, it would have to focus on institutions that cater to small and medium enterprises, to push manufacturing, Dhar added.
A showroom holder in the AIM, on the condition of anonymity, said despite the huge vacancy, the AEPC has not taken measures to sell the showrooms to exporters. Except for few events, not much is being done by the AEPC for promoting apparel exports, the showroom holder alleged.
When contacted, while the textiles ministry did not respond, AEPC chairman Virender Uppal said, “We are not doing anything for our benefit. The showrooms were lying vacant so the institute was opened … Now we have decided to involve exporters in the decision-making process.”

NPA worries: Banks call meet to chalk outstrategyPrint
Written by George Mathew , Sandeep Singh | Mumbai/ New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:31 am
Worried over the possibility of bank loans to coal block projects turning non-performing assets (NPAs) following the Supreme Court order, the Indian Banks Association (IBA), the apex body of banks in the country, has convened an urgent meeting of its management committee on Friday to chalk out steps to safeguard their exposure.
“The IBA managing committee will be meeting later this week to work out a strategy. We have to protect our money,” said an IBA official. While the lenders claimed the order will not give a “hard knock”, Credit Suisse had earlier estimated that the crackdown will put Rs 60,000-72,000 crore of loans at risk. The SC order has come at a time when asset quality of banks is already a cause of concern with overall gross NPA ratio rising from 3.26 per cent as on March 2013 to 3.85 per cent as on March 2014.
Playing down the impact, an official at State Bank of India said the exposure of the largest bank is around Rs 4,000 crore lent to power units which have fuel linkages with the affected coal blocks. IDBI Bank, another major lender to the sector, on Wednesday said its exposure to companies affected by the SC order is around Rs 2,000 crore. “There’s some impact. We are hopeful that the government will find a way to safeguard the banking industry’s interest. The government is keen to promote infrastructure sector in a big way,” said the chairman of a leading PSU bank. Other PSU banks and private lenders refused to disclose their exposure.
The banking industry is relieved that the uncertainty surrounding the issue has finally gone. “We believe that uncertainty is possibly the worst enemy of growth. We are glad that this is over with the SC verdict on coal blocks allocation. We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation,” said Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairman, SBI.
A source confirmed that while banks are not concerned regarding the interest receivables from large groups such as Aditya Birla and the Jindal group, they are already witnessing some defaults on interest payments from small companies that are dependent only on a single project.
“Big conglomerates are servicing their debt regularly and therefore banks are not much concerned about their exposure to them. But banks are facing issues of interest payment from smaller companies that are dependent on their single project for their profitability,” said a source who did not wish to be named.

Cleveland Browns Linebacker Reacts to Pint-Sized Video Game VersionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

BSE to exclude MCX  FT and USL from A groupBSE to exclude MCX  FT and USL from A group
MOM puts L&T  Godrej & other suppliers over the moonMOM puts L&T, Godrej & other suppliers over the moon
Abhineet Kumar | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:35 AM IST
On Wednesday, when Thrissur-based Vajra Rubber’s marketing director Kannan P S called Indian Space Research Organisation officials to congratulate them on the success of Mars Orbiter Mission entering the planet’s orbit, he was asked to be prepared for much larger orders now.
The Kerala-based little-known company is one among the 200-odd firms that supplied some parts or the other to Isro for the mission. The mission cost all of $74 million (Rs 450 crore) — a fraction of the $671-million (Rs 4,026 crore) that America’s National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) spent on its MAVEN spacecraft, which had reached Mars earlier this week. Notably, Isro also succeeded in its first attempt, which is no mean feat considering that those countries managed to make it only after several attempts. ( JOURNEY TO RED PLANET )
“What Isro has demonstrated is the reliability of our system, and we should be able to leverage it now for launching remote-sensing and commercial satellites for others,” said S M Vaidya, business head of Godrej's aerospace division, which supplied the rocket’s engine and fuel-powered thrusters for the Indian Mars mission.
Antrix Corporation, the commercial wing of Isro, has got a big boost with this success, and it now expects large orders from the global market to build or launch commercial satellites. Isro has already launched three satellites in the past year for French and British companies.
“These are only stray examples till now; this should become routine and we should see more such satellites being launched every month. That is where we see the big boost to Indian private industries and Isro,” said Vaidya. According to him, it could open a Rs 5,000 crore a year opportunity.
These companies also expect that the success of the Mars mission will fetch them more orders from the defence sector.
Engineering company Larsen & Toubro (L&T), which has been a supplier to Isro for the past four decades, has the same view. “It (mission to Mars) has helped build a formidable image for India, and such businesses from other countries are naturally expected to grow in large volume,” says M V Kotwal, president (heavy engineering) at L&T, which has made parts worth $5.7 million for Isro in recent years.
L&T has also supplied $240 million worth of parts so far to ITER, an inter-governmental science experiment, which is building a thermonuclear reactor in southern France.
It is not just the private-sector companies that are benefiting. Public-sector enterprise Hindustan Aeronautics, too, has got a big boost. The company delivered a bare satellite structure and a deck panel to Isro. “Our differentiator is the cost effectiveness and reliability, as in the first attempt itself we have been successful, while other countries had to make several attempts. It talks about the quality of the work that we are doing and the components that are going inside,” said R K Tyagi, chairman of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited. “It will naturally boost orders from other countries benefiting all the suppliers.”

Quartz Daily BriefAsia editionSquare BlackBerry  Ebola explosion  Philips split  undiscovered mushroomsSeptember 23, 2014
What to watch for today
BlackBerry unveils the future, and it is square. The troubled Canadian smartphone maker is holding three simultaneous events  around the world. It’s expected to show off the Passport , a handset with a perfectly square 4.5-inch display, which it hopes will do better than last year’s  disastrous BlackBerry 10  phones.
Will the ruble bounce back? Russia is set to auction 10 billion rubles ($259 million) worth of notes tomorrow, the country’s first debt sale in 10 weeks. Even if investors prove enthusiastic, Russia’s currency has depreciated 15% against the dollar this year, so keep your expectations in check.
Obama addresses the UN. The president’s speech at the General Assembly will  discuss ISIL , again, but the real question is, what will his buddy David Cameron announce in terms of British support for the cause? He may recall Parliament from recess to vote on airstrikes  as early as this Thursday .
Gloom in Germany. The Ifo Institute publishes its business climate index, and investors are expecting it to show that German companies’ confidence levels have hit a 16-month low . Trouble with Russia, plus a slow recovery, is to blame.
While you were sleeping
The CDC warned of an Ebola explosion. The US health research institute warned Ebola cases could reach between 550,000 and 1.4 million by the end of January.  At least there are nurses brave enough to volunteer their services in West Africa, and vaccines currently in human trials .
Amnesty International exposed China’s torture industry. The human-rights watchdog said over 130 Chinese companies are exporting torture instruments, up from just 28 a decade ago. Most of the devices, including spiked batons, are being sent to Africa; Amnesty wants nothing less than a full ban (pdf).
Samsung pulled back in Europe. The Korean tech giant said it would stop selling laptops and Chromebooks  in the region, citing “market needs and demands.” It might be a rather questionable decision if Gartner’s latest report on the PC market  bouncing back is to be believed.
The EU antitrust chief fired a parting shot across Google’s bows. Joaquin Almunia, the outgoing competition commissioner, said the case building against Google’s dominance in online search could cost it $6 billion , much more than the one against Microsoft a few years ago.
Philips is splitting into two. The Dutch electronics maker said the separation between its lighting and its healthcare divisions will  take 18 months . Restructuring costs are expected to come in at €50 million a year until 2016, but yield  €300 million  in cost savings.
Jack Ma is China’s richest man. According to a new list from Hurun Reports , Ma’s $25 billion fortune after the Alibaba IPO puts him just past real-estate mogul Wang Jianlin’s $24.2 billion. More impressive, perhaps, is that Xiaomi co-founder Lei Jun is 10th richest, despite his phones selling at a nearly zero margin .
Quartz obsession interlude
Max Nisen on how wildly high CEO pay is. “In the US, the average CEO makes an estimated 354 times as much an average unskilled worker ($12,259,894 vs. $34,645). People all around the world are broadly unaware of how wide the pay gap is, and they are almost universally of the opinion that CEOs should be paid much, much less… According to the survey data, people in the US think that the ideal pay gap between an unskilled worker and a CEO is 6.9—or 50 times less than the real gap.”  Read more here .
Matters of debate
Sweden is no longer a role model. Economic inequality is growing , the left is losing popularity, and benefits are being cut.
Climate change refugees should be given asylum. Shouldn’t countries that sell fossil fuels  offer a home  to people driven from their islands by rising sea levels?
The German economic powerhouse is a myth. The country’s not driving growth in the euro zone , and is spreading economic instability.
The Cosby show gave us TV’s greatest feminist. Clair Huxtable, the fictional mother of Bill Cosby’s five children, was an incredibly strong woman and a pioneer 30 years ago.
Surprising discoveries
London is now the world’s most expensive city. According to the estate agent Savills, it has displaced Hong Kong as  the costliest place to both live and work in.
San Francisco redefines business casual. Say hello to the “ Suitsy “, a one-piece jump suit that tries oh-so-hard to look like a typical off-the-rack suit.
Soda makers are kinda admitting responsibility for obesity. Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, and Dr Pepper-Snapple Group are promising to reduce the number of calories  (paywall) Americans drink by 20% by the year 2025.
A restauranteur in China put opium in his noodles. He was caught when traffic police drug-tested one of his patrons a few hours later.
The key to perfect workflow is to not work one-quarter of the time. For maximum productivity , take a 17-minute break every 52 minutes.
A new species of mushroom has been discovered. Not in an untouched jungle. Not on the cliff of an unexplored mountain. But in a London supermarket .
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, one-piece suit designs, and new mushroom species to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

What Jack Ma plans to do with his Alibaba billionsLooking for clean skies in China(Reuters/Shannon Stapleton)
SHARE
Svati Kirsten Narula @svatikirsten
September 23, 2014
With great fortune comes great responsibility—that’s the message Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma delivered in New York today about his plans for spending the windfall earnings from his company’s record-breaking IPO. On stage at the Clinton Global Initiative’s annual meeting, he told Chelsea Clinton:
When you have one million dollars, you’re a lucky person. When you have 10 million dollars, you’ve got trouble, a lot of headaches. When you have more than one billion dollars, or a hundred million dollars, that’s a responsibility you have—it’s the trust of people on you, because people believe you can spend money better than the others.
Ma said his happiest days were when he was making just $20 a month. Now that he has considerably more, he says, “We only eat three meals a day, we only sleep on one bed, how can you spend money? Where’s the opportunity?”
Ma’s strategy is to spend according to the belief that “what’s happening today is going to cause a 10-years [sic] result.” And when Ma thinks about the present and future of China, he’s thinking about environmental pollution. “The polluted water, the airs, unsafe food… 10 years later, millions and millions of people in China will have health problems. So we should invest money on that.”
Ma has set up a charitable trust , funded by Alibaba share options, at the beginning of 2014: it is now worth $3 billion. His statements since then, including those today, indicate he plans to focus on the environment in China.
 “In 15 years China will have a change. We will have blue air, blue skies, clean water.” 
“If we don’t give up, in 15 years China will have a change. We will have blue air, blue skies, clean water,” Ma said. “People say, ‘Forget about it, China is hopeless, there’s no chance we can [clean up the water and the air],’” he added. But, “people said that about e-commerce in China 15 years ago.”
On a conference call with reporters this weekend, Clinton said “this is an incredibly important moment in China” regarding civic engagement . “Jack Ma has a chance to totally change the landscape now, and not only with the money that he will be able to invest in non-governmental activities, but also in creating space” for others who wish to do NGO work there. Clinton has met with Ma a few times; they spoke when Clinton last visited China, and Ma has repeatedly brought his management team to the Clinton office in Harlem to learn about the Clinton Foundation’s work. Ma has also  discussed philanthropy with Bill Gates.
“He’s been thinking about this for years,” said Clinton. “He’s got the credibility to deal with a lot of these issues, and I know how serious he is about it and he’s gone out of his way to try to figure out what other people are doing and how he can have the greatest impact.”
Clinton hopes Ma will invigorate charitable giving over the internet in China. Global donations to disaster relief efforts have been facilitated online and via text messages, and more and more everyday giving to charities occurs online. “What do they have, like 300 million people a week doing business on Alibaba?” Clinton asked on the phone, re-emphasizing that he thinks Ma will “have a big empowering impact on other people who don’t have nearly as much money but can have make a big difference if they all get together. I think the chances of his being able to change China for the better are quite high.”
Share this:

A fire just shut down the busiest port in the United StatesAll it takes to throw a wrench in US trade. (AP Photo/ Nick Ut)
SHARE
Tim Fernholz @timfernholz
September 23, 2014
A welder’s torch in Los Angeles ignited a fire in the timbers of an old wharf that have been soaking in tar and seawater since World War II, and firefighters are struggling to put out the stubborn conflagration .
As long as it burns, the US economy is taking a hit: The wharf is at the Port of Los Angeles,  America’s busiest port  and a major gateway for cargo arriving from the Pacific rim and leaving the US west coast. Last September was the port’s busiest month of the year for imports,  as 377,000 standard container loads worth of goods were processed, but now the port has been temporarily closed to container traffic until the fire—and the dangerous fumes it is producing—are extinguished.
When labor strife has led to strikes by dockworkers and truck drivers who move cargo from ship to shore and back again, the costs have shown up in US GDP. In 2012, when the port’s unionized clerical staff went on strike, the resulting shutdown stopped the movement of $1 billion in cargo each day.
The hope in Los Angeles is that the fire won’t keep the port out of commission for long, but in the meantime, millions of dollars in trade are smoldering away in a 60-year-old dock.
Share this:

Twitterati erupt in joy over Mangalyaan  serve up humour and satire tooTwitterati erupt in joy over Mangalyaan, serve up humour and satire too
Osama Salman , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 16:32 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:17 IST(24/9/2014)
— Matilda Briggs (@CattyBriggs) September 24, 2014
PMO sources said Mr Modi has been working all night to put the Mars Orbiter Mission in position. "He guided ISRO scientists with the maths."
— Modi Does Things (@ModiDoesThings) September 24, 2014
And just like that, every second Indian will say, "If I can't become a cricketer, I'll be a scientist" #Mangalyaan
— Gaurav Sethi (@BoredCricket) September 24, 2014
Obama orders an inquiry into Hollywood movie budgets... After Modi stated #Mangalyaan was cheaper than Hollywood movie budgets...

McDonald s Happy Meals are a millennial problem  not the cure6
It's not an insurmountable problem in that the company had $35.8 billion in systemwide U.S. sales in 2013, according to QSRMagazine.com. Sales could slide an awfully long way over an awfully long time before anyone overtakes it. The next closest chain was Subway, with $12.7 billion in 2013.
In fact, you can combine the 2013 U.S. sales of Wendy's, Burger King, Taco Bell, Chick-Fil-A, KFC and Five Guys, and McDonald's still comes out almost $200 million ahead.
Which bring us to lunchtime with the girl, 8. We had an hour between gymnastics classes. We were a block from McDonald's.
"I only want to go there if they have a prize I want," she said.
They didn't.
Later, over quesadillas at Chipotle, she suggested McDonald's could win her affection with a full-size American Girl doll in its Happy Meals. "But," she said, thinking about it for a moment, "that Happy Meal would probably cost $100."
If an 8-year-old feels that way about Happy Meals and Mighty Meals, what about the grown-ups taking them out to eat? And what happens when those 8-year-olds become 18?
"More choices, sophistication and better quality are driving kids' attitudes away from McDonald's and toward these other restaurants," Tristano said. "When kids get into that 8-to-12 range, before they become tweens even, they not only want something different, they want something better. What's changed is the fast-casual industry — like Chipotle and Panera — all these offering other choices and higher quality."
McDonald's has said it understands that millennials, like all of its customers, "share a desire for fresh, quality ingredients," and it's looking to expand its offerings to meet that demand. It's also trying to tap into digital marketing and mobile ordering platforms.
But the lesson about the Happy Meal is it has to be about the food, not the geegaws and gimmicks. As the Beatles, absent parents and spurned self-financed politicians all will tell you, real loyalty is earned not bought.
"Trying to change who you are, which we all know as individuals, is very difficult," Tristano said. "This is a big train that needs to slow down and stop before it changes direction. … The next generation may be the one that they're going to get to return to McDonald's, and that could start with the kids' meals."
Keeping eyes on the prize for McDonald's means keeping the focus on the food.

Mars orbiter has taken 5 high quality images of Red Planet: Isro sourcesComments
The Mars orbiter spacecraft started sending its first high quality images of the Red Planet late on Wednesday, Isro sources said, allaying fears that the missions cameras had failed.
“Images are clicked. Data is downloaded. Process is going on,” a top Isro official said, replying to a question on whether the spacecraft had taken pictures of Mars’ surface.
India's Mars Orbiter spacecraft has sent five pictures of the red planet's surface, said a senior Isro official. "The Mars Orbiter has started sending pictures. We have received five pictures and these are under processing," the official said, preferring anonymity.
Images were expected to arrive in the afternoon but there was no news about it till evening causing some concern.
Earlier on Wednesday, India created history by becoming the first country to succeed on its first Mars mission when Isro's Mangalyaan slipped into Martian orbit after a few nail-biting moments.
The country joined the United States, European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union in the elite club of Martian explorers with the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately called MOM.
"History has been created by our scientists", said PM Narendra Modi in his speech immediately after the scientists declared the mission a success. "We have dared to reach out to the unknown."
"When our cricketers win a tournament, we celebrate in a big way. What these scientists have achieved is thousand times bigger," he added.
Read: From lighter rocket to slingshot, Isro innovates its way to Mars
Earlier, there were some tense moments at the Indian Space and Research Organisation (Isro), which commanded a series of tricky manoeuvres to position the spacecraft in its designated orbit around Mars.
The insertion started at 4.17am when the spacecraft switched over to the medium gain antenna for providing  the communication link during the insertion. At 6.56am, the spacecraft  initiated the process of forward rotation, reducing its speed.
Watch: 5 Things You Must Know About Mars Orbiter Mission
Read: Knew MOM will be a success, says PM Modi
At 7.17am, the scientists had to grapple with the most critical moment — when the liquid apogee motor had to be fired. The motor was woken up for four seconds on Monday during a test-fire after 300 days of long sleep.
The motor was fired for 24 minutes, reducing the velocity of the spacecraft  by 4.2km per second in relation to Mars. This was soon followed by  moments of tension and anxiety when the communication broke as the spacecraft slipped  behind Mars as the  scientists waited for the  good news.
At 7.45am, the occult ended and after two minutes, communication with the spacecraft resumed and data was flashed about the performance of the liquid apogee motor.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi  congratulated Isro scientists after the mission met with success.
HT interactives : Ride the Mangalyaan  | MOM sensors
Most of MOM’s Mars orbit insertion happened in the dark because the spacecraft was around the surface of the planet that did not receive sunlight.
Mangalyaan, which relies on homegrown technology, is a remarkably low budget mission of about $75 million. Nasa's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, which reached its position around the Red Planet on Sunday has a price tag of $671 million - nearly nine times that of MOM's.
Scientists at Nasa’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory had wished their Indian counterparts luck a day ago. “Good luck MOM. From your JPL family,” read the message posted on Isro’s Facebook page.
Read: India expands boundaries of knowledge with Mars Orbiter Mission
India's feat gains significane in the light of the fact that more than half the world's previous attempts - 23 out of 41 Mars missions - have failed, including attempts by Japan in 1999 and China in 2011.
"India has become  the first Asian country to do the Mars mission.  This also is a reflection of the growing space race between India and China as well as in the broader Asian context," senior researcher Dr. Rajeswari Pillai Rajagopalan said.
India has said its spacecraft is chiefly meant to showcase the country's high-tech space abilities. Already, India has successfully launched a lunar orbiter, Chandrayaan-1, which discovered key evidence of water on the Moon in 2008.
Read: Bollywood lauds India's date with the red planet
MOM's scientific goals including using five solar-powered instruments to gather data that will help determine how Martian weather systems work and what happened to the water that is believed to have once existed on Mars in large quantities. It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.
None of the instruments will send back enough data to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form, what conditions might make life possible and where else in the universe it might exist. Some of the data will complement research expected to be conducted by Maven.
The Isro Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) facility in Byalalu, 55 kilometres from Bangalore, along with other global centres is tracking the spacecraft. A confirmation call through a hotline from Canberra, which is the station in position to receive the first signals came in at around 8.10 am
The spacecraft is expected to circle the planet for at least six months, following an elliptical orbit that gets within 365 kilometers (227 miles) of the planet's surface at its closest and 80,000 kilometers (49,700 miles) at its farthest.
Nasa congratulated India in a Twitter message, welcoming MOM to studying the Red Planet.
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet.
(With inputs from agencies)

No God condones this terror: Obama at UNprint
As US military continued to pound ISIS across Iraq and Syria, President Barack Obama on Wednesday called for more nations to come on board to not only deal with the immediate threat posed by the outfit but also to address the "cancer of violent extremism" and forces that contribute to its rise.
"No God condones this terror," Obama said, addressing the UN general assembly. "No grievance justifies these actions. There can be no reasoning - no negotiation - with this brand of evil.
"The only language understood by killers like this is the language of force," he added. And the US was doing exactly that - with an international coalition.
"Today," he added, "I ask the world to join in this effort."
He proceeded to a rollout a four-point plan:
- Degrade and destroy ISIS, which the US had already started with international partners - 40 nations, he said, had offered to join.
- The world, specially Muslim communities, must "explicitly and forcefully" reject the ideology of al Qaeda and ISIS. Cut their funding, counter their propaganda.
- End the cycle of conflict, specially in West Asia, that has given rise to such outfits. "Let's be clear," he said, "this is a war no one is winning."
- The countries of the Arab and Muslim worlds must give their people - especially their youth - affirmative "alternatives to terror" - better education, empowering women.
While laying out the challenges facing the world, Obama didn't hesitate to call out his own country. Referencing the Ferguson unrest, he said the US continued to face "racial and ethnic tensions".
He also called for worldwide efforts to tackle Ebola, climate change and other common issues. But the thrust of his speech, as expected, was ISIS, and the US-led wars against it.
"We will not succumb to threats; and we will demonstrate that the future belongs to those who build, not those who destroy," he said. "Those who have joined ISIS should leave the battlefield while they can."
US central command said on Wednesday five air strikes were conducted in Iraq and Syria over Tuesday and Wednesday against ISIS targets, using a mix of attack, bomber and fighter aircraft.
Two airstrikes targeted ISIS positions west of Baghdad and two outside Irbil in Iraq. A fifth strike took place near al Qa'im in Syria, destroying multiple assets.
With that, the number of airstrikes in Iraq went up to 198 since August 8, the start of the air campaign. And those in Syria went up to 20, the first few had targeted an al Qaeda affiliate.

$10B ruling against Philip Morris goes back to Illinois high court0
The court has to decide again whether the judgment, the largest in Illinois history, should stand against the nation's largest tobacco company, a unit of Altria Group Inc. The verdict is more than double Altria's net income of $4.5 billion last year.
The long legal battle has to do with the sale of cigarettes labeled "light" or "lowered tar and nicotine." In a lawsuit brought in 2000 in Madison County, smokers accused the company of consumer fraud by advertising light versions as safer than regular, or full-flavored, cigarettes and sought monetary damages.
A Madison County judge ruled in the plaintiffs' favor, awarding a class of more than 1 million people $7.1 billion in compensatory damages and $3 billion in punitive damages.
But a divided state Supreme Court overruled the judge, finding that federal regulations allowed the cigarette company to use terms like "light" and "low tar" in its advertising. Therefore, federal regulations precluded the plaintiffs from bringing a fraud claim against Philip Morris, the court said.
St. Louis attorney Stephen Tillery, who represents the smokers, sought to reopen the case after evidence emerged in an unrelated case that the Federal Trade Commission said it had never addressed the use of those advertising terms.
A state appellate court in Mount Vernon sided with him and restored the $10.1 billion verdict.
Philip Morris argued in its petition to the state Supreme Court that the notion that a trial or appellate court could nullify a decision by the top court is "dangerous" and "threatens the stability of the law."
"The Illinois Supreme Court has already once ordered judgment to be entered in PM USA's favor," the company said in a statement. "We believe that there are compelling reasons why the Illinois Supreme Court should do so again and reverse the intermediate court's unprecedented ruling."
Legal analysts expect the company to argue that the $10.1 billion judgment was inappropriate because the Madison County judge erred in how he calculated the award.
George Zelcs, another plaintiffs attorney, said he and Tillery look forward to the opportunity to present their arguments before the court.
Justice Robert Thomas did not take part in the deliberations over whether to accept Philip Morris' appeal. Thomas recused himself from the case the first time because he had a professional relationship with an attorney in the case.

Coal verdict: Firms likely to pay Rs 7 905 crore in penaltyCoal verdict: Firms likely to pay Rs 7 905 crore in penalty
The aunts from KaramlishIsis and the aunts from Karamlish
By Roula Khalaf
As we cheer the protection of Middle East minorities, we often lose sight of the majority
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61fa2efa-41ad-11e4-b98f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No indictments after police shoot and kill man at an Ohio Wal-MartBy Mark Berman September 24 Follow @markberman
A rally supporting Crawford’s family. (Ty Greenlees/Dayton Daily News via AP)
A grand jury in Ohio decided Wednesday not to indict any police officers for the shooting of John Crawford III , who was killed by police at a Wal-Mart in the state last month. Meanwhile, the Justice Department announced Wednesday that it would conduct an independent civil rights review into Crawford’s death.
Crawford was killed at a Wal-Mart in Beavercreek, a suburb of Dayton. on Aug. 5. Police said that Crawford was killed after not listening to police orders to drop an air rifle, which can be used to fire pellets or BBs. In addition, someone called 911 and said Crawford was waving the air rifle at people.
However, attorneys for Crawford’s family said surveillance video showed that he was only holding the air rifle, not waving it around. And a man who called 911 told the Guardian earlier this month that Crawford never shouldered the rifle or pointed it at anyone, although he did say that Crawford was “waving it around.”
An undated photo of John Crawford III (right) with his mother, Tressa Sherrod. (Courtesy of Crawford’s family/via AP)
Last month, Mark E. Piepmeier, an attorney with the Hamilton County Prosecuting Attorney’s office, was  appointed as a special prosecutor to investigate this shooting. Investigators conducted dozens of interviews, reviewed reams of documents and looked through video footage captured by cameras.
Grand jury proceedings began Monday. Two days later, Piepmeier announced that the grand jury did not indict anyone and believed that the officers were justified in their actions.
“The Wal-Mart surveillance video and eyewitnesses prove that the killing of John H. Crawford III was not justified and was not reasonable,” Crawford’s family said in a statement  (via the Cincinnati Enquirer ). “It is undisputed that John Crawford III was in Wal-Mart as a customer and was not posing a threat to anyone in the store, especially the police officers.”
The Justice Department said Wednesday it would “conduct an independent review of the facts and circumstances” around Crawford’s death to see if there were any civil rights violations. This review will be conducted by the department’s civil rights division, the U.S. attorney’s office and the FBI.
After the grand jury’s decision was announced, Gov. John Kasich (R) and Ohio Attoreny General Mike DeWine (R) both issued statements on Wednesday calling for the Justice Department to look into the issue.
“After talking with the Attorney General and watching the video myself, I agree with his decision that a review by the U.S. Department of Justice is appropriate,” Kasich said in a statement. “This is a tragedy for the Crawford family and I share the concern of many in the community that this matter must be handled with the utmost seriousness and respect.”
DeWine’s office said the state’s Bureau of Criminal Investigation had “been in frequent contact” with the FBI and said it would turn over any requested files relating to the investigation.
Crawford’s death did not attract as much national attention as the deaths of Michael Brown in Missouri or Eric Garner in New York . But all three had something in common: Crawford, Brown and Garner were all black men who died after encounters with police, with these situations drawing increased scrutiny to the way police officers use force.
“We are saddened and outraged by the Grand Jury’s decision to not indict these officers that acted maliciously and carelessly when they killed John Crawford III,” Rashad Robinson, executive director of the group ColorofChange.org , said in a statement.
This post has been updated to add the family’s statement and Robinson’s statement. Last update: 6:14 p.m.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Apple Pulls Software Update for iPhonesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

US Recover  Shaking off a Three-Day SlumpAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Orissa vigilance lodges FIR against MHA specialsecyPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubneshwar | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:00 am
The state vigilance department on Wednesday lodged an FIR against former DGP Prakash Mishra, who is currently special secretary (internal security) in the Ministry of Home Affairs, for allegedly favouring some steel and cement suppliers during his stint in the Orissa Police Housing and Welfare Corporation (OPHWC).
Mishra, a 1977-batch officer, was chairman-cum-managing director of OPHWC between 2006 and 2009, in the rank of additional DGP. Director of state vigilance K B Singh said a case under Prevention of Corruption Act and other sections of IPC was lodged against Mishra as he gave advance payment of Rs 59 crore to some steel and cement suppliers in 2009. Singh said a special audit was done which faulted Mishra.
The CAG audit too found him with fault.
But senior IPS officials, who did not want to be named, alleged the vigilance case was a move to scuttle Mishra’s chance of becoming the next CBI director. With the probe into the chit fund scam hotting up in Orissa, the Naveen Patnaik government was wary of Mishra heading CBI, they alleged. Two days ago, CBI arrested former A G Ashok Mohanty in the chit fund case. The agency has also summoned 14 MLAs, MPs and ministers of the ruling BJD for interrogation.
Though he served as the DGP between June 2012 and June 2014 and managed to control the Maoist menace in southern Orissa districts, Mishra had an uneasy relationship with the chief minister.
In June this year, Naveen shunted out Mishra to an inconsequential post a day after Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh spoke to him and recommended Mishra’s name for the post of special secretary in MHA. Naveen replaced Mishra with Sanjeev Marik, a relatively junior officer as new DGP. Mishra was finally relieved last month for appointment as special secretary (internal security) in the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Naveen was reportedly miffed with Mishra over the latter’s refusal to help his party during the last Assembly elections.
Though the state government in December 2013 placed Mishra’s name in the offer list for central deputation, it had withdrawn the offer in May citing acute shortage of officers in IPS cadre.

Media trying to malign my govt:MamataPrint
Written by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:58 am
After censuring media in public rallies, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has now picked up the pen to counter the “smear campaign” run by the media, both print and electronic, against her and her government.
Without taking names, she has fired salvos particularly at two most popular newspaper groups of the state in her new 112-page book, titled Kutsha Paksha (Smear Season), published Tuesday on the occasion of Mahalaya.
Incidentally, the Puja edition of her party mouthpiece, Jago Bangla, was also published along with the book that is her 46th literary work. In a no-holds-barred attack, Mamata in the book alleges that the media barons of Kolkata are hobnobbing with politicians of the Opposition to run shady businesses, indulging in bank frauds, signing deals with unscrupulous businessmen, and above all leaving no stone unturned to malign her government — only because they did not like her due to her humble background.
She goes on to say that a section of journalists and owners of media houses receive gifts from those having power and pelf. “They do not buy anything, everything they get are freebies, from the cake for their daughter’s birthday party to the Chinese food for their marriage anniversaries,’’ Mamata says.
Mamata refers to the owner of a media house as “abhibhabak babu” (guardian babu) and said he was angry with her because her government did not give him what he wanted. “They (BJP) had a business and political deal with “A Bazaar Group,” she writes. “This group, their news channel, their English newspaper, all spread calumny against me.”
Raising the chit fund scam, she writes: “…All of a sudden this “abhibhabak babu” who has become a merchant of BJP is hitting out at us on the chit fund issue… the chit funds that came up during the Left Front regime and neither the Marxists nor the NDA government took any action against them while we were the first one who took action on that count.”
The Trinamool Congress chief concludes with a call to fight and reform the media.
“Let us form an alliance against those unscrupulous media barons who are dealing in paid news and paid views, who are selling their views, policy and editorials to people for heavy amount of money,’ Mamata said.

Journalist claims MoS threatened to killhimPrint
Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:57 am
Journalists in Chhattisgarh expressed outrage Wednesday after Union MoS for Steel and Mines Vishnu Deo Sai was caught on camera purportedly insulting a television reporter.
Pawan Tiwari, a reporter with ETV Chhattisgarh, visited Sai at his Jashpur residence Tuesday to ask about the poor condition of schools in his constituency, Raigarh.
Sai got upset and shouted: “Niklo tum yahan se… get out.” Tiwari also claimed that the BJP leader threatened to get him killed.
As the news channel ran the video clip Wednesday, journalists in the state condemned Sai’s actions and urged others to boycott him.
“I had only asked about the poor condition of schools in his area. There are many under-construction schools where repair work has been pending for long. But he got annoyed, abused me and threatened to get me killed,” Tiwari said.
Sai, however, said that his behaviour was not improper and that Tiwari had harassed him in the past as well.

Tax on big cars  houses to net Rs.260 croreUpdated: September 25, 2014 02:21 IST
Tax on big cars, houses to net Rs.260 crore
Roy Mathew
state budget and tax
Cabinet rejects proposal for five-day week in government service
The Cabinet on Wednesday decided to impose additional tax on luxury cars and large houses to net Rs.260 crore.
The tax on cars costing more than Rs.20 lakh would be increased to 20 per cent. Currently, all cars attract a tax of 15 per cent. Tax rates on houses with a plinth area of more than 3,000 square feet and flats with an area of more than 2,000 square feet would also be hiked with revised slab rates.
The Cabinet rejected a proposal of the General Administration Department for introduction of five-day week in government service.
Vehicle tax
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy told mediapersons after a Cabinet meeting that a one-time settlement scheme would be implemented for the collection of vehicle tax arrears of transport and non-transport vehicles. Arrears which are five years or older on transport and non-transport vehicles would be settled on payment of 20 per cent and 30 per cent of the dues respectively. An opportunity would be given to regularise illegal constructions before the end of this year.
No display ads
As part of the austerity measures, the government would not release display advertisements to the print and visual media till March 31, 2015.
Ordinances
The Cabinet also approved Ordinances to give effect to the taxation proposals approved by the Cabinet at its last meeting. This includes Ordinances to increase basic revenue tax, plantation tax and stamp duty and registration fee. An ordinance amending the General Sales Tax Act and the Kerala Value Added Tax Act would be issued as Kerala Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance to give effect to the proposals to increase tax on cigarettes and liquor including wine and beer. Mr. Chandy said the government also proposed to bring an Ordinance for coordinating use of Malayalam as official language. This was on the basis of the recommendations of the Official Languages Committee.
Project implementation
With a view to implementing projects with private-public participation at the local level in a time-bound manner, Partner Kerala Mission would be established under the Department of Local Self-Government. Titles would be issued to 18 families who were in possession of excess land taken over by the government in Ponnani municipality in Malappuram district after setting apart 83 cents for public purposes.

Top 5 stocks that may take a hit after SC verdict on coal blocksTop five stocks that may take a hit post Supreme Court order on coal blocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 04.32PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(The Supreme Court quashed…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday pronounced the final judgment on coal blocks that were allotted since 1993 to various private and government companies in the power, metal and cement sectors.
The Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks given out since 1993, but did not cancel four coal blocks out of 218 which were declared illegal. Those coal blocks which are government run non-JV allotments were spared.
The apex court The Supreme Court has announced the final verdict on this case, and the outcome seems to be more adverse than the mkt had expected, terming the allocation as "arbitrary", say analysts.
"Not only have all mines been de-allocated (effective Apr 1, 2015) but also they will have to pay a penalty for the production so far," Citigroup said in a report.
The Supreme Court did clear some bit of uncertainty but the verdict will still remain an overhang on the sector for some more time, say experts.
"I believe that the uncertainty will still continue because the companies have the option to litigate against this judgement. Also, the penalty which has been imposed might be arbitrary, according to the companies," said Abhisar Jain, Centrum Broking.
"The valuations will need to adjust after the auctions - at what value the coal blocks can be bought back and what happens to the end production after March 31," he added. We think that it will still be a wait-and-watch game and we have a negative stance on the metal sector.
We collated impact of SC order on various stocks across different sectors:
Jindal Steel & Power:
JSPL is among the stocks which are likely to get hit by the SC order. The stock has corrected nearly 10 per cent and in all likelihood may fall another 5 per cent in next couple of weeks.
Three coal blocks to get de allocated and analysts say that the fair value JSPL could fall to below Rs 200/share. The penalty amount is estimated at about Rs 3000 crore. On the operating front, EBIDTA could be hit by 46 per cent from FY16.
Citigroup says that there could be a one-time hit of Rs 20-30 billion due to penalty levied by Supreme Court.
Hindalco Industries Ltd:
Analysts do not expect too much fall in Hindalco Industries . However, the company will lose three coal blocks. Operational Block: Talabira I and not Operational: Mahan coal Block, Talabira II Coal Block.
The fair value for Hindalco will be about Rs 135/share and the penalty amount is estimated at about Rs 500-600 crore.
Coal India Ltd:
Coal India will actually benefit from the Supreme Court order. After six month time, Coal India will take over these mines till re-auctions happen, to avoid disruption in production.
Current operations to continue till Mar 31, 2014. Re-auction process will be initiated in this period, but if the process is not completed by then, Coal India will take over those mines till re-auction is completed.
"If Coal India is really going to take over these mines, then post auction of the mines, things will become clearer. So, for now, it could be slightly positive for Coal India, because they will get some additional volumes if they have to take care of it," said Piyush Jain, Analyst , Morningstart .
NTPC:
NTPC has a costless model and none of the coal blocks are operational for NTPC. So their operations remain unaffected. So, all the operational cost including the fuel are a complete pass through. So life does not change for NTPC even after the order.
Banks with exposure to Power/mining sector in focus:
According to experts, the Supreme Court order is negative for banks especially PSU banks which have exposure to power companies.
"Banking sector has nearly Rs 368 billion of credit exposure to mining sector (we don't have the precise figures for coal, but coal would be about ~50% of mining) which translates to 0.6 per cent of system wide credit," Enam Securities said in a report.
"PNB has highest exposure at 2.6 per cent of total advances (including non-fund based) to mining sector whereas Canara Bank has 12.6 per cent exposure to energy sector," added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Avoid JSPL  Hindalco; pick RPower: AnalystAshwani Gujral
In a chat with ET Now, Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com, shares his views on the market.
ET Now: How are you mapping the trade right now and what is the call on JSPL and Hindalco?
Ashwani Gujral: JSPL and Hindalco are avoidable but Reliance Power , Coal India could be in for trading rallies and fairly substantial 10 to 15 per cent style trading rallies are possible on stocks which benefit. But Hindalco and JSPL will require more time at lower levels.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Babu spends big on office revamp as govt schools sufferEYE BROWSE
Babu spends big on office revamp as schools suffer
A top officer of the Directorate of Education splurged more than Rs 11 lakh on the facelift of an office, even as the students in Delhi govt schools are forced to attend classes in porta cabins and use dysfunctional toilets.
By Rakesh Ranjan | Mail Today –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: BASIC infrastructure for students can wait, but the same does not hold true when it comes to revamp of offices of our babus.
A top officer of the Directorate of Education (name withheld) splurged more than Rs 11 lakh on the facelift of an office, even as the students in Delhi Government schools are forced to attend classes in porta cabins and use dysfunctional toilets.
The reply to RTI queries reveal that the then Director of Education in 2013 had forwarded an estimate of Rs 11.26 lakh for renovation of the office with Italian marble, wooden flooring, toughened glass and extension of restroom.
The documents available with MAIL TODAY say the officer had sought permission in 2013 for approval of the estimate which has been forwarded by Executive Engineer of the Public Works Department.
Subsequently, the proposal was sent back to the education directorate for administrative approval for the desired expenditure.
The information was revealed in an RTI reply sought by Delhi-resident Amit Bhargava.
Sources said that the money has been spent on the renovation work.
"… An estimate of Rs 11, 26, 500 is forwarded by the Executive Engineer, (CBMD), PWD. The scope of work includes Italian marble in wall lining, wooden flooring, toughened glass doors, extension of restroom, teak wood doors and frames in place of damaged doors and windows and 18mm thick gang saw cut mirror polished machine for flooring in passage," the estimate reads.
In another such move, the PWD has granted administrative approval for expenditure of a whopping Rs 1.10 crore for carrying out the renovation of the headquarters of the Directorate of Education at the Old Secretariat in Civil Lines.
There have been several reports of students getting classes in tents that even irked the Delhi High Court.
Taking cognizance of the matter, the court had directed the Delhi Government to replace the tents with porta cabins and also put in place the necessary infrastructure for running classes.
Moreover, a number of schools lack toilet facilities and drinking water but they remain to be put in place despite criticism from various quarters.
The lavish expenditure on renovation comes despite the fact that more than 100 secondary schools are to be constructed by the next year.
Moreover, these schools are facing acute shortage of teachers with over 13,000 posts lying vacant. The Delhi government has hired more than 6,000 guest teachers and 10,000 more are expected to join soon.
In 2012, there were 970 government schools in Delhi, of which 576 ran double shifts.
The current Director of Education Padmini Singla was not available for comment.
THE UNNECESSARY EXPENDITURE
Directorate of Education sends Rs 11.26 lakh renovation proposal.
Extension of the restroom, wooden flooring, Italian marble and toughened glass were proposed renovations.
PWD grants approval for Rs 1.1 crore worth makeover works of the education department headquarters at Old Secretariat.
Moves come at a time when government schools are functioning in porta cabins due to lack of classrooms
Reproduced From Mail Today. Copyright 2014 MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

As E-commerce Grows Around the World  China Leadsreddit
The worldwide spread of Internet accessibility via smartphones is driving an expansion of e-commerce that is changing the retailing landscape forever. Nowhere is this clearer than in the explosive growth of e-commerce in China, where there is a fairly large middle class concentrated in big cities and relatively inexpensive labor to transport goods the last mile.
The historical, "linear" business model, in which consumers shopped only in stores they could walk or drive to, in which manufacturers conducted business only via retailers, and in which retailers served customers within a certain distance of each store, has been altered out of all recognition.
Today, almost everywhere, there are no other limitations on where things can be bought and sold than the extent of Internet penetration and the cost and practicality of shipping. In this hyper-connected world, e-commerce is already big business, and research shows it is shifting into a yet higher gear. Growth estimates from eMarketer suggest business-to-consumer (B2C) e-commerce sales worldwide will reach $1.5 trillion this year, a 20 percent increase over last year.
Globally, consumers' enthusiasm for online shopping is on the rise. According to a Nielsen survey of more than 30,000 online respondents in 60 countries, the percentage of consumers who plan to browse or buy online in the next six months has doubled in just three years in more than half the categories measured. Even more striking is the data on Millennials, who are about to become the primary starters of new households. In the survey, Millennials made up over half of those willing to buy online - utterly outstripping Boomers. Given that the Boomers are aging out as the Millennials age in, e-commerce is likely to receive a powerful demographic boost on top of those that will come from technological advances and the development of new habits.
In short, e-commerce promises to be a global phenomenon that will continue to trigger transformative changes and create new opportunities in the years to come. Today, the hottest spot on the planet for e-commerce is China. It is the market to watch as we continue to undergo unfathomable changes in technology, media and, most importantly, consumer habits.
To begin with, China's sheer size made it a natural contender for the world's key player in the e-commerce revolution, and its 630 million-strong Internet audience is the world's largest. A U.N. report estimates that by the end of this year, 3 billion people worldwide will have Internet access. By that count, China's share of the audience will be over 20 percent. And there is still plenty of room to grow: Internet penetration in China is just shy of the halfway mark.
China also has the most mobile phone users in the world, and has been the world's largest smartphone market since 2011. The number of active smartphones broke the 700 million mark at the end of last year.
That massive number is still trending upward. Nielsen reports, from the survey above, that smartphone penetration among mobile users in China jumped to 72 percent in 2013, up from 50 percent in the previous year.
This trend extends beyond the Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities, with high penetration rates in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities as well as less dense urban areas. Among white collar workers and students, penetration percentages are in the high 80s. But even farmers are making the switch: about one-third are choosing smartphones.
Of course, e-commerce isn't just about access; it's about buying and selling.  Some Internet users do much more browsing than buying. What makes Chinese consumers the world's trendsetters in e-commerce is that China's huge online and mobile Internet audience are buying things at staggering rates. This year, for the first time, Asia-Pacific e-commerce purchases will outstrip those of North America. Within three years, the region's numbers will dwarf North America's, and 75 percent of that spending will happen in China.
The biggest impediments to digital purchases are typically privacy and fraud. The same Nielsen research shows that Chinese consumers are the world's most confident in making online purchases. More than 70 percent feel comfortable shopping online on either a smartphone or a tablet, as long as they feel that their personal information is protected.
This confidence is evident when you look at online purchase intentions for the next six months: China exceeds the global average in all categories measured in the Nielsen e-commerce survey, often by a large margin.
The top online categories are clothing and accessories; airline tickets; hardcover and paperback books; tours and hotel reservations; and sporting goods -- all of which have experienced double-digit percentage point growth over the past three years.
But the hottest growth since 2011 has centered on babies and children. Purchase intentions in the toy and doll category are up 33 percentage points, from 21 percent of respondents in 2011 to 54 percent today. Baby supplies are a similar story: purchase intentions are up 25 percentage points in three years, from 13 percent to 38 percent.
In terms of online purchase intentions, China is clearly several steps ahead of the rest of the world.  But we believe what is happening in China will quickly happen elsewhere. We are moving toward a world in which online access -- whether through smartphones, tablets or computers -- will become a fundamental barometer for what constitutes economic opportunity. Once, development was measured by running water, radio, television or access to an automobile. But the measure of the future will be connectivity.
By this measure, China is the world leader -- and the market to watch as the digital expansion continues to transform the ways we do business.
John Burbank is president of strategic initiatives at Nielsen.
More:

How to Leverage Intuition in Decision-makingreddit
I knew it. How many times have you found yourself saying that, after the fact?
When you ignore your instincts, and go forward despite a slightly uncomfortable feeling in your gut, you almost always regret it.
Sadly, it's usually only after the fact that we can fully articulate why things didn't "feel right." Your money is gone, the deal has soured, your heart has been broken or your hopes have been dashed. The moment that you get concrete proof that your gut was right, you wonder why you doubted yourself in the first place.
We are exposed to millions of subtle messages every day, the body language clues our boss gives us in meetings, the shifting eyes of the person we're interviewing, the faint hesitation of the real estate agent when we ask about the smell in the basement. Your intuition, or gut instinct, is the sum of all your senses; it's your subconscious brain working in the background, taking in glances, smells, visual cues and tone of voice.
We can't consciously process all the information we receive, or we'd never get any real work done. So our subconscious mind scans the clues, to discern what's important and what's not.
Some people are more attentive than others and our own intuitive attention waxes and wanes depending on the situation. But as a general rule, your gray matter is fermenting lots of data that your conscious mind is unaware of.
The moment you get confirmation of your instincts, your brain spits back the movie flashback version of all the bits of information it's collected to date. Like the tight little smile your boss gave when you were talking about next year's leadership retreat. At the time, you thought nothing of it, but when you got demoted, your subconscious recording of his discomfort came back in vivid detail.
We're often told that we should make decisions logically, rather than giving sway to emotions. This is terrible advice. Ignoring your emotions cuts off your intuition, which is a critical tool for good decision-making.
It may feel safer to rely on logic or the opinions of others, but your gut instinct isn't just a willy-nilly mush of emotions, it's the sum of the subtle information that your brain has collected, but hasn't yet fully processed. It's your own inner wisdom.
So how do you learn to trust your instincts? Some of it comes with age and experience. Once you prove yourself right a few times, you feel more confident about the value of intuition as a decision-making tool.
Here are three ways you can leverage intuition in the decision-making process:
1. Create white space
You can't tap into your inner wisdom if your brain is cluttered with action items. If you're facing a big decision, go for a walk, listen to music, give your mind the opportunity to meander.
2. Ignore the facts
This statement makes many people nuts. But you're not ignoring the facts forever, just for one part of the process. Put your bulleted list aside and ask yourself how you feel about things. How is your body responding to your options?
3. Pay attention to your stomach
Many of us feel things in our gut before we know it in our brain. Play out the options and watch how your stomach muscles respond. Do they tighten? Do they relax?
It's challenging to break through the clutter and harness your inner wisdom. But the truth is you already have most of the answers you need.
Lisa McLeod is the creator of the popular business concept Noble Purpose and author of the bestseller, Selling with Noble Purpose . She is a sales leadership consultant and keynote speaker.  Organizations like Genentech, Google, and Kaiser hire her to help them grow revenue.

Abenomics  Innovations Threatened by Failure on Contracting Reformreddit
With the 70th anniversary of the end of the World War II being commemorated next year, attention is being focused on the post-War life-cycle of Japanese industry and the government that so dutifully sought to back it, perhaps in ways unimaginable in the US.  But what part of overall Japanese industry is being backed by government?  That is the question most related to "open innovation" that was the theme of a presentation by Stanford professor Richard Dasher at Tokyo's Foreign Correspondents Club.  Prof. Dasher's research shows that overwhelmingly, Japanese government support is still targeted at the largest firms that are supposed to share resources with the small and medium enterprises (SME) sector.  However, it is the SME sector that appears to be dynamic and innovative and breaking new ground, while large Japanese electronics companies have become legendary for their inability to be nimble, and have been making losses or their growth has sharply reversed.  But the growth and development of Japanese SMEs and women-owned firms, while eliciting plenty of rhetorical support, are in fact being starved of resources by outdated contracting.
A cornerstone of innovation would be enabling small and medium enterprises to participate through changes in governmental and private outdated contracting.  However, that change has not occurred, neither in Japanese governmental agencies nor in industry.  That failure to reform, a key need to enhance opportunities for small and medium enterprises, is threatening the tremendous goodwill created by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, especially in India.  In fact, with a declining Japanese population, the need for small and medium enterprises to venture abroad has never been more urgent.  Prof. Dasher spoke about how Japan is still not serious enough about "open innovation".
Thus, a structural problem is apparent -- where Abenomics and its Third Arrow expect that innovation will occur through support for the SME sector, but contracting even in government agencies and indeed in companies that receive large government grants continues in the same manner as in the past 70 years. Therefore, it is a real problem for policy makers and top bureaucrats.
During the recent visit of Indian Prime Minister Modi to Japan, I wrote the attached article with Dr. Kiyoshi Kurokawa, who has been Science Advisor to the Japanese Cabinet, pointing to many new areas for potential collaboration.  The Japanese and Indian prime ministers, who share an extraordinarily warm friendship and frequently tweet to one another, announced a $35 billion program of Japanese investment into India.  However, these expressions of good intent may well not materialize if innovations on both sides are not enhanced.
Compared to Japan, China is able to invest its vast reserves (now about $4 trillion, or nearly three times the reserves of Japan) via its structured sovereign wealth funds that Japan still does not have.  However, an incursion involving over 1,000 troops even while Chinese President Xi was on a State visit to India, and many bitter memories of the China-India year 1962 war in which 1,383 Indian soldiers died, 1,047 were severely wounded, and 1,696 were reported missing, put all talk of a broad-based rapprochement on the back burner.  Older and middle-aged Indians are often reminded of the ferocity of the Chinese attack on India in 1962, how underprepared the Indian army at the time was, and are therefore wary of excessive display of bonhomie .
Head-to-head competition is emerging between companies of Japan, China, Korea, U.S., UK, France, etc. The cracks in Japanese innovation can potentially become existential risks for Japanese industry.  Business as usual will create catastrophic problems.  The failure to reform as per the much touted Japanese prime minister's most important initiatives, even by agencies of the Japanese government, will be taken to mean that it is no longer a vibrant economy capable of continuous transformation as was claimed in the 1980s in business schools (kaizen).  That in turn will mean that key allies that would otherwise have stood by Japan will no longer do so.
In a nutshell, while Japan is still wealthy, its competitive edges are rapidly falling off amid an environment of doom and gloom, with the "lost decades of economic growth" definitely taking a toll.  While things are still relatively comfortable, one has to worry for a nation unable to reform key parts of enabling its competitiveness.  A post-war generation, that got most things automatically, with little risk-taking or innovation, cannot now transform itself magically without real leadership from above.  Meanwhile, tremendous competition in an information-rich worldwide environment has meant that most competitive advantages have simply disappeared over time.  That is why, in many emerging economies, non-Japanese company names, especially Korean companies, have emerged as the leading trusted brands.
In effect, Prime Minster Modi was offering the privileged right of first refusal -- or in other words, as much as possible to Japan, the most favored nation.  It was apparent for all to see that the level of personal rapport of Prime Minister Modi with Prime Minister Abe is unmatched, and indeed Independent-India has never fought a war against Japan and no territorial disputes exist between the two countries.
But the hesitation on the part of the Japanese, and the inability to rapidly and effectively do due diligence, is epitomized by the failures of DoCoMo abroad .
Absence of Independent Mechanisms to Monitor Progress and to Report Failures
Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry has several policies to enhance SME participation.  But they have not been translated into action, yet, said Prof. Dasher.  Further, at present, there are no mechanisms to report failures of reform or even to monitor progress.  Without changes, business as usual will continue to prevail.  For the sake of innovation, independent mechanisms are required to monitor progress, if any, and there must be safe locations to report failures.
Soon, China, Japan, Korea will be locked into an Asian and perhaps global competition for market share.  This would be reminiscent of another time when that was indeed the case, in multiple ways.  Clearly, Japan and Japanese companies would need to be at the top of their game, along with many changes made on the innovation side.  If not, surely there will be the Asian 21st Century largely without its most important Asian economic player of the 20th century.
More:

Killing the Moment -- It s Time to Do Your Events Differentlyreddit
My daughter called this afternoon after class and on her way to work at the library to tell me about how here teacher decided to dress down the class after they had all done small teaching sessions at a summer camp. She was bummed out by the "pep talk" and frustrated that instead of helping them feel encouraged about their next big step -- student teaching -- he instead chose to tell them how terrible they all were at teaching.
Killing the Moment
This happens after every single event that I have put on. The need for myself and others to give into the deflated feeling that happens after a big push to do something amazing. I have had wildly successful events where after it was over the volunteers started picking out every flaw.
This has to stop.
Yes. I believe in constructive break downs of what we did great and what could have been done better. I believe in writing down real notes and thinking it through for next time. No event or public experience is perfect and there is always room for improvement.
You have to celebrate the moment.
Enjoy all of the hard work that you did. Celebrate all of the people who worked on it. Relish in what went right. Really live the whole event through. The planning, the event, and after the event. Just love every moment of it. (We can talk later about being crabby/crappy during an event. That's a no-no.)
Do Your Events Differently
After the event; like a week after or more have a wrap up meeting. Have all of your staff and volunteers write what they would improve and what they loved. The rules should include:
If they have something they would change they must have a suggestion or know that they don't have the answer.
There can not be any name calling or dressing down of any one individual.
Lastly, did you meet your objectives? If you did or you were close celebrate that.
Don't give into the human nature to grind down an event until it has no joy left. We don't need to be like that. Granted, as event planners we need to set the expectations not just of how we want our events to be, but how we will be while we are planning, performing and after the event.
Do you have stories of having an event crushed afterwards when someone starting poking holes into it all? Me, I have too many to count and am working hard on changing how I start, execute and end events. Let's commiserate in the comments -- AND promise to change this habit.
Follow Jacqueline Wolven on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JackieWolven
More:

SC ruling on coal blocks likely to hit economy: India IncAjay Shriram
(Currently, about 42 blocks…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's mass cancellation of coal block licences will cause serious supply disruptions and accentuate the power crisis, and is likely to impact the economy by jeopardising investments in the sector, India Inc said today.
"The decision taken by the Supreme Court to cancel all but four coal blocks is likely to adversely impact the domestic coal supplies in the country and will erode investor confidence," CII President Ajay Shriram said.
Currently, about 42 blocks are producing coal to the tune of 53 million tonnes and account for 10 per cent of the total coal supplied in the country.
"This judgement will lead to serious supply disruptions as mining from these blocks will be hampered, further exacerbating the coal shortages in the country. Any disruption in the coal supplies will accentuate power crisis and force higher imports impacting the current account deficit," Shriram said.
Terming the Supreme Court's ruling cancelling 214 coal blocks as "a bit harsh", Assocham President Rana Kapoor said: "Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown".
"Being largely dependent on the thermal power, it is the coal which fires the economic growth, which will be halted, besides, the dependence on coal imports will increase," he added.
In a blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
"While the judgement may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will jeopardise the investments made in the sector. It will raise questions on sanctity of government policies impacting the investment climate. The government will need to expedite reallocating the cancelled producing blocks so that production is not affected in the short term," Shriram said.
"The court's decision has created uncertainty and is likely to impact key sectors including power, steel and mining. In particular, given that the power sector is the largest consumer of coal in India (coal-based power generation accounts for 2/3rd of India's electricity mix), this development is likely to exacerbate the shortage of fuel for the power sector," he added.
According to CII, acute fuel shortages are already impacting the power sector and currently close to 80 million tonnes of coal is being imported to meet the sector's requirements.
"Another sector that will be impacted by this ruling is the financial sector as the exposure of public sector banks to the power and steel sectors is considerable. In fact, banks account for over 60 per cent of the overall investments in these blocks," Shriram said.
Ficci President Sidharth Birla said: "The cancellation of coal blocks involves significant investments and will obviously impact the economy and investment climate, therefore a quick response from Government will help allay the apprehensions".
"I am hopeful that this decision would act as a precursor to review of coal sector policy paving way for full-fledged coal reforms starting with amendment in Coal Mines Nationalisation Act, 1973 and Mine Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 to facilitate entry of private entities in coal exploration and mining," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Power calls off Rs 12000cr deal with Jaypee GroupReliance Power calls off Rs 12000cr deal with Jaypee Group
iPhone software update hits AppleApple apologises for bungling iPhone software update
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2648f80-4419-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi wears matching Red for India s Red Planet MissionModi wears matching Red for India s Red Planet Mission
24 killed as bus falls into HimachalreservoirRescue work underway at the accident site, in Bilaspur on Wednesday. ( Source: Express photo by Shakti Upadhyay )
Express News Service | Shimla | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:08 am
At least 24 people drowned and 17 sustained injuries after an overloaded private bus plunged into the Gobind Sagar reservoir at Bilaspur district in Himachal Pradesh on Wednesday morning. The bodies have been fished out from the reservoir, part of the Bhakra project, while search operations are on for the missing. Authorities are yet to verify the exact number of passengers on the bus.
Principal Secretary (revenue and disaster management) Tarun Shridhar, who along with state DGP Sanjay Kumar, flew to Bilaspur, said: “The search operation involving divers of the Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB), local fishermen, police and home guard teams will continue till Thursday. The bus was overloaded and several people were travelling on its roof”.
Survivors who swam to safety informed authorities of the accident. The private bus was on its way from Rishikesh to Bilaspur with most of its passengers being local commuters, including half a dozen students and nearly a dozen women.
Bilaspur Deputy Commissioner, Ajay Sharma, who was at the spot, told The Indian Express over phone that the 24 bodies have been identified and handed over to the next of kin. “I can’t say anything on the cause of the accident but survivors have informed us that the bus was overloaded and rashly driven,” he said.
The Additional District Magistrate at Bilaspur, Pradeep Thakur, will be the inquiry officer and has been asked to submit the report within a week to the government, CM Virbhadra Singh said in Shimla. He also appreciated the role of the administration and senior officers, who were rushed from Shimla to oversee the search operations.
The CM also announced an immediate relief of Rs 10,000 each to the next of the kin of the victims and Rs 5,000 each to the injured. He added that a further Rs 1.5 lakh will be distributed to the next of kin of the victims.
Authorities have recovered the wreckage of the bus as some bodies were trapped inside. Police sources said the driver had jumped out of the bus and has gone underground. “It happened all of a sudden that we did not get time to anticipate the accident. I broke open the window to eject myself and then tried to swim through the deep waters,” said Raj Kumar, one of the injured.
Meanwhile, Governor Urmila Singh and Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh expressed their condolences to the relatives of the victims.

Is Narendra Modi PM of Gujarat alone: NarayanRaneNarayan Rane and Nitesh Rane
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:39 am
If Konkan strongman and senior Maharashtra Congress leader Narayan Rane was sulking over being ignored for key posts less than a couple of months ago, he was back as an aggressive strategist on Wednesday. He launched an offensive against the Narendra Modi-led government, accusing the Centre of plotting to undermine Mumbai’s status as the country’s financial capital.
Rane, 62, attacked the Centre over an alleged decision to relocate three divisions of RBI’s Foreign Investment Division from Mumbai to Delhi. While RBI has announced the divisions would continue to be part of Mumbai’s Foreign Exchange Department, Rane accused the Centre of a “deliberate ploy to undermine Mumbai’s status as the business and financial capital”.
Claiming he had written to Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan to convene an urgent cabinet meeting to condemn the Centre’s move, Rane said the Maharashtra Congress will hit the streets asking Mumbaikars to protest. “We won’t sit quiet till the Centre rescinds the move,” he declared.
Rane is also simultaneously leading a charge against the Modi government of “conspiring” to parcel out 1,800 acres of prime land in Mumbai worth Rs 75,000 crore to a businessman affiliated to the BJP. Rane said that in the name of development of Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust land, the Centre was planning to shift container traffic from JNPT to Mundhra port in Gujarat. “It has plans to release the unlocked 1,800 acres JNPT land to a businessman who is close to the BJP,” he said. About Modi, he said: “Is he the prime minister of Gujarat alone?”
The Congress’s poll committee chief also strove to strike an emotive chord with Marathi-speaking voters by attacking the BJP for using Shivaji’s name in its election slogan.
The makeover
Only in July this year, Rane resigned from the cabinet and threatened to quit the party, unhappy that promises made to him when he joined the party were not being kept. At Kankavli in Konkan mid-July, the industries minister had warned the assembly election outcome would be a duplication of the Lok Sabha numbers for the Congress, railed against the “present leadership” and more or less pitched himself for the post of Maharashtra Congress chief.
Despite his own narrowing support base in the Konkan and his son’s Lok Sabha election debacle, Rane was mollified — the Congress did not want a rebellion on its hands after the Lok Sabha rout. Since then, Rane has presented himself as the aggressive face of the
Maharashtra Congress, ready to take on Modi, his own detractors in the Congress and the Rane-baiters in Konkan.
With the MNS factor on the ebb in Mumbai and other urban pockets in the state, the Congress, which suffered a wipeout in the entire Mumbai Metropolitan Region, is now staring a rout from the region during the assembly polls, and Rane is taking up that vacant political space in the Congress leadership.
A division of Marathi-speaking votes between the Shiv Sena and the MNS in 2009 continued…

New video: Zookeeper tried to get to tiger  crowds stones got itfirstPrint
An irate White Tiger staring at a student after he fell in its enclosure at the Delhi Zoo on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:36 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 2:38 am
In the minutes before the white tiger killed 22-year-old Maqsood at the Delhi Zoo on Tuesday, zookeeper Shyam Lal tried to lure it away. And though the tiger, named Vijay, reacted to his calls, it seemed to be agitated by the shrieking crowd and the stones they threw at him, prompting it to unleash its final attack.
These details have been clearly captured in a video that has surfaced, which has been accessed by The Indian Express.
In the video, Maqsood has his hands clasped and seems to be praying, crouching under the tiger’s gaze. For about one-and-a-half minutes, the tiger doesn’t touch him. It is repeatedly distracted by the desperate cries of Shyam Lal, who reared it since its birth in 2007. The zookeeper can be heard shouting, “Vijay, aa ja”.
Meanwhile, the crowd can be heard screaming. The tiger looks up twice at the crowd. A stone then hits the tiger, and it unleashes its fatal attack on Maqsood, grabbing him and dragging him to the other side of the enclosure. Shyam Lal finally keeps quiet.
Officials said if the crowd had not behaved in that fashion, Maqsood could have been saved. “Shyam Lal reared the tiger… The two had a close bond… The tiger knew that Shyam Lal wasn’t a threat, and would have left the man alone if it had not been agitated,” said Riaz Khan, the zoo curator.
Pointing out that the tiger was born in captivity, Khan said, “It was rarely aggressive… It always listened to Shyam Lal’s calls and was in many ways particularly tame.”

Worlds largest turban on displayUpdated: September 25, 2014 02:42 IST
World’s largest turban on display
Aarti Dhar
The Hindu The 151-foot long turban at Bagore ki Haveli Museum in Udaipur. Photo: Rohit Jain Paras
TOPICS
human interest
Touted as the world’s biggest ‘pagri’, a 151-inch turban is quite an attraction for the visitors at the heritage Bagore ki Haveli here.
Created by Avanti Lal Chawla of Baroda, this headgear represents the styles of turbans worn by the peasants of three bordering States — Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat.
The left side of the turban represents the Gujarati farmers, the right Madhya Pradesh and in the middle is the Rajasthani style. Placed in the Turban Museum of the haveli, the 30-inch high turban has a circumference of 11 feet, weighs 30 kg and is 7-inches thick.
In India, headgears stand for respect, religious salutations and social identifications.
Most turbans are also meant to signify an individual’s social, economic and political status. It can speak for caste, creed, religion, trade, profession or the region a person hails from. But it also protects some communities and tribes from the severities of weather.
Also known as paagh, pagdhi, saafa, pagot, patka, potia and phenta, turbans have a special place in Indian culture and literature. Even the Vedic period has references to the use of turbans, which in Sanskrit, were known as Shirastran, Ushnish and Shirovastra.
Turbans come in various textures and different colours representing seasons and occasions. The lengths can also vary, but all require expertise in tying as the exercise can be long and winding! In the rural hinterland, villagers have improvised it to suit their need like carrying firewood and fodder, or drinking water or even helping a person in distress.
The modest collection of turbans at the Bagore ki Haveli museum has turbans mainly from Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Goa.

How much is a date with you worthThis is a real billboard.(AP Photo/Keith Srakocic)
SHARE
Anisse Gross
September 24, 2014
After the classic introduction (mutual friends), the second-most popular way for couples to meet is online. With that level of success, online dating is going niche, with sites like Gluten Free Singles and Tall Friends helping users maximize efficiency through tailored dating strategies. The trade off is reductivity: drop down menus may make dating easier, but meeting a potential suitor this way can feel less like love and more like marketing.
Which I guess shouldn’t make it so surprising, but when I learned of Carrot Dating , which allows users to offer “bribes,” such as a tank of gas or plastic surgery, in exchange for dates—I was alarmed. It’s hard to not immediately be concerned with the conflation of one’s romantic prospects with something as crude as well, crude oil, particularly as a woman. Brandon Wade, founder of Carrot Dating doesn’t see the problem. In fact, he’s interested in literally putting people “on the market.”
Wade, the kingpin of economically-weighted dating sites, including Seeking Arrangement (for sugar daddies and babies), What’s Your Price (bidding on first dates), and Miss Trave l (paying for traveling companions), focuses on creating sites that allow users (mostly male) to leverage money in exchange for dates. Carrot Dating is Wade’s effort to attract the masses, as you don’t have to be a millionaire to play.
But when Carrot Dating was launched in 2013, it was  not well received.  Carrot Dating’s press release comparing women to dogs certainly didn’t help (“Give a dog a bone and it will obey. Give a woman a present and she’ll…..”), nor did the site crassly encouraging users to “dangle their carrots.” The media was grossed out. Apple refused to allow the apps on their products, relegating users to Android. Feminists railed against the site , noting safety issues. Seeking Arrangement did in fact make news when a Google executive died of a lethal heroin overdose administered by a woman he was seeing through the site.
Cue my hesitation in creating a temporary account to find out how it all worked. All other issues aside, just the idea of figuring out what a date with myself is worth brought up enough issues for a lifetime of therapy. Is a drink with me worth a full tank of gas? Is a night in bed with me worth a new pair of sneakers? I’d rather not measure my intelligence in sky-diving trips or my looks in electric bills.
Wade sees it differently. “My mother told me to focus on school and that when I became successful the dating game would turn around for me,” Wade said via phone from Las Vegas. “But even when I was making six figures I was still shy; the dating game never turned around for me.”
So Wade turned the dating game around for himself, by creating Seeking Arrangement in 2006, a site that matches rich men with young women who like their “company.” Seeking Arrangement has since amassed 3.62 million members worldwide; nearly 3 million of those members are women, according to the site’s public relations manager. Wade said, “We know the economic angle works as a form of attraction; we wanted to apply that concept to regular guys who aren’t necessarily millionaires but still want to be generous.” Thus Carrot Dating was born.
So, what’s the problem? “All dating sites are superficial in nature,” Wade said. “Look at Tinder—that’s just people judging each other on their looks. I say if guys can leverage their biceps, why not their wallet?”
Paul Oyer, an economist at Stanford and author of Everything I Ever Needed to Know About Economics I Learned from Online Dating agrees.
“We like to think that people should be free to make their own choices about what they want to do,” Oyer said, “but there are certain markets we as a society have decided not to allow for no reason other than that they disgust people. There’s no real reason from an economist’s perspective that we shouldn’t allow them.” Oyer cites the work of fellow economist, Alvin Roth, who writes about repugnant markets .  “Roth uses the example of dwarf tossing, which is outlawed in many places. If you’re a dwarf and you want to do that for a living, a lot of people would say you should be allowed to.”
Plus, it’s not like we don’t already sell ourselves online. “One can argue that being a sugar daddy or baby is something a lot of people are already doing implicitly,” said Oyer. “You have people chasing money and flaunting money to pick up attractive people; these sites are just institutionalizing that a bit more. A lot of people feel like you’ve crossed a line once you institutionalize it, even though it helps intermediate these exchanges.”
If as a society we’ve decided that Wade’s sites are repugnant, particularly with respect to feminist ideals, who are the women using them? Public relations manager Angela Bermudo provided me with some statistics: On Seeking Arrangement (Carrot Dating did not have detailed information), over 42% of the “sugar babies” on the site are students, who are awarded free premium memberships with proof of enrollment in school. 488,050 are single mothers; 40,000 are teachers. The sugar daddies? 31% are executives, 26% are entrepreneurs, 16% work in finance, and 33% are married. The Institute for Women’s Policy Research tracks the gender wage gap over time, and estimates that it will take until 2058 for women to reach equal pay. So perhaps the economics of Wade’s dating sites merely reflects the gender wage gap in the workplace.
There are many economic theories that are based on women as objects of consumerism. The hemline index theory suggests skirts rise and fall with the market. The lipstick index says that women buy more luxury goods in a recession. Same with the manicure index and the high heel index. Do Wade’s sites reveal something particular about the current economic landscape, or are they simply playing into reinforcing the role of women as passive players in the marketplace? Seeking Arrangement’s 3.62 million members compared to Carrot Dating’s 100,000 suggests that the women who use this site are less interested in bribes and more interested in substantial cash. While there are many good arguments that sex work should be legalized, creating distinct boundaries between sex work and ordinary dating is important to ensure clarity between the two. Some people might feel that blurring the lines between them isn’t a big deal, but relationships centered on economic exchanges often have different rules from relationships built around romance and potential love. My romantic life seems to be enough trouble without the added power dynamic of exchanging money for my time.
On the other hand, my freelance-based financial insecurity might explain why, while signed into my fake Carrot Dating account, I noticed my initial repulsion giving way to mild excitement when considering that meeting someone for a drink could net me something I actually need. My larger fear, however, was that agreeing to this exchange might delay the arrival of pay parity for women to sometime closer to 3058, and would fix me into the role of consumer, not producer.  Are we more than the sum of our marketable parts? Is there a part of our love lives that can’t be reduced? It depends if you’re asking an economist or a philosopher.
Let’s not forget the original story from which this dating site draws its name. A boy dangles a carrot on a stick just out of reach of his donkey. The poor animal reaches for the carrot, and thus pulls the boy’s cart. The boy gets his way, and the donkey gets played, every time.
Follow Anisse on Twitter @anissegross . 
Share this:

An era of clean growth is a safe betClean growth is a safe bet in the climate casino
By Martin Wolf
With the right support from governments, a low-carbon future need not be one of perpetual misery
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dfb4dcae-426c-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US needs precision politics on IsisUS needs precision politics if bombs are to defeat Isis
By David Gardner in Beirut
Regional consensus is needed to stop the jihadis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0128c592-4328-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No hard landing yet in ChinaAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

For American beer  a global identity crisisBy Drew Harwell September 23 Follow @drewharwell
Soon, none of these will be fully owned by American-based companies. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
American beer is in the midst of a global identity crisis. Domestic sales of light beer fell again last year, while imported lagers, spirits and wines climbed. The biggest beer brands in the United States — think Budweiser, Miller and Coors — are now owned, respectively, by people in Belgium, England and Canada. The nation’s two most popular American-owned beer brands? Corona and Modelo. Both are brewed in Mexico.
Now comes a new bombshell for flag-waving American beer drinkers: Pabst Brewing, owner of some of the most well-loved, all-American, blue-collar brews in the country, will soon be  bought  by a Cyprus-based beverage conglomerate that calls itself the biggest independent brewer in Russia. The iconic brand behind Pabst Blue Ribbon, the red-white-and-blue-canned lager founded in Milwaukee before the Civil War, announced late last week that it will be bought by  Oasis Beverages , which runs breweries in Moscow, Kazakhstan and Ukraine.
Even in a country where beer ads are typically marked by stock cars, soldiers and patriotic horses , few breweries have American credentials as deep as Pabst’s. The largest private brewing company in North America, its beers include cheap malts such as Colt 45, Schlitz and Old Milwaukee, as well as regional favorites such as Lone Star (“ The National Beer of Texas ”), National Bohemian (a Baltimore classic from the “ Land of Pleasant Living “), Rainier (“ We Heart Seattle ”) and Old Style (“ Chicago’s Beer since 1902 .”)
Oasis has voiced no plans to change that. It will partner with TSG Consumer Partners, an American private-equity firm, to buy Pabst for about $700 million from billionaire food-industry investor C. Dean Metropoulos, who bought Pabst for $250 million in 2010. Oasis Chairman Eugene Kashper, a U.S. citizen who lives in New York and will become Pabst’s chief executive, said he will keep the company headquarters in Los Angeles.  In a statement , he extolled the brewer’s American virtue, calling Pabst Blue Ribbon “the quintessential American brand — it represents individualism, egalitarianism and freedom of expression — all the things that make this country great.”
But the announcement of Pabst’s sale to Oasis, which brews a bevy of Russian beers as well as soft drinks and juice, was quickly painted as an American betrayal.  Fans of PBR  unloaded on its Facebook page , with one critic pledging to dump all of what he called “the new Communist beer” down the drain. Drinkamerican.us , a blog that ridiculed the foreign-owned Budweiser and celebrated Pabst’s American heritage, was replaced, briefly, on Monday with a large four-letter word.
“I was actually surprised at how frustrated I was . . .  that an American icon was even considering something like this,” said David Lauterbach, the New Yorker who started the Drinkamerican blog after Anheuser-Busch’s sale to foreign buyers in 2008. “That a red, white and blue beer can that so long had symbolized America would consider essentially selling out.”
Pabst executives have gone on the defensive, issuing a statement poking holes in media reports touting a Russian takeover and saying, “Our new colleagues will remain vigilant in staying true to the brand’s identity.” Publicly, Pabst has doubled down on its American roots, posing a can of PBR like Gen. George S. Patton in a flag-draped tweet saying, “Pabst will remain American owned and operated.”
There are a lot of rumors about us out there right now . . . This is the real story—> http://t.co/N1NEFIJjWR via @nypost pic.twitter.com/JsFLu4AHnk
— Pabst Blue Ribbon (@PabstBlueRibbon) September 23, 2014
The brewer’s purchase, though, is only the latest drop in the long-swirling sea of the nation’s hyper-globalized beer industry. Miller Brewing became SABMiller when it was bought in 2002 by South African Breweries. Coors merged with Canada beer giant Molson in 2005. In 2008, Anheuser-Busch, the St. Louis-based maker of Budweiser that had run ads poking fun at Miller’s international roots, was bought by InBev, a Belgian-Brazilian beer conglomerate.
The all-American small-brewer business model that Pabst rode to mainstream glory has changed dramatically, and the alcohol business, once so heritage-driven, has become knotted in a tangle of globe-trotting mergers and mega-deals. Anheuser-Busch Inbev, the world’s largest beer maker, wants to buy SABMiller, the second-biggest . SABMiller made an offer to buy the Dutch brewer Heineken — also the second-largest brewer in Mexico, where it brews Dos Equis and Tecate — but the deal was shot down.
And it’s not just beer. Beam Inc., the parent of classic Kentucky bourbons Jim Beam and Maker’s Mark, was bought in January for $16 billion by Suntory Holdings, the Japanese whiskey giant Bill Murray’s character shilled for in “Lost in Translation.” A Beam spokesman said then , “We operate in a global economy, and the fact is, international ownership is relatively common among successful Kentucky distilleries and bourbon brands.” (It’s true: Another big distillery, Wild Turkey, is owned by Gruppo Campari, maker of SKYY Vodka and Italian liqueur.)
There are online communities and  detailed guides  on how to find out whether a beer is American-made. And drinkers can still buy beers from big American brewers such as Yuengling, based in Pennsylvania, and Samuel Adams, from Massachusetts’ Boston Beer Company. But American beer drinkers today boast “increasingly global palates,” analysts at Euromonitor International said, and that’s leading them to turn away from light Americana domestics such as Old Style, once advertised as “pure brewed in God’s country.”
Pabst Blue Ribbon has surged among the hipster set, and sales have doubled since 2004, but the broader Pabst brand is still weak in sales. Last year was Pabst’s slowest for beer shipments in at least a decade, according to data from Beer Marketer’s Insights.  Constellation Brands , the New York alcohol giant and parent of Mexican cervezas such as Corona, Pacifico and Modelo, saw shipments more than triple over the same time period. Mexican beers, as Euromonitor analysts wrote, “have an aura of vacation and relaxation that appeals to many US consumers.”
Pabst’s losses are tied to the larger trend of light domestic lagers losing ground to wines and spirits. Even darker brews are looking better: Americans drank more than 1 billion liters of dark beer last year, making it the nation’s fastest-growing type of alcohol. U.S. drinkers also are opting against buying from big brewers and instead turning to a growing flood of craft breweries. The country had 2,822 running breweries last year, up 39 percent from 2011, and more than 1,000 new craft breweries are in planning nationwide.
The United States is far from losing its status as a brewing heavyweight: About 85 percent of the lager Americans drank last year was made in the United States. (For brewers, that’s less a patriotic strategy than a logistical one: Americans drink more lager than nearly every other country, so brewing it here helps keep shipping costs low.) Not many consumer favorites can boast such a high made-in-America share. So why do some drinkers show such a feeling of loss when an American brand extends overseas?
“I buy an iPhone even though it’s made in China, but it’s designed in California. I buy Fords even though the parts are made globally but still assembled in the U.S. But there’s just this historic, iconic value to a can of beer,” said Lauterbach, the Drinkamerican blogger. “All these old brands my father used to drink, they’re burnt into my head, back to this time when this was the American way. They hung in with us in for a couple generations, and then it gets to my generation, and I feel like — what happened?”
Analysts don’t expect the new owners to change too much about the Pabst’s golden brand. Like Pabst, Oasis has specialized in developing brands tied to city heritage, and its beers command big market share in Moscow and Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan. Instead, they are likely to try to make more money off Pabst’s strengths: its cool factor, its roots and the public perception it’s still linked to the tiny craft breweries it long left behind.
“Pabst has got a history, it’s got a heritage, it has a vintage factor,” said Amin Alkhatib, an alcoholic beverages industry analyst for Euromonitor in London. “They’re not going to change the brand, what it stands for. . . . They’re going to push to increase market share, take on those craft-beer [profit] margins and add a premium factor to the brand.”
But will Pabst weather the worries about foreign tinkering with an American classic? Benj Steinman, president of the trade publication Beer Marketer’s Insights, said it’s just a matter of time. When the Miller and Busch brewers were bought, “there was a lot more noise than impact at the time. And I’m sure the Pabst folks hope it’s the same case this time,” Steinman said.
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

Global grain supplies are soaring© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/42403074-3fe0-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When demand is strong  reforms are shelved© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ab958e4-3fe8-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Magic Formula for Distraction Subtractionreddit
Sharply focused teams tend to deliver results effectively.  Those who take on too many things tend to melt down. Sounds simple, but in this distracted world, it's an issue in most organizations.
Is everyone on your team aware of your short list of key priorities?  If I asked them, could they rattle them off? Are you actively monitoring for distractions and filtering them out?
Whether you're running a Fortune 500 corporation, a pre-IPO start up, or a government agency, the simple formula of choose, transmit, and filter can make the difference between success and failure. In fact, many leaders who under-deliver on their goals or fail in their roles, do one or two of these things well, but not all three.
Fixing Failure to Choose
Here's what I hear when I interview the leader's colleagues: "She says "yes" too often, and we end up having 10 big priorities -- that's too many, and we lose focus." And, "He changes priorities too frequently. If it's a "shiny object," then he wants to try it, and we're left saying 'What just happened?'"
Fix it: To deliver most effectively you first need to narrow down the universe of the "important" to a small number of key priorities that: a) are within your / your group's capabilities, b) will directly propel your organization or initiative to its overall desired goals within a set time frame, and c) will address and remove key obstacles along the way.  These priorities need to be likely to remain as important a year from now as they are today, and highly correlated to your organizational strategy.
Fixing Failure to Transmit Your Priorities
Sounds like: "He has a good idea of what he wants -- or we think he does -- but he's very guarded about them, so we're not at all sure where we're heading and why." And, "I know she's got priorities, but I'm not totally sure what they are -- she needs to let everyone know what they are, so we're all on the same page."
Fix it: To deliver most effectively once you have your handful of priorities, you now need to "transmit" them over and over -- and over again -- to all involved.  Stay on message with them by returning to them in your future communication, social media, and other forums.  Priorities are useless if they're clear in your mind but aren't drilled into the minds of the entire organization.  Make your priorities their mantras.
Fixing Failure to Filter
Sounds like: "She's an idea truck -- every month she'll dump off (or she'll get from HQ) the next batch of big ideas, and we end up changing tactics and strategies too often." And, "He needs to hold the line on our priorities when the board is asking questions about alternatives. Just because they ask a question or challenge a strategy doesn't mean he should go change it."
Fix it: Potential distractions to your key priorities are always trying to clot the arteries of your enterprise -- it's human (and organizational) nature.  It's critical that you actively monitor for them and filter them out.
If the latest great idea or important initiative is not directly related to delivering one of your key priorities then it's your time to shine with a creative "no thank you."
Filtering out potential and actual distractions before they impact the people doing your work - -having the "managerial courage" to say no to colleagues, higher-ups, or your board, whom you're more inclined to please than disappoint -- means you need to be creative to make sure they can absorb and agree to a "no."
To that end, and to say no effectively, you need to be careful.  Remember that it's the task at hand AND the long term relationship with the person you've got to turn down.
Provide them with plenty of context and rationale for the denial.  Sometimes a flat out high-context "no" is the right thing, particularly when you think they'll absorb it well.  In other cases -- as in dealing with a more autocratic board or CEO, it often needs to be a "yes, that's a great idea, and we have to find the right time for it - if we don't want to interfere with the results we've shared with the marketplace, then it should be a next-year thing," or a "yes, and here's what would happen to our results if we did that," or a "yes, and here's what would be needed for that to happen."
* * *
Keep your own (and your team's) focus as clear as a bell: Choose, transmit and filter your way to achieve results, and your team will be more likely than not to stay on track and execute effectively.
Follow David Peck on Twitter: www.twitter.com/recoveringleadr
More:

Overqualified and Underemployed: My Journey to Find a New Jobreddit
Recently, I did something I thought I'd never have the courage to do. I quit my job without a back-up plan. Soon after, I began sending resumes to companies that were in line with my interests and past experiences. I had a pretty good start. I received email replies, which led to phone calls and in-person interviews. I asked intelligent questions and had fruitful conversations with HR about my qualifications. I felt good about my skill set and was confident I would be negotiating my new salary before the week's end.
However, after several days, then weeks of radio silence, I received polite emails informing me I had not been chosen. Though I knew I shouldn't have, I scoured the websites of the companies that had rejected me to see who was ultimately hired. To my horror, I saw that the hired candidates had less work experience, had graduated from less prestigious universities and were all around less impressive candidates than I was. I was baffled and distraught. Did I have some sort of twitch that came out during interviews? Had I forgotten to email a thank you note? How had these inferior candidates gotten a job over me?
With nothing left to lose, I emailed one of the companies that had rejected me. "I have a bit of an unusual question for you," I wrote. "Can you tell me why you didn't hire me?" The response was short. "It was so great chatting with you. We felt you were very aligned with our company's mission and culture, but we felt you were overqualified for the role and would not feel challenged in the position."
There it was. I hadn't been rejected because I wasn't good enough. I was rejected because I was too good. It was like being turned down at the dance because you were too pretty, or rejected from Harvard because you were too smart. Who were they to tell me what I was overqualified to do? I had taken the time to apply, given an enthusiastic interview and followed up -- it was clear I wanted the job!
The whole process reminded me of college applications. I had gotten rejected from my safety school, the school your guidance counselor tells you to apply to as a backup. The school you are 100 percent supposed to get in to. I remember storming into his office, rejection letter in hand, only to have him explain that some schools did not accept overqualified candidates in order to make room for students that would actually attend. In a classic dating move from my early 20s, the university had rejected me before I could reject them. It seems employers hold a similar mentality.
I spoke to Patricia Schwardon, a career counselor, to gain some more insight into today's hiring practices.
"HR's job is to eliminate applicants," she told me. "If they are looking for someone with two to three years experience, and you have five to six, in their eyes, you aren't qualified for the job."
Most likely, an overqualified candidate will feel less engaged and won't want to stay at her position, Schwardon said.  An employer doesn't want to hire someone they know is too good for the job, because chances are the candidate thinks so too. Overqualified candidates tend to stay in jobs shorter and often require hire starting salaries.
Still, it didn't seem fair. What if I just really wanted the job? Should I dumb myself down? Lie about my job experience and lower my GPA a few points? Did I need to be mediocre just to get a job I knew I would be good at? Yet perhaps this was the problem in itself. Was I setting my goals too low? Was I not challenging myself enough in my job prospects?
I talked with Lisa Speransky, an entrepreneur and current head of marketing at BEABA, about her extensive experience interviewing candidates. She shed some much-needed light on my predicament.
"Hiring is a lot like dating," she explained. "It has to be the right moment for both of you."
Comparing my job search to dating actually made sense. One was entering into a relationship that had the potential to be mutually beneficial, but only if both parties had clear expectations. If a young company was looking for someone in a support role, and my end game was rising to a managerial position within said company, then neither of us would be getting what we wanted. Just like finding that special someone who shares your values and desires, an employer wants a candidate that wants the job advertised, not someone looking for the next best thing.
I realized that much like New York's frustrating dating scene, being transparent about goals and expectations is key in finding the right job.
Remember that time you told someone you were dating you were fine with a casual thing but really wanted a long-term commitment? I sure do. What I remember most is how badly things ended, and how much easier it would have been to be honest from the start. Call me a romantic, but I have hope that special job is out there. It's not too big and not too small, and when I find it, it will be exactly the right size. Mine.
Follow Dina Mikhails on Twitter: www.twitter.com/d_mags212
More:

Coal: Firms likely to pay Rs Rs 7 905 crore ...Firms like Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Hindalco and others likely to pay Rs Rs 7,905 crore in penalty
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 10.32PM IST
Tags:
CAG
(The Supreme Court agreed…)
NEW DELHI: Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Hindalco and other companies whose coal mine alloctions were scrapped by the Supreme Court today are likely to pay about Rs 7,905 crore in penalty.
The Supreme Court while cancelling 214 of 218 coal mine permits given to companies for their own use since 1993 also agreed to the government's proposal to impose a fee of Rs 295 a tonne on coal produced from the captive mines which were allowed to operate until March 31.
The penalty will total to about Rs 7,905 crore, industry sources said.
Industry officials said the investment climate will be hit "if wealth creators are treated in this manner in the country" while no action whatsoever was taken against the policy makers.
"We trusted sovereign promises and ventured ahead and invested huge over Rs 2 lakh crore. Nothing was given to us free of cost.
"NoC was taken from Coal India and we were given the worst mines which were inaccessible. We were coerced to expedite our plants linked with these and one fine day all assets created are demolished like a pack of cards. This is not fair," a top official of an affected company, who did not wish to be quoted, said.
A top level executive of another affected company, on condition of anonymity, said : "How would you feel if you put all your hard-earned money in obtaining a DDA flat and after five years you are told that the process was wrong and you find yourself on street."
"Why did the government convene quarterly meetings in the name of inter-ministeral groups to review the development process of blocks, forced us to expedite work on end-use plants where we invested thousands of crores or money. Who is now going to believe them?" asked an official of another company.
Another official said the Rs 295-a-tonne penalty was imposed based on CAG's notional loss estimate of Rs 1.86 lakh crore on account of allocation of mines without auction but no one took into consideration that UG mines are considered loss-making.
"We built the roads, developed tough underground mines in the manner in which even Coal India is unable to do. We did not sell even a tonne of coal. We are paying royalty...," another industry official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HC grants 3-wks protection to Merc from CCI ..."We will pass the same order given in the BMW India case. You (Mercedes) move the Madras High Court," a bench of Justice Vibhu Bakhru said. (Image: EPA)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court today granted Mercedes Benz India Pvt Ltd three weeks interim protection from Competition Commission of India (CCI) order imposing a penalty of Rs 23.08 crore on the luxury car maker for allegedly violating trade norms in after-services market and spare parts.
"We will pass the same order given in the BMW India case. You (Mercedes) move the Madras High Court," a bench of Justice Vibhu Bakhru said.
On September 22, the court stayed the operation of the order of CCI for three weeks against BMW and had asked the car manufacturing firm to move the Madras High Court which had already issued a "blanket order" on September, 2013 staying the investigation in the matter.
On August 25, 2014, CCI had fined BMW and 13 other companies, including Mercedes-Benz India Pvt Ltd, Rs 2,554 crore for allegedly violating trade norms in the spare parts and after-services market and the same was to be deposited within 60 days.
For each entity, the individual fine amounted to two per cent of their average turnover.
Apart from seeking a stay on the fine, Mercedes has also challenged CCI's legal proceedings on alleged anti-competitive practice of selling spare parts at higher prices.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Watchdog: French hostage beheaded by extremists linked to IS groupprint
Algerian extremists allied with the Islamic State group have decapitated a French hostage after France ignored their demand to stop airstrikes in Iraq, according to a video obtained on Wednesday by a US-based terrorism watchdog.
A group calling itself Jund al-Khilafah, or Soldiers of the Caliphate, had said they would kill French mountaineer Herve Gourdel after abducting him Sunday unless France ended its airstrikes against Islamic State fighters in Iraq within 24 hours.
Read: Haines beheading: Cameron vows to ‘extinguish’ IS
The French government insisted it would not back down.
In the video, masked gunmen from the newly formed group that split away from al-Qaida's North Africa branch, pledged their allegiance to the leader of the Islamic State group, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, and said they were fighting his enemies. They criticised the French attacks in Iraq as well as its intervention against radical Islamists in Mali.
Terrorism watchdog SITE Intelligence Group said the video had been posted on social networking site Twitter.
Read: Islamic State militants post another beheading video
Gourdel, a 55-year-old mountaineering guide from Nice, was seized in the Djura Djura mountains of northern Algeria on Sunday during a hiking trip. His Algerian companions were released.
Algerian forces unleashed a massive search for him in the remote mountainous region that is one of the last strongholds of Islamic extremists in Algeria.
The video resembled those showing the beheadings of two American journalists and a British aid worker in recent weeks, but instead of starting with clips of President Barack Obama speaking, it showed French President Francois Hollande.
France started airstrikes in Iraq on Friday, the first country to join the US military campaign against the Islamic State fighters there.
"Our values are at stake," French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said today after hearing about the video. He would not comment further, but minutes earlier he insisted that France would continue fighting in Iraq as long as necessary.
Read: No God condones this terror, says Obama at UN
Algeria has been fighting Islamic extremists since the 1990s and in recent years they had been largely confined to a few mountainous areas, where they have concentrated on attacking soldiers and police while leaving civilians alone.
The killing of a hostage represents a departure for radical Islamic groups in Algeria which in the past decade have made millions of ransoming hostages.
The new group split away from al-Qaida's North Africa branch and declared allegiance to the al-Baghdadi's group in Iraq and Syria and has apparently adopted their tactic of killing hostages.

Ecuador rejects US-led strikes in SyriaEcuador rejects US-led strikes in Syria
Start-ups on global acquisition spreeStart-ups on global acquisition spree
http://usat.ly/1pdqWGKFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow up 154 as stocks end 3-day slide
Stocks were higher in morning trading Wednesday as investors hope to shake off a recent decline that saw the Dow drop more than 100 points for two straight days.
Post to Facebook
Dow up 154 as stocks end 3-day slide Stocks were higher in morning trading Wednesday as investors hope to shake off a recent decline that saw the Dow drop more than 100 points for two straight days. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pcUe8n
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow up 154 as stocks end 3-day slide
David Carrig, USA TODAY 4:25 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Video Keywords New York Yankees Chicago bear stock market S&P 500 Alibaba Syria Europe China
USA TODAY'S Adam Shell talks about the market's 3-day losing streak.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:07  The stock market kicks off the day sporting a three
00:10  day losing streak. And nobody likes losing streaks not New York
00:13  Yankees fans or Chicago bear fans or certainly not fans of
00:17  the stock market. Hi I'm -- shell of USA today. The
00:21  stock market is looking tired all the -- like a marathon
00:24  runner -- -- too much and is now at a gas
00:27  the market is starting to look tired. And the fatigue set
00:30  in on Friday the day after the market hit its 34
00:34  record close of the year on Friday. Optimism was high --
00:38  Bob -- is in full swing and investors were making money.
00:42  Then the jitters said and you can blame the hangover run
00:45  Alibaba you can blame. Bad economic data in Europe you can
00:49  blamed bombing of and Syria and you can also blamed weak
00:52  economic news in China. The bottom line is the market is
00:55  acting badly. Big stocks are struggling small caps are getting killed
01:00  tech stocks are down 2% since the Alibaba IPO. And even
01:04  blue chips are down. The S&P 500 is trying to avoid
01:08  its first forty losing streak this year. And the Dow is
01:11  coming up to 100 point decline is that's the first time
01:15  that's happened since June. Tech stocks are also getting hit hard.
01:19  The question is level the slide end. Investors don't really know
01:23  but the reality is the momentum is lost in the market
01:26  currently the question is will investors buy the dip again. Stay
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
30 CONNECT 117 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks rallied Wednesday as the Dow ended up more than 150 points and the S&P 500 broke a three-day losing streak.
The gains came as investors remain cautious about the Middle East conflict and U.S.-led airstrikes against Islamic State.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.9% -- 154 points -- to 17,210.06 as the blue-chip index recouped some of the losses generated from two straight days of more than 100-point drops.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.8% to 1998.30 and the Nasdaq composite index rose 1% to 4555.22. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq had seen three straight days of losses.
In economic news, new-home sales surged 18% in August and rose to the highest level since May 2008.
Aug. new home sales surge, highest in 6 years
Among the day's movers:
• Shares of Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBY) jumped 7.4% after the retailer reported earnings that beat Wall Street expectations.
• KB Home (KBH) dropped 5.3% after the homebuilder posted higher profit but fell short of analysts' estimates.
• Wal-Mart (WMT) said it will begin offering a checking account service in partnership with Green Dot (GDOT) that would simplify customer fees. Wal-Mart rose 2% and Green Dot surged 24.4%.
European stocks were higher Wednesday, recovering some from the previous day's steep losses. Germany's DAX index rose 0.7% to 9661.97 and France's CAC 40 index jumped 1.3% to 4413.72. Britain's FTSE index was up 0.4% to 6706.27.
In Asia, stock markets were mixed as Japan's Nikkei index dropped 0.2% to 16,167.45 and Hong Kong's Hang Send rose 0.4% to 23,921.61.
Stocks fell Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as the U.S.-led airstrikes began against the Islamic State. The Dow dropped 0.7% to 17,055.87 and the S&P 500 fell 0.6% to 1982.77. The Nasdaq fell 0.4% to 4508.69.

Mangalyaan craft slips into Red Planet orbitMangalyaan craft slips into Red Planet orbit
Volkswagen Vento Facelift Makes India Debut at 7.44 lakhVolkswagen Vento Facelift Makes India Debut at 7.44 lakh
Haryana Cong chief offers to quit over candidate rowprint
Haryana Congress president Ashok Tanwar on Wednesday reportedly offered to resign from his post after the party leadership overruled his opposition to the re-nomination of six sitting legislators, including a minister, facing allegations of corruption.
Health minister Rao Narender Singh and legislators Ram Kishan Fauji, Vinod Bhayana, Ram Niwas Ghorela, Naresh Kumar Selwal and Jarnail Singh are facing allegations of corruption after their names surfaced in the cash for change of land use (CLU) scam.
Congress sources said Tanwar, a former Youth Congress president and a close aide of Rahul Gandhi, had earlier in the day walked out of a party’s poll meeting in protest after he was told that the leadership had cleared their names for the October 15 assembly elections. He had consistently vetoed their names in all poll meetings.
A senior state leader told HT that Rahul Gandhi had also suggested that their names be dropped from the list. Their re-nomination could cost the party dearly as opposition parties would try to exploit the issue to their advantage in the elections. Citing the outcome of Lok Sabha elections, he said the Congress suffered its worst ever poll defeat mainly due to public perception.
However, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had been insisting on their re-nomination, arguing that no charges were yet framed against them. Congress sources said the leadership finally decided to go with Hooda’s choice, which was widely interpreted as a move to put the responsibility of winning the polls on the CM.
Later in the evening, the party released its list of all the 90 candidates which includes the names of these six legislators.
The main opposition, Indian National Lok Dal (INLD), had released video clips purportedly showing Congress leaders asking money for the CLU. Haryana Lokayukta, justice Pritam Pal, has reserved his order on the matter and is expected to deliver the verdict anytime soon.
Tanwar remained incommunicado and refused to answer phone calls even from his party colleagues. When contacted, Congress general secretary in-charge of Haryana, Shakeel Ahmed, feigned ignorance about Tanwar’s resignation. “I have no information about it. I am trying to contact him,” he said.

Confront violence  Obama urges MuslimsObama calls on Muslim world to confront ‘violent extremism’
By Geoff Dyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f5a1c58-4400-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rs 62 000 crore to be spent on Swachh BharatprogrammePrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:04 am
In a bid to promote cleanliness and sanitation in urban areas, the Union Cabinet Wednesday cleared the Swachh Bharat Mission for Urban Areas — a programme that will be implemented over a five-year period in 4,401 towns. It will be launched on Gandhi Jayanti. Of the Rs 62,009 crore likely to be spent on the programme, the Centre will pitch in Rs 14,623 crore.
The mission aims to cover 1.04 crore households, provide 2.5 lakh community toilets, 2.6 lakh public toilets, and a solid waste management facility in each town. Under the programme, community toilets will be built in residential areas where it is difficult to construct individual household toilets. Public toilets will also be constructed in designated locations such as tourist places, markets, bus stations, railway stations, etc.
“The programme includes elimination of open defecation, conversion of unsanitary toilets to pour flush toilets, eradication of manual scavenging, municipal solid waste management and bringing about a behavioural change in people regarding healthy sanitation practices,” Union Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said.
Of the Centre’s share of Rs 14,623 crore, Rs 7,366 crore will be spent on solid waste management, Rs 4,165 crore on individual household toilets, Rs 1,828 crore on public awareness and Rs 655 crore on community toilets.
The mission will also aim at generating awareness among citizens. The Cabinet also approved the restructuring of the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan into the Swachh Bharat Mission (Gramin).

India to seek US help in tackling currencyfraudPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:00 am
India will seek help from the US in tracking countries where bank note papers used to print fake Indian currency are manufactured. Greater cooperation on cyber security will also be taken up during PM Narendra Modi’s visit to the US, as India often faces problems in tracking down messages from US-based companies.
National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, who will accompany the PM on the trip, has given a go-ahead for the inclusion of these issues among the ones that will be discussed when the leaders of the two countries meet.
“We have been raising the issue of tracking down companies that supply bank note papers to print fake Indian currency with the US at various platforms, but this visit is significant so we expect some action on it. US has the capability to track down these companies located in multiple countries,” said an official.
“The fake currency notes, which are of finest quality and hard to detect, are being pumped in by Pakistan’s ISI from porous border areas and through other channels. We have enhanced the surveillance but production of these notes has to stop,” added the official.

Minor gangraped  killed inBadaunPrint
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:59 am
A 16-year-old Dalit girl was allegedly gangraped and murdered in Civil Lines police station area of Badaun district Tuesday. A case of gangrape and murder has been registered against the victim’s neighbour and his two unidentified friends on the complaint of the victim’s family.
According to the police, the autopsy did not find any ante-mortem injury or evidence of rape on the victim’s body. The viscera has been preserved for further laboratory tests. The police have arrested the accused, Prashant Arora (27), who is employed with a private telecommunication company. Search is on to nab the other accused.
Bareilly Range DIG RKS Rathore said that according to the complaint by the girl’s father, the incident took place between 11 pm and 12 pm on Tuesday when the girl (16) had gone out to fetch water.

Its youth power all the way!Updated: September 25, 2014 03:18 IST
It’s youth power all the way!
Madhumathi D. S.
Mission Operation Team show the autograph signed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at ISTRAC, in Bangalore. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
SLIDESHOW
space programme
Over the past months, the space buffs had sleepless work schedules and shouldered critical operations
They are a bunch of 20-something space buffs working in what is this week’s hottest Indian satellite campus. Over the past months, they kept irregular, sleepless work schedules, shouldered critical operations and helped to ensure that nothing wrong happened to the mother of all ISRO projects to date, the Mars Orbiter Mission.
In the last few months, they were “really stuck with MOM.” Orbit achieved, ten months of vigil was temporarily over and it was time to let their hair down and celebrate the fruit of that hard work.
Inside the control rooms, they shook hands with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and took his autograph.
After Wednesday’s MOI (Mars Orbit Insertion), Kamlesh Kumar Sharma of ISTRAC has at least four reasons to exult about. “I was the first one to send the first command when MOM was launched [on November 5]; the first again in the TMI [Trans Mars Injection of December 1, 2013] and one of the very few lucky ones to work as a prime controller during today’s [Wednesday’s] MOI burn. I was also [among] the first to verify the good news that we received after 21 minutes,” he said.
Kamlesh is part of the telemetry team that controls the spacecraft during its transit. On September 14 and 15, too, he was involved in loading the commands and contingency plans to the spacecraft — the same commands that were executed on Wednesday.
On Wednesday, after an overnight vigil at the ISTRAC spacecraft control campus, MOI brought a small respite to Kamlesh and his associates Rishabh Mishra, flight dynamics colleague Padmdeo Mishra and network operations engineer Nitesh Kumar.
Mishra’s task was to plan the engine burn duration and the small velocity difference that the spacecraft must reach. One wrong calculation and the spacecraft would have flown past Mars into the unknown.
Some 300 days later, they say there is work ahead: the orbiter must be carefully watched and tended to.
“We have already been monitoring the 4,000 parameters of the spacecraft 24x7. Now, the watch continues, it may be for six months, two years or more,” one of them said.

JSW enters fray as Reliance Power-JP Ventures deal falls flatJSW enters fray as Reliance Power-JP Ventures deal falls flat
Thai officials keep eye on foreign pollsThai officials keep close eye on foreign elections
By Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae7d3b86-42f8-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Strong demand for Rocket Internets IPORocket Internet puts the case for share price lift off
By Chris Bryant in Frankfurt, Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Sally Davies in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e4a59384-43de-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rocket Internet  red glare© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/80bab180-438c-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thai ultra-monarchists export vigilantism© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05e101fa-2f2b-11e4-a054-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former Thai leaders murder trial scrappedThai court drops murder charges against former premier and deputy
By Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f258e1b4-2e9b-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Africas MTN reinvents itself via musicAfrica’s MTN reinvents itself via music
By Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ccde890-3e4e-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MTN presses head with Syria licence plan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/280eeca0-1e3d-11e4-bb68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama call to act over network of deathObama calls on Muslim world to confront ‘violent extremism’
By Geoff Dyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f5a1c58-4400-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Commercial mining should be permitted: P C ParakhCommercial mining should be permitted: P C Parakh
Ikea to open store in Hyderabad - mediaIkea to open store in Hyderabad - media
Coalgate verdict: Odisha sees no immediate impactCoalgate verdict: Odisha sees no immediate impact
http://usat.ly/1sYhgAXFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Otherworldly and awe-inspiring: The best space photos from 2014
A vivid green aurora is reflected in the Jokulsrion Glacier lagoon at Vatnajokull National Park in Iceland. British photographer James Woodend won the title of Astronomy Photographer of the Year.
Post to Facebook
Otherworldly and awe-inspiring: The best space photos from 2014 A vivid green aurora is reflected in the Jokulsrion Glacier lagoon at Vatnajokull National Park in Iceland. British photographer James Woodend won the title of Astronomy Photographer of the Year. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pd3BER
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Otherworldly and awe-inspiring: The best space photos from 2014
A vivid green aurora is reflected in the Jokulsrion Glacier lagoon at Vatnajokull National Park in Iceland. British photographer James Woodend won the title of Astronomy Photographer of the Year. 
James Woodend, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Rock formation in the Wairarapa district of New Zealand create a stark foreground and  contrast to the dusty clouds dancing across the Milky Way. This photograph by Chris Murphy won the Sir Patrick Moore Prize for best newcomer. 
Chris Murphy, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
American photographer Bill Snyder won the Deep Space category for his image of the Horsehead Nebula IC 434. 
Bill Snyder, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
German photographer Eugen Kamenew won the People and Space category for his shot of the sun and moon setting together during an eclipse behind a Kenyan savannah skyline. 
Eugen Kamenew, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
The Robotic Scope category was won by Mark Hanson for his image of NGC 3718 taken from Rancho Hidalgo in Animas, N.M. 
Mark Hanson, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
A photograph titled "Ripples In A Pond" by British photographer Alexandra Hart won the top prize in the Our Solar System category. 
Alexandra Hart, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
American photographers Shishir and Shashank Dholakia won the Young Astronomy Photographer of the Year award for their image of the Horsehead Nebula IC 434. 
Shishir and Shashank Dholakia, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Fullscreen
Resembling a giant eye looking across 700 light-years of space, the Helix Nebula is one of the closest planetary nebula to Earth. The image by David Fitz-Henry reveals intricate details in the glowing gas of the nebula and was a runner-up in the Deep Space category. 
David Fitz-Henry, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
An image of NGC 1999, an area situated below Orion’s Belt, was taken by Marco Lorenzi. 
Marco Lorenzi, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Rogelio Bernal Andreo captured an unusual view of the Pleiades Cluster in the broader context of its local environment, drifting through a chaotic region of dark dusk. 
Rogelio Bernal Andreo, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Finnish photographer J.P. Metsavainio captured an image of IC 1340, part of the Veil Nebula, a supernova remnant in constellation Cygnus. 
J.P. Metsavainio, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Matt James took this photo in Australia near the town of Bungendore. It captures the Capital Wind Farm on the shore of Lake George, and was a runner-up in the Earth and Space category. 
Matt James, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
The towering Rocky Mountains are reduced to tiny wrinkles on the surface of the Earth from the perspective of a high-altitude balloon launched from Boulder, Colo. 
Patrick Cullis, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
A fantastic view of one of nature's greatist spectacles, a total solar eclipse, was taken by Catalin Belda from an airplane above Turkana, Kenya. 
Catalin Beldea, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
O Chul Kwon succeeded in his goal of photographing a Venus-Lunar Occulation with this stunning time-lapse image over Mount Hamkaek in South Korea. 
O Chul Kwon, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
A photograph of the crater Tycho on the Moon by George Trsoudis was a runner-up. 
George Trsoudis, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Fullscreen
The term Calcium K refers to a very specific wavelength of violet light emitted by calcium ions in extreme environments such as the sun’s atmosphere. Stephen Ramsden captured one of the longest prominence ever imaged by anyone on Earth and one of only a handful of Calcium K solar prominences ever captured. 
Stephen Ramsden, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Fullscreen
This photograph by Tunc Tezel taken during an eclipse shows the sun's atmosphere as a white haze. Tezel captured the moment when a tiny part of the sun's disc shines out between the mountains on the edge of the moon's disc, creating an effect known as the "diamond ring." 
Tunc Tezel, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Swirls of superheated gas snake across the surface of the sun in a photograph by Alexandra Hart. 
Alexandra Hart, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Julie Fletcher, a runner-up in the People and Space category, photographed human figures reflected in the waters of Kati Thanda-Lake Eyre in Australia. 
Julie Fletcher, Courtesy of Royal Museums Greenwich
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

ISRO Mission fastest and cheapest to Mars; Modi hails scientistsISRO Mission fastest and cheapest to Mars; Modi hails scientists
Priyanka sends legal notice todailyPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:07 am
Priyanka Vadra has sent a notice threatening to initiate legal action against The Sunday Guardian, two months after the newspaper reported on “speculation” that her brother and Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi might adopt her son Rehan to enable him to use the Gandhi surname.
Sources close to Priyanka said the legal notice was sent on Tuesday to The Sunday Guardian and two Hindi dailies — Rajasthan Patrika and Navbharat Times — which they said had reproduced the story. The sources said Priyanka has called the news report “false”, “baseless and “unsubstantiated”. Priyanka has not demanded an apology, but said she reserved the right to seek legal remedy, the sources said.
“To allege that a parent would willingly pass his/her child on to someone else as if he were an object devoid of emotion is morbid enough, but to ascribe to it the intention of perpetuating some sort of dynastic political aspiration is even more sickening. This pernicious falsehood is clearly aimed at causing deep offense to my family and is an unacceptable aspersion on my motherhood and on my character,” she has said in the notice.
Reached for a comment, The Sunday Guardian editor Joyeeta Basu said, “The legal notice hasn’t yet reached me. Until and unless it reaches me, I won’t be able to comment.”

Apple s new iPhones run into software  bending complaintsApple s new iPhones run into software  bending complaints
Stocks rise as Draghi fuels stimulus hopes  euro slumpsStocks rise as Draghi fuels stimulus hopes  euro slumps
Rupee falls for 3rd day against US dollar ends at 6096Rupee falls for 3rd day against US dollar ends at 6096
This day  that year: An India-Pakistan classic5th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
9 hours ago
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
14 hours ago
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
17 hours ago
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

Love in space: Curious  Rover  flirts with Mangalyaan  Maven looks onComments
An intriguing conversation between Isro's Mars Orbiter, Nasa's Maven and the US agency's Curiosity Rover led us to believe that a Bollywood style love triangle maybe inevitable. After all, all three of them will be spending the next few months together around Mars.
Advertisement
Maven got the ball rolling by sending out a congratulatory tweet for Isro's Mars Orbiter, while Curiosity welcomed it on the Red Planet with a 'Namaste'.
"Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit," Curiosity Rover tweeted.
Mars Orbiter replied, saying, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
The conversation ended with Mars orbiter going off for breakfast.
Twitterati will surely be holding tight on to their seats, waiting to see what ensues - who will woo who, and who will be #ForeverAlone.
Seems like all these three crafts are going to have quite a rosy stay on Mars.
The #MAVEN team congratulates @ISRO for its #Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. pic.twitter.com/8E37nqtcmL
— NASA's MAVEN Mission (@MAVEN2Mars) September 24, 2014
Namaste, @MarsOrbiter ! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit.
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
I’ll be back after breakfast. Good ol’ sunlight. It’s good for your battery.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
I'm rolling out the red carpet on the Red Planet for the newest Mars orbiter. Welcome, @MAVEN2Mars ! pic.twitter.com/y6Rdw91sew

Renault  Mercedes recall vans for faulty bra...Renault, Mercedes recall vans for faulty brake lines
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 08.31PM IST
The Clio recall covers vehicles assembled between February and April that may have a badly installed part that can rub on the brake lines, Renault said.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT/PARIS: Renault has recalled almost half a million vehicles for brake problems also affecting Daimler's Mercedes-Benz Citan delivery vans, built in a French plant under the two carmakers' manufacturing partnership.
The Renault recalls, which began in August, cover about 402,000 Clio subcompact cars and 64,000 Kangoo vans built at its Maubeuge plant in northern France, a Renault spokesman said on Wednesday.
The Clio recall covers vehicles assembled between February and April that may have a badly installed part that can rub on the brake lines, Renault said.
The Kangoo delivery van recall was ordered earlier this month to correct faulty installation of the antilock braking system (ABS) in which some connectors were found to have been reversed.
There have been no accidents or personal injuries as a result of this defect, the Renault spokesman said.
Daimler separately confirmed it was recalling the Mercedes-Benz Citan small delivery van, which is based on the Kangoo and assembled in the same facility, to check whether brake lines have been incorrectly installed on models built between September 2012 and May 2013.
In Germany alone, Mercedes is recalling 6,597 vehicles, a spokeswoman for Mercedes-Benz said on Wednesday. Daimler did not provide figures for how many vehicles are being recalled in Europe.
The Citan, a derivative of the Renault Kangoo, has proven to be a problematic vehicle for Mercedes.
In May last year, Mercedes recalled 3,500 Citan vans in Europe because of faulty airbags, shortly after the Citan scored only three out of five stars in a crash survey conducted by New Car Assessment Programme (NCAP).
The current recall programme has been underway since the end of July, and requires vans to go to a workshop for about an hour, the spokeswoman said. No people have been hurt as a result of this potential fault, she added.
The Mercedes Citan is built at Renault's Maubeuge plant, which also makes the Kangoo model. In 2013, Renault made 137,715 vehicles, of which 17,687 were Mercedes Citan models.
Renault formed an alliance with Daimler in 2010 to cooperate on commercial vehicles, small cars and powertrains.

Low cost devices make Android affordableLow cost devices make Android affordable
By Payal Ganguly , ET Bureau | 24 Sep, 2014, 08.20PM IST
Blurring the lines between feature phones and smartphone, Indians are switching to entry level smartphones over the plain-vanilla feature phones.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Blurring the lines between feature phones and smartphone, Indians are switching to entry level smartphones over the plain-vanilla feature phones. "Opera Mini's basic java phone users are upgrading to Android smartphones. Of all the Opera Mini users, 47% are now on smartphones," says Sunil Kamath, Vice President for South Asia at Opera Software during the launch of State of the Android Web report for India.
The Norwegian company is looking at introducing the browser in a pre-installed format on Microsoft devices. It currently partners with 16 OEMs in India, including Micromax and Celkon . The latter introduced the most affordable android phone, Campus Nova A352E at a price point of Rs 2000 during the event. Targeted at a price conscious market, the device and pre-installed browser are tapping into the first generation internet users on mobile.

KPMG offers mortgage help to employeesKPMG helps staff up property ladder with mortgage move
By Harriet Agnew, Patrick Jenkins and James Pickford in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2ac2d2c-43c1-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CCS discusses face-off along Line of Actual ...CCS
(The CCS headed by Narendra…)
NEW DELHI: The Cabinet Committee on Security is understood to have discussed the face-off in Ladakh along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) where Chinese troops have intruded in the last 11 days.
The CCS headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also understood to have discussed the agenda for talks during his US visit including defence cooperation with that country.
Army sources said the situation along the LAC in Chumar area has remained unchanged and the Chinese request for a flag meeting to address the situation was still under consideration.
All the agencies concerned are discussing the issue, they said.
Chinese troops have pitched their tents in the area and Chinese helicopters have also been seen dropping food packets for the soldiers.
Tension in the area erupted last Sunday when some Chinese workers, who were constructing a road on their side, crossed into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build a road up to Tible, 5-km deep inside Indian territory.
Chumar was at the centre of the fortnight-long stand-off last year in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) as the Chinese side had objected to overhead bunkers erected by the Indian side.
As part of an agreement reached at the flag meeting to end that impasse in April-May 2013 at DBO, the Indian side had to dismantle some overhead bunkers in the Chumar area.
During winter this year, Chinese soldiers attempted to enter the area riding on horses. The area has witnessed frequent incursion attempts by Chinese troops.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Exclusive: Shah Rukh on the sets of  Happy New YearShah Rukh on the sets of 'Happy New Year'
Recommend
Link
1 month 27 days ago, India Movies Editorial
You've seen the pictures. Now see the man himself, Shah Rukh Khan, pump iron and build a rock solid, enviable physique on the sets of Happy New Year!
More on India Movies Editorial:
Related Videos

Q&A: Pimco and exchange traded funds© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d3d9898-43f9-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nationwide resumes Help to Buy for home moversNationwide resumes Help to Buy for movers
By Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9890e142-433e-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1qvr2c6FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Lotus: Not leaving U.S.
Lotus pledges it's 'fully committed' to stay in North America, but has to continue selling a carry-over 2014 Evora sports car until the 2016, with legal air bags, is ready. Company is responding to reports it is leaving
Post to Facebook
Lotus: Not leaving U.S. Lotus pledges it's 'fully committed' to stay in North America, but has to continue selling a carry-over 2014 Evora sports car until the 2016, with legal air bags, is ready. Company is responding to reports it is leaving Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sqNACl
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Lotus: Not leaving U.S.
James R. Healey , 5:16 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
U.K. sports-car and engineering company Lotus says rumors are false that it is leaving the North American market. It will continue selling the 2014 Evora until the 2016 is ready, and is adding dealers, Lotus says.
(Photo: Lotus)
55 CONNECT 25 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
British sports car and engineering company Lotus says it has no plans to leave the North America market, despite persistent rumors to the contrary.
In fact, it says, it is expanding its U.S. dealer network and will continue selling a carry-over version of its Evora sports car until the 2016 model is ready. The new one is updated to include smart airbags to meet U.S. and Canada safety regulations.
In addition to Evora models, which start at about $70,000, the brand's dealers also sell Lotus Elise S Cup R and the Lotus Exige V6 Cup R -- pure racers meant for competition use only.
The brand sells so few cars via its 45 U.S. dealers that it's not counted in monthly sales reported by tallymaster Autodata.
The car company says it is is "fully committed to the North American market."
Jean-Marc Gales, CEO of Group Lotus, said, "I know that this will be welcome news to our thousands of owners and fans in North America, but the reality is that there was never any intention to leave. The North American market is vitally important for us and we intend to expand our dealer network and grow our sales volumes in the future."
The talk apparently came when Lotus had no plan for a 2015 version of Evora, the only street-legal model it sells in the U.S., leading to the assumption that it was pulling out.
Lotus sometimes is better known for partnerships, projects and its engineering than for its cars. It provided the car that Elon Musk fitted with batteries and turned into the first Tesla, the Tesla Roaster.
It once was owned by General Motors and has developed components for GM as well as linkups with companies as diverse as Toyota and a number of other automakers ranging from Japan's Toyota to Malaysia's Proton.
The company was founded by Anthony Bruce Colin Chapman, whose four initials adorn the car company's logo and badges.
One of his favorite remarks, when explaining how to make a car faster, was, "Add lightness." Lotus still considers its mandate to be especially lightweight sports cars.
55 CONNECT 25 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sqNACl
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Samsung Alpha big on design  short on tech: ...Samsung is coming out with a smaller phone that looks and feels more like an iPhone.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Apple filled a gaping hole in its product lineup with new iPhones boasting larger screens like Samsung's flagship Galaxy smartphones . Now, Samsung is coming out with a smaller phone that looks and feels more like an iPhone.
The new iPhones measure 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches diagonally, up from 4 inches before. Still, that's smaller than the 5.1 inches on the Galaxy S5 and the 5.7 inches on the Galaxy Note 3 and 4 phones.
But even Samsung is stepping back from its recent practice of releasing ever-bigger phones. The new Galaxy Alpha matches the 4.7 inches on the iPhone 6 and has a metal frame like the new iPhones, reflecting Samsung's attempt to mirror Apple's emphasis on design.
Unfortunately, the Alpha falls short in a few ways, including the resolution of its display. Other shortcomings will become apparent as I go through the various features.
The Alpha will be available in the U.S. starting Friday through AT&T. It will cost $200 with a two-year service contract, or $613 without one. The $613 price, which can be paid in installments, is less than the $650 starting price for the Galaxy S5 and the iPhone 6. You also get double the storage with the Alpha, but it's still a high price to pay for technology that isn't top of the line.
THE BUILD
The Alpha's metal frame represents a departure from previous Samsung Galaxy phones, which primarily consisted of polycarbonate plastics.
However, the Alpha still has a plastic back, albeit one that feels smoother and nicer than what's on the S5. You can swap in a spare battery, but can't add a memory card.
What struck me most was how the Alpha feels much like last year's iPhone 5s. The sides are smooth and straight, and the edges are at right angles, like the box for a deck of cards. The corners, though, are curved.
By contrast, the new iPhones feature curved edges, so they feel thinner, lighter and less boxy. But the Alpha is actually smaller, thinner and lighter than the iPhone 6, by a tad. Compared with both, the S5 feels giant.
THE SCREEN
Size isn't all that matters. The screens on the iPhone 6 and the S5 are both sharper than the Alpha's. The Alpha's screen is decent for reading text and viewing images, but it's about the same resolution as what Samsung built into the Galaxy S III phone back in 2012.
Like other Samsung phones, the Alpha uses a screen technology called AMOLED, for active-matrix organic light-emitting diodes. This is designed to produce richer colors than iPhones, but sometimes the technology goes overboard. For instance, some people complain that AMOLED technology distorts color, so human skin looks too orange, for instance. There was a hint of that when viewing photos and video, but not enough to bother me.
THE CAMERA
The Alpha's camera is 12 megapixels, less than the 16 megapixels on the S5. Although the Alpha's megapixel count is still higher than the iPhone's 8 megapixels, Apple has squeezed many other technological touches into iPhones to deliver consistently good images.
I took dozens of photos with all three phones and found the megapixel count mattered only in a handful. In good light, street signs and posters on a store window across the street came out slightly better on both Samsung phones.
However, the iPhone 6 was typically better at getting the focus right, particularly for low-light and close-up shots. The iPhone 6 quickly captures text on a bottle of contact lens solution, while it took a few tries with the Samsung phones to get the focusing right.
On some evening shots of the New York skyline, I could make out the rectangular windows of apartment buildings when using the iPhone, thanks to anti-shake stabilization technology. With both Samsung phones, the lights from the windows were bleeding into one another.
In my test shots, the iPhone 6 also had better white balance to offset the yellowish coloring of indoor lighting. That said, the Alpha produced the richest colors in a few of my shots.
THE REMAINING HARDWARE
Like the S5, the Alpha has a heart-rate monitor for fitness apps and a fingerprint sensor to unlock the phone. But the Alpha lacks the S5's waterproof coverings. The new iPhones have only the fingerprint sensor. The Alpha and the iPhone 6 have comparable battery life in my tests.

Will Barack Obama s Arab coalition stay the ...Will Barack Obama's Arab coalition stay the course?
By AFP | 25 Sep, 2014, 03.29AM IST
US President Barack Obama has pulled off a diplomatic coup, knitting together a coalition of Arab nations with differing agendas to strike jihadists, but experts question its long-term staying power.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US President Barack Obama has pulled off a diplomatic coup, knitting together a coalition of Arab nations with differing agendas to strike jihadists, but experts question its long-term staying power.
In his speech to the United Nations on Wednesday, Obama warned the battle against extremism would be a multi-faceted "generational task -- and a task for the people of the Middle East themselves."
State Department officials insist the five Arab nations, who joined US fighter jets in an air campaign in the skies above Syria to hit hard against the Islamic State group, are in it for "the long haul."
Washington is well aware of the symbolic importance of having Sunni-ruled Arab states on board to strike against the Sunni extremists, still known to US officials as ISIL.
And Obama met with leaders of Bahrain , Jordan , Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates on Tuesday to thank them.
"This is a threat that unifies everybody, and everybody's head around the table was nodding," a senior State Department official revealed.
"Everybody... agreed that there are times in the world when you need to make a stand."
It's the broadest Arab coalition raised by the United States since the 1991 Gulf War, under then president George H.W Bush.
But experts have cast doubt on just how united it will remain, given the divisions between many Arab nations, and the ever-present spectre of Sunni-Shiite conflict.
"We have a confluence of interests, we have a common enemy, but the question really is are they in it for the long haul? Who knows?" said Kim Holmes, a distinguished fellow at conservative think-tank The Heritage Foundation.
"I mean they didn't have a preponderance of the air power, they dropped a few bombs."
Holmes voiced concerns that normally staunch ally, Britain, as well as Turkey have also yet to join the military action.
"If the going gets tough, and there are for example civilian casualties, or if we're not making sufficient progress, has the president really made a sufficient argument for staying in this fight for what he calls generations, for a long war?" Holmes asked.
Secretary of State John Kerry, who led the painstaking diplomacy to piece together the coalition, said the more partners there are the greater its legitimacy.
"We believe that with the open effort against ISIL from many different players in the region there's going to be much greater confidence," Kerry told CNN.
"There will be more recruits ... morale will go up. People will be more willing to fight."
But Holmes predicted "if ISIL were to be degraded or pushed back significantly I would expect some of the Arabs to start dropping."
Different agendas are also driving Arab cooperation, and could presage a much broader Middle East conflict.
Saudi Arabia wants "control and influence" in the event that regime change arrives in Syria and President Bashar al-Assad is ousted,Ramzy Mardini, an expert at the Atlantic Council, told AFP.
"The Islamic State may only be the rehearsal," he said. "The real show continues to be the power politics in the region and the contest over Syria."
Some observers believe Arab nations are hoping that, in return for their support, the US will help with their own regional and domestic agendas.
"The underlying motive for the Sunni Arab states may be to help the US get through the first-phase of defeating the Islamic State in order to get to the second-phase of changing the regime in Syria," said Mardini.
"This isn't just about targeting militants. It'll likely evolve into something much more consequential for the region."
The Arab world does need to join with the West to fight extremism, argues James Traub in Foreign Policy magazine.
"But the West is not about to join a campaign to crush political opponents on the pretext of fighting terrorism," said the fellow from the Center on International Cooperation.
"Egypt and its new friends in the Gulf will have to do that on their own."

Samsung  BB speed arrivals of new smartphonesSamsung, BlackBerry speed arrivals of new smartphones
By AFP | 25 Sep, 2014, 03.25AM IST
South Korea's Samsung on Wednesday moved up the release date for it hotly anticipated Galaxy Note 4 big-screen smartphone, hitting the key Chinese market ahead of arch-rival Apple.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: South Korea's Samsung on Wednesday moved up the release date for it hotly anticipated Galaxy Note 4 big-screen smartphone, hitting the key Chinese market ahead of arch-rival Apple.
Samsung's head start in the sizzling "phablet" race came as Apple stumbled, abruptly pulling back an update for the iOS software powering the iPhone after users complained of bugs, including one that disabled cellular service.
In a statement to the news website TechCrunch, Apple said: "We have received reports of an issue with the iOS 8.0.1 update. We are actively investigating these reports and will provide information as quickly as we can. In the meantime we have pulled back the iOS 8.0.1 update."
The apparently botched update came after a rash of complaints posted on social media about new-model, large-screen iPhones bending when stuffed in pockets of snug pants. Some users posted videos showing the handsets warping under pressure.
Samsung is credited with starting the "phablet" craze with the first Note that meshed tablet and smartphone features, particularly enhanced screen size.
Apple capitalized on the trend with the September 19 release of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in a handful of markets, not including China.
Samsung announced that the Note 4 smartphone will be launched in South Korea and China this week, ahead of the planned worldwide debut on October 17.
It marks first time a flagship Samsung product has gone on sale in China ahead of other markets, reflecting the firm's desire to battle growing competition from rivals.
Note 4 will be for sale in 140 markets by the end of October, according to Samsung.
The Note 4 release overshadowed the kickoff of BlackBerry's newest Passport smartphone, aimed at business users in an effort to revive the fortunes of the struggling Canadian manufacturer.
The launches came after Apple reported a record opening weekend for its latest range of iPhones, the US firm's first foray into the big-screen market.
Sales of new iPhone models topped 10 million in just three days following Friday's launch in the United States, Britain, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico and Singapore. Apple has not announced plans for selling the new iPhone in China.
The Passport is BlackBerry's first global launch of a product under John Chen since the chief executive took over last November.
The Passport, named for its approximate size to the travel document and will be available in stores in two weeks, is "packed with power" and "a lot of groundbreaking stuff," said Chen, appearing at a Toronto launch event with hockey legend Wayne Gretzky.
Analyst Avi Greengart described the new phone as "the first competitive BlackBerry in years, because it isn't competing head on" with Apple or Samsung.
It is the third of four new phones to be launched by BlackBerry this year, after a budget Z3 smartphone was launched in Indonesia (one of its last bastions), and a sleek Porsche-designed phone sold in Dubai.
The upcoming BlackBerry Classic -- which will be similar to the Passport -- will be launched "between now and the end of the year," Chen said.
BlackBerry helped create a culture of mobile users glued to smartphones, but appetites have since shifted to iPhones or devices using Android software like Samsung's Galaxy line.
The mobile market has become increasingly saturated, while competition has intensified from Chinese handset makers such as Huawei and Lenovo.
In July, Samsung reported a 20 percent drop in net profit for the second quarter, and its shares are sitting at a two-year low.
Sales of Galaxy Note 3 topped 10 million in two months after its launch in 2013, and Lee predicted the Note 4 would outperform that.
The 5.7-inch Note 4 comes with S-pen stylus allowing users to draw and write on the screen and perform various tasks simultaneously. It will sell off-contract at prices ranging from around $700 to $900, depending on the country.
The presence of a stylus -- not offered by Apple -- offers a "unique input methodology," said Lee Young-Hee, executive vice president of Samsung's mobile unit.
According to International Data Corp ., a record-high 295.3 million smartphones were shipped worldwide in the second quarter.
Samsung remained the world's top vendor, moving 74 million handsets, but saw its overall market share slip seven percentage points to 25.2 percent, while China's Huawei nearly doubled its shipments from the same quarter a year ago.
Samsung also announced Wednesday it plans an October launch for a new version of its Galaxy Gear smartwatch , as well as a virtual reality headset, Gear VR.
The Apple Watch unveiled earlier this month is expected in stores early next year.

Reliance Power drops plan to buy Jaypee projectsReliance Power drops plan to buy Jaypee projects
These are the 10 best U.S. colleges for veteransSEND
EMAIL
The post 9/11 G.I. Bill was set into place to help transition veterans into civilian careers after their service. It has been immensely popular, with more than one million veterans taking advantage of their education benefits. However, just because a student has access their G.I. Bill does not mean that their full costs of going to college are covered, or that every college has resources in place to meet the unique needs of veterans.
There are several places that rank colleges based for veterans, but they don’t always take into account the quality of the college, or the value of the education students receive. College Factual’s ranking includes factors like veteran support services and programs, flexibility, affordability, and the success of graduates. You can read more about our methodology behind the ranking in this article .
The following list includes the top 10 best colleges for veterans as ranked by College Factual.
1. Texas A & M University: College Station, Texas.
In addition to being the number one best school for veterans in the country, Texas A & M is ranked 178th out of over 1,300 colleges, and 7th out of 60 in the state of Texas. This is a large public research university that keeps costs affordable for students. About 1200 students out of 40,000 are recipients of the G.I. Bill, although the total military student population is likely to be larger than that. They also participate in four federal programs that are important to veterans including the Principles of Excellence, DOD Memorandum of Understanding, Service Members Opportunity Colleges (SOC) Consortium Member, and Vet Success on Campus. These plus other measures put Texas A&M at the top of the list when it comes to supporting veterans.
2. Arizona State University: Tempe, Ariz.
Arizona State is another public research university, with about 3,000 out of 59,000 students being recipients of the G.I. Bill. It is considered to be one of the best colleges in Arizona, and participates in the four main federal programs regarding veterans. Additionally Arizona State offers some online classes , which is an attractive option for the veteran population who often balance college classes with family and work.
3. University of South Florida-Main Campus: Tampa, Fla.
About 1,800 of the 31,000 students at University of South Florida are G.I. Bill recipients. The college also participates in all four federal programs which set standards for educational quality for veterans. This large public university is considered the 11th best university in the state of Florida . USF is considered highly diverse, and many undergraduate students take at least one class online.
4. Ohio State University: Columbus, Ohio
About 1,800 students that Ohio State are recipients of the G.I. Bill. Ohio State participates in all four of the four federal programs important to veterans, and participates in the yellow ribbon program as well. The college also offers an online degree option in nursing. Ohio State is a very affordable option for students while the same time offering a quality education, which ranked it the number one best college for the money in Ohio .
Dig deeper into College Factual’s best colleges for vets with this interactive tool:
5. University of Oklahoma: Norman, Okla.
The University of Oklahoma offers a great value for students, ranked best for the money in the state of Oklahoma . There are about 1,300 students who are recipients of the G.I. Bill, and the university participates in two important federal programs, and lists many other support services on their website. Online classes are also offered at this school, which is often the preferred method of education for student veterans. This university also gets high marks in graduate’s starting salaries and diversity.
6. Florida State University: Tallahassee, Fla.
About 1,000 of 32,000 students here are recipients of the G.I. Bill. Florida State participates in 3 out of 4 federal programs that set standards for educating veterans, and it is also a very affordable choice. It is considered to be the 6th best university in Florida , and offers a good value for students. The school also offers some online degree options.
7. Texas Tech University: Lubbock, Texas
Texas Tech currently has about 1000 G.I. Bill recipients enrolled and participates in 3 out of 4 federal programs that are important to veterans. The school keeps costs very affordable for veterans, fully covering the cost of tuition for both in-state and out-of-state students. This is a large school with many majors, its engineering and business programs being some of the most popular. They also offer some online degree options.
8. University of Kentucky: Lexington, Ky.
The University of Kentucky currently has about 800-900 students enrolled who are recipients of the G.I. Bill. The university participates in four federal programs that outline successful education for veterans. College Factual estimates that all tuition and fees are likely to be covered for both in-state and out-of-state students, depending on your level of service.
9. Webster University: Saint Louis, Mo.
Webster University is a midsized private school with a large veteran population of over 4,000 students. Webster is ranked as the 12th best college in the state , and is committed to keeping cost affordable for students especially for veterans. As a private university, tuition and fees are not automatically covered through the G.I. Bill, and College Factual calculates that about 85% of costs would be covered by the maximum G.I. Bill tuition assistance. However, Webster participates in the yellow ribbon program which means that they have pledged to cover tuition fees not covered by other programs. In addition Missoroui is a state in which all veterans are considered in-state students.
10. Rutgers University: New Brunswick, N.J.
Rutgers is a large and well-known public research university that is currently ranked by College Factual as 107th in the country and the 2nd best college in New Jersey . This University participates in three of the four federal programs that are considered important to veterans. This college boasts high outcomes with graduates having low student loan default rate.
Carly Stockwell is the director of Media Content at College Factual

Spokane Sewage Could Be Tested for Marijuana LevelAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

State Bank splits stock into 10State Bank splits stock into 10
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rise as Draghi fuels stimulus hopes  euro slumpsGLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rise as Draghi fuels stimulus hopes  euro slumps
Wall St. rallies  S&P back above 14-day moving averageWall St. rallies  S&P back above 14-day moving average
Amazon looks to launch in NetherlandsSeptember 23, 2014 6:47 pm
Amazon looks to launch in Netherlands
By Duncan Robinson 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8649018c-433d-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Philip Hampton set to take helm at GSKGlaxoSmithKline appoints Sir Philip Hampton as chairman
By Andrew Ward and Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b437b498-43f7-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1yriOfaFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 3:49 p.m. EDT September 26, 2014
Dorothy Shumrt reads the "Los Angeles Register" on the day of its launch,  April 16, 2014,  while waiting for a train at Union Station in Los Angeles. It has ceased publication.
(Photo: Richard Vogel, AP)
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When he was under fire during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is."
Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner seems to have a similarly flexible take on the meaning of '10.'"
When he boldly invaded the turf of the Los Angeles Times to launch a new newspaper in the City of Angels in April, the print-loving Kushner told me he had a "10-year plus" plan for the fledgling Los Angeles Register. This week he shut it down.
Eight months before the L.A. Register's debut, Kushner had triggered another newspaper war, this time in Long Beach, Calif., when he started up the Long Beach Register to take on the city's Press-Telegram. Kushner mothballed that start-up in June.
Rieder: Launching a new paper in LA a bold move
For a print guy, Kushner certainly seems to have embraced the Silicon Valley mantra, "Fail fast, fail often."
Kushner, a former greeting card magnate and Web entrepreneur, got into the newspaper business in July 2012 when his equity group acquired Freedom Communications, parent of the Orange County Register. Kushner promptly electrified the media world by declaring his belief in beleaguered print and going on a massive hiring spree at the Register — at a time when many newspapers, completely disrupted by the digital onslaught, were shrinking their staffs, often sharply.
This year has seen waves of layoffs at the Register, the latest this week.
When I wrote about Kushne r and his wildly contrarian ways in February 2013, I asked, "What does Aaron Kushner know that no one else does?" The answer seems to be, not so much.
Aaron Kushner.
(Photo: Frank Bellin, AP)
And clearly, Kushner's pockets are hardly deep enough to sustain such ambitious aspirations in such challenging times.
When I talked this week to the would-be mogul who once expressed interest in buying Tribune Co.'s papers, he sounded somewhat chastened but hardly ready to give up the fight.
When I asked him what had happened to the long-term thinking he had ballyhooed, he replied, "We're very much about long-term, but we're not shy about moving quickly."
In the heady days of the L.A. launch, Kushner agrees, he clearly was not anticipating a run of less than half a year. But he says there simply hadn't been "enough success" in the early stages to justify staying the course.
"When you make investments, they don't always work out the way you want," Kushner says. "That doesn't mean you shouldn't make the investments."
The decision to bury the L.A. Register, Kushner explains, was simple. While he thought the paper was "fabulous" and would have become "robust" if given the time, he and partner Eric Spitz concluded that the company's long-term future would be better served by focusing on the Orange County Register and another Southern California paper, The Press-Enterprise of Riverside, which they acquired last year .
Rieder: This publisher is spending to grow
Well, OK. But that clearly was the case from the get-go.  If it's an either/or choice, you're better off with established businesses than launching quixotic incursions into other newspapers' turf. Even back in the days when newspapers, hard as it is now to believe, were cash cows, successfully establishing a paper in a city that already had one was virtually impossible.
Aaron Kushner, publisher of the "Orange County Register," in his office in Santa Ana, Calif., on Dec. 27, 2012.
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Looking back, was that well-intentioned doubling of the Register staff simply too much? "Hindsight is always 20/20," Kushner says, "Should we have hired fewer people? Maybe. At the end of the day, you've got to try things. Everybody knows that not everything you try will work well."
And despite the rampant setbacks, Kushner rejects the notion that he has been too bullish on print in the rapidly transforming digital age. Kushner, who says preserving newspapers is a "civic duty," sees a "good, healthy long-term future" for the Register and The Press-Enterprise.
But, he hastily adds, "It's not going to be easy. We're running against the tide. But we're certainly going to keep running."
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Unbox Therapy / YouTubeunbox therapy / youtube
Hasbro heats up on Frozen dealFrozen deal heats up Hasbro, chills Mattel
By: Gary Strauss September 24, 2014 11:43 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Hasbro HAS   got the royal treatment  Wednesday, rising 3.8% to $54.95 on a partnership deal with Walt Disney DIS to market dolls based on animated film blockbuster Frozen and Disney Princess franchise.
Hasbro (Tranformers, My Little Pony) will have the rights to develop dolls based on characters from Cinderella, Beauty and the Beast and Little Mermaid, along with Frozen.
“Our strategic thought leadership and innovation has led to the steady growth of our girls business over the past several years, demonstrating that we have a true understanding of girls globally and how today’s girls want to play,” said Hasbro CEO Brian Goldner. “The entire Hasbro team is looking forward to providing consumers with inventive new play experiences based on the beloved Disney Princess and Frozen characters and stories.”
Frozen, released in late 2013, has grossed more than $1.25 billion in global ticket sales, the fifth-biggest film ever.
Hasbro’s girls unit posted sales  of over $1 billion in fiscal 2013, or about 25% of  the toy marketer’s overall revenue.
Rival Mattel MAT , which holds Frozen rights through mid-2016,  slipped 1.3% to $31.67.
 

$10 billion cigarette case headed back to Illinois Supreme Court0
The court has to decide again whether the judgment, the largest in Illinois history, should stand against the nation's largest tobacco company, a unit of Altria Group Inc. The verdict is more than double Altria's net income of $4.5 billion last year.
The long legal battle has to do with the sale of cigarettes labeled "light" or "lowered tar and nicotine." In a lawsuit brought in 2000 in Madison County, smokers accused the company of consumer fraud by advertising light versions as safer than regular, or full-flavored, cigarettes and sought monetary damages.
A Madison County judge ruled in the plaintiffs' favor, awarding a class of more than 1 million people $7.1 billion in compensatory damages and $3 billion in punitive damages.
But a divided state Supreme Court overruled the judge, finding that federal regulations allowed the cigarette company to use terms like "light" and "low tar" in its advertising. Therefore, federal regulations precluded the plaintiffs from bringing a fraud claim against Philip Morris, the court said.
St. Louis attorney Stephen Tillery, who represents the smokers, sought to reopen the case after evidence emerged in an unrelated case that the Federal Trade Commission said it had never addressed the use of those advertising terms.
A state appellate court in Mount Vernon sided with him and restored the $10.1 billion verdict.
Philip Morris argued in its petition to the state Supreme Court that the notion that a trial or appellate court could nullify a decision by the top court is "dangerous" and "threatens the stability of the law."
"The Illinois Supreme Court has already once ordered judgment to be entered in PM USA's favor," the company said in a statement. "We believe that there are compelling reasons why the Illinois Supreme Court should do so again and reverse the intermediate court's unprecedented ruling."
Legal analysts expect the company to argue that the $10.1 billion judgment was inappropriate because the Madison County judge erred in how he calculated the award.
George Zelcs, another plaintiffs attorney, said he and Tillery look forward to the opportunity to present their arguments before the court.
Justice Robert Thomas did not take part in the deliberations over whether to accept Philip Morris' appeal. Thomas recused himself from the case the first time because he had a professional relationship with an attorney in the case.

Turkish leader presses Europe on Syria refugeesTurkish leader presses Europe on Syria refugees
Mars Mission cheapest; Modi hails scientistsAn elated Modi congratulated ISRO scientists profusely, saying that the organisation had made it a habit of achieving the impossible.  
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: India inserted the world's fastest, cheapest and perhaps one of the most intricate Mars missions flawlessly into Martian orbit on Wednesday amid roaring applause from the nation led stirringly by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) took three years and Rs 450 crore to complete its Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM). The US Maven, which went into orbit on Monday, took six years and cost $679 million (Rs 4,100 crore).
An elated Modi congratulated Isro scientists profusely, saying that the organisation had made it a habit of achieving the impossible. "I was sure that MOM would never disappoint," he said immediately after it entered into the Martian orbit at the end of a ten-month journey from earth. To the benefit of hundreds of millions of viewers on television, Modi explained some of the critical facts of the mission in Hindi.
The orbit of the spacecraft has been designed to study the Martian atmosphere. Several successful missions have been sent to Mars and India too is set to make an important scientific contribution over the next few months. The achievements and challenges of the mission were not lost on Modi, who revelled in the company of Isro scientists as much as they did in his.
"Innovation by its very nature involves risk," he said. "If you are trying to do something that has never been done before, it is a leap into the dark. And space is the biggest unknown out there," he stressed.Modi scored two points with his speech. He raised the bar for Isro scientists. "Let us set ourselves even more challenging goals," he told the scientists. "Let us push our boundaries."
He also reached out to a billion people and millions of children in schools, trying to make them excited about the country's space programme and the huge technological challenges ahead. "Let everyone in our schools and colleges assemble for five minutes and applaud our scientists," he said just before concluding his speech.
Over the next six months, the Mars Orbiter will study the planet's surface and atmospheric composition.
Precise measurement and analysis of methane might provide clues to its origin. Methane is often a signature of life — about 90% of the earth's methane is biological in origin. Since methane is a short-lived gas, does this mean that Mars still has life?
Mars Orbiter Mission might tell us. The thickness of Mars' atmosphere is less than 1% of the thickness of the earth's atmosphere.
It is believed to have been much thicker at one time. How Mars lost its atmosphere is a mystery. This information is vital to understand the planet's recent past, which could be similar to the earth's future. The Mars Orbiter Mission could throw some light on that too.
Isro is indeed taking up a number of new challenges, some of them being missions beyond the earth. Chandrayaan II is expected to lift off within three years, and it will have an orbiter, lander and a rover.
It is developing Mark III version of the Geostationary Launch Vehicle (GSLV), a heavy lifter that could also put human being into space.
There is a mission to study the sun as well, and probably another Mars mission around 2018.These missions would be very challenging and could keep Isro scientists busy for a long time.
Isro's success could not have come at a more appropriate time, when there is a fierce race between space powers and an equally intense competition to provide low-cost services. The Mars mission would serve as a warning shot to everyone else.

It s not easy to do business in India: Voda ...Government
NEW DELHI: Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao said the new government had good intentions but needs to overcome bureaucratic delays, take quick decisions and make available enough resources such as spectrum to spur investments. Colao said the company's board would take a decision on increasing its investment in India in two week's time. "Do I see this government as a pro-business government, absolutely yes. But, I go around many countries...there are some good intentions, but then the issue is implementation. Therefore, it is very important that India capitalises," Colao, the global head of the world's largest telecom operator, said after unveiling Vodafone India's fourth annual sustainability report. He added it isn't easy to do business in India. "It's complicated, too many relations, too many people can have a say, too many people can block."
He said he would love to list Vodafone India, but the conditions had to be right. "Currently there are lots of complexities or uncertainties."
Vodafone India head Marten Pieters said the next round of spectrum auctions was critical for the company's India growth plans. "Our business has been put up for sale, so anyone can bid for our business."
He explained that in the seven circles where the company's permits expire by March 2016, Vodafone India doesn't have the fallback option of airwaves in another band that it had in the case of the metros where its spectrum was auctioned in February.
"If we don't get spectrum (in the seven circles), we simply have to close down our business because we don't have the fallback option. An IPO today wouldn't really be a realistic option." India's No. 2 carrier is also in the midst of an arbitration to resolve a long-standing .Rs 20,000-crore tax dispute with the Indian government — a result of the retrospective tax amendment of 2012 brought about by the then UPA-I government.
Colao claimed the retrospective issue had backfired on the Indian government. "Was I surprised at the international backlash post the retrospective taxation, I was not surprised. Has this really backfired on India, the answer is yes. This was such an extraordinary thing. I wasn't surprised when India's public image suffered," Colao said. He described the arbitration process to resolve the dispute a "civilised" one but hinted that the company was open to a settlement outside it. "Anything can be done, and nothing can be ruled out."
The Vodafone CEO did not specifically comment on media reports of a possible acquisition of the Tatas' telecom business but said the company was open to consolidation opportunities. Other issues which add to the regulatory uncertainty for Vodafone include lack of clarity on issues such as mergers and acquisitions, and guidelines on spectrum trading and sharing — recommended some months back by the sector regulator but which are yet to be cleared by the telecom department. "We have been discussing M&A rules for may be 4-5 years now," Colao said.
"The government needs to understand that fewer and larger players are better and this pattern is unfolding all over the world." Despite the regulatory uncertainties and the tax issue, Vodafone is betting big on India, which is currently its thirdlargest market, but could soon become the second largest after Germany, given the pace of growth. "We have two hearts — one is Germany and the other is India, provided I am the brain." Showing commitment towards India, Vodafone recently bought out its minority partners to raise its stake to a 100% in its Indian unit. It has invested some .Rs 70,000 crore in the country so far. Speaking on the new government's telecom initiatives, Colao said he applauded the government's Digital India project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Police Press Conference on UVA Missing Student CaseSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across the...
EXPLORE.ORG: Penguin Underwater Swim Camera
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Property transactions in Delhis Lutyens Bungalow Zone likely to halt due to increase in circle ratesProperty transactions in Delhis Lutyens Bungalow Zone likely to halt due to increase in circle rates
These Disturbing  Alien  Portraits Are More Familiar Than You Thinkreddit
The face is one of the most analyzed, stereotyped, idolized and judged aspects of the human body. From the eyebrows to the chin, people across the globe expect a certain arrangement of aesthetically pleasing features, symmetrically positioned if possible. Even the slightest deviation from the typical appearance can throw the viewer into a tailspin of unfamiliarity.
Case in point: South African artist Anelia Loubser 's series " Alienation ."
"'Alienation' is a collection of portraits that challenges the viewer by using creative tactics based on the concept, 'If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change,' [by Wayne Dyer]," Loubser writes in a statement supporting the work.
The series turns a simple, monochromatic image of a male or female visage into what appears to be a portrait of an alien being. It doesn't take too long to realize, however, that the photographs are simply reversed pictures of the human face, the nose and mouth obscured, while the wrinkles of the forehead take center stage. Despite the obvious manipulation, Loubser's eyes take the viewer in, directing him or her to decipher a new kind of beauty within.
"Be introduced to the alienated being inside us all," the Cape Town-based artist dares the viewer. "Disconcerting beauty emerges."
Behold:

Cheapest Android smartphone launched at just Rs 1999Home
At Rs 1,999, Jivi JSP 20 is India's cheapest Android phone
Indian handset manufacturer Jivi launched the cheapest available Android smartphone in Indian markets, Jivi JSP 20. The device has been priced at Rs 1,999. The 3.5-inch handset is also the slimmest in its class and at around $33, possibly the cheapest Android smartphone in the world.
The 3.5-inch capacitive touchscreen on the JSP 20 comes with a resolution of 320 x 480 pixels. The hardware running this Android 2.3.5 (Gingerbread) model is a 1Ghz processor, 128MB RAM, 256MB internal storage with capacity for 32GB microSD. The phone also sports a 2.0 megapixel rear camera with LED flash and has a 1350mAh battery.
See the slideshow for more details

SLAM: Deepika and Shah Rukh s sizzling performanceCelebrity
Live performances from SLAM! The Tour
SRK, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood, Vivaan Shah and Farah Khan have been promoting their upcoming movie 'Happy New Year' on their promotional venture SLAM! The Tour. A dekho
Vancouver and San Jose concerts where the two cities where the US/ Canada part of the tour concluded recently.
1 / 30

Desktop Computers Show a Gain in Customer Satisfactiondesktop computers show a gain in customer satisfaction
http://usat.ly/1yrnlhGFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Puppy goes viral in Bud's anti-drunk driving ad
This puppy's got legs. The puppy is "Cooper," the star of a new Anheuser-Busch responsible-drinking commercial that's gone seriously viral since being posted less than a week ago.
Post to Facebook
Puppy goes viral in Bud's anti-drunk driving ad This puppy's got legs. The puppy is "Cooper," the star of a new Anheuser-Busch responsible-drinking commercial that's gone seriously viral since being posted less than a week ago. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sr3AnI
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
52
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Puppy goes viral in Bud's anti-drunk driving ad
Budweiser plays up "Aww" factor in new responsible drinking ad featuring a lonely pup.
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 5:20 p.m. EDT September 25, 2014
A screenshot from Budweiser's "Friends are Waiting" video advertisement.
(Photo: Anheuser-Busch)
22284 CONNECT 362 TWEET 203 LINKEDIN 52 COMMENTEMAILMORE
This puppy's got legs.
The dog, "Cooper," is the star of a new Anheuser-Busch responsible-drinking commercial that's gone viral with more than 13 million views since being posted less than a week ago.
But "Cooper" isn't one dog.  He's several, explains Tom Kraus, director, Budweiser. "In order to get our dogs to perform without tiring, we had a backup for the puppy and adult ages to cover for each other. In total, we worked with two 9-week-old puppies, Molly and Maverick; one adolescent 7-month-old, Dozer; and two adult 7-year-old Labs, Smith and Jones. All played their roles extremely well."
Dogs -- perhaps even more than Clydesdales -- have become the beer maker's "gotcha" ad vehicle. It was Budweiser's soft-hearted puppy in love with a horse that won 2014's USA TODAY Super Bowl Ad Meter competition.
But this latest puppy's attachment isn't to a four-legged critter but to its two-legged, 20-something owner, Luke, who is late getting home from a night out partying.  The dog patiently waits -- and waits -- at the door.
All through the night.
The ad's message: The owner is responsible.  Instead of driving home, he apparently was coaxed by his buddies into sleeping it off. So he arrives home safe the next morning, to his dog's delight.
Awwwwwww.
Never mind that the viewer is still left wondering, gee, who fed that poor puppy dinner and let it out to pee overnight?
Apparently, all of that's forgiven in social media.  Many of the tweets are from folks who couldn't keep from tearing up while watching it. "Legit cried during this Budweiser commercial with the dog," tweeted Hannah Hart.
Zildjian Bartels even posted a photo of herself crying, next to her tweet, "The New Budweiser commercial got me like (crying)."
"So many tears for the new Budweiser commercial," tweeted Christina@Chomo90, who also posted a tear-soaked photo of herself.
The ad squarely targets the 21- to 27-year-old Millennial whose single mission in life is to share content with friends on social media.
The purpose of the ad: "From the beginning, our aim has always been to tell an emotional story in a disruptive way to remind adults that drunk driving is 100% preventable," says Kraus.
AB posted the digital-only ad last Friday as part of its "Global Be(er) Responsible" day against drunk driving.  The ad is trending under #FriendsAreWaiting.
Then, there's the dude who plays Cooper's owner. He's Nile Sarkisian, a 25-year-old actor and model who lives in Los Angeles. "We picked him not only for his talent, but also his genuine likability -- and his fondness of dogs certainly helped," says Kraus.
During one day of filming, says Kraus, "our actor probably endured more licks than most pet owners do in a lifetime."
Even hardened brand consultants begrudgingly admit they like it.
Sure, A-B is milking the success of its 2014 Super Bowl spot by using a dog to tug at the heartstrings, says Steven Addis, CEO of the Addis agency in Berkeley, Calif.  But A-B takes this "drive responsibly" ad well beyond that.  "There's also an appeal for Millennials, in that the guy could be free enough to stay out all night," says Addis.
The dog ultimately represents a '"starter relationship," adds Addis,  to show that we all want someone to be responsible to.
Even if that someone's got dog breath.
22284 CONNECT 362 TWEET 203 LINKEDIN 52 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sr3AnI
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Black spot on coal canvasBlack spot on coal canvas
Ruling upsets power  mining  bank stocksRuling upsets power  mining  bank stocks
ADR Shares End Higher; BHP Billiton Shares Trade ActivelyADR Shares End Higher; BHP Billiton Shares Trade Actively
Coalgate: SC verdict makes banking sector ne...Andhra Bank
(The Indian banking sector…)
MUMBAI: The Supreme Court's ruling on Wednesday that scrapped 214 of the coal blocks allocated between 1993 and 2010, sparing only four allocations had made the banking sector nervous as this could lead to cost overruns which could hurt borrowers' ability to repay loans and steeply increasing the bad debt burden.
For all the blocks deallocated, the government is now free to hold auctions or give them to the central firm, Coal India. The apex court has given "six months" breathing time to the holders of the 46 coal blocks that are already operational. But the companies running these blocks too would have to compensate the government by paying Rs 295 per metric tonne.
"It is not yet clear how the operational mines would be transferred," said Ashok Khurana, director-general of the Association of Independent Power Producers . "If Coal India is taking over the mines, they ought to take over the liabilities too otherwise it would jeopardise the lenders,'' said Khurana.
The Indian banking sector has a total exposure of more than Rs 5 lakh crore to the power sector, which is under pressure owing to a host of problems such as lack of fuel, delays in land acquisition and clearances, and the poor financial health of distribution companies.
"Banks will have to review the financial cost of projects as the companies would have to pay a fine of Rs 295 per tonne," said M Narendra, former chairman and managing director, Indian Overseas Bank .
"The government will have to complete the reallocation in the next six months or companies may have to import coal which would be at a higher cost leading to financial stress
Banks may have to extend fresh loans to companies based on the cost review of projects," said Narendra. "We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation," said Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairman of State Bank of India .
Among banks under our coverage, a note from broking firm Enam said, "PNB has highest exposure at 2.6% of total advances (including non-fund based) to mining sector whereas Canara Bank has 12.6% exposure to energy sector."
Infrastructure NBFCs like Power Finance Corporation, REC and IDFC, which have a high exposure to private entities involved in the mining sector, will be impacted more as compared to banks. "Public sector banks like Andhra Bank and Canara Bank will be hit most," said Asutosh Kumar Mishra, analyst with Karvy Stock Broking.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suspect in UVA Student Hannah Grahams Disappearance In Custody  Police Saysuspect in uva student hannah grahams disappearance in custody  police say
P.C. Parakh for first right of refusalP.C. Parakh for first right of refusal
McDonald s slump no easy fix; experts say focus on..."The operational foundation has to be strong enough for us to be able to move forward with customization and personalization at the level that we want to at McDonald's," Thompson said.
Step 2: Make the food stand out
For decades, McDonald's well-known Big Macs, Quarter Pounders, fries, Chicken McNuggets and Egg McMuffins were enough to keep the company growing. In fact, those five menu items account for about 40 percent of sales today.
McDonald's is focusing on what it knows has worked. It is reinvigorating its marketing on those items to help drive sales. Such efforts include the current 20 McNuggets for $5 promotion.
At the same time, McDonald's is pushing new and limited-time items in four categories in which it believes its growth will outpace the overall industry. Those categories are beef, chicken, breakfast and beverages such as coffee and blended ice drinks.
"We're placing great emphasis on the balance between our core classics and the number of new products that are being introduced," Thompson said in July. "And this is to ensure that they can be delivered at the speed and convenience that customers expect from McDonald's."
A coffee giveaway in the spring brought in more breakfast diners and helped McDonald's post flat U.S. same-store sales in April, the first month without a decline since October. The U.S. business has pulled out another free coffee promotion through Sept. 29.
Though franchisee Lang said the menu has gotten a bit unwieldy, others say the variety is key to helping ensure McDonald's can bring in the widest variety of diners.
"You have to be able to have a menu attraction that can draw the crowd," said Christopher Rowane, vice president and portfolio manager at Cincinnati-based Bahl & Gaynor, which held nearly 1.28 million McDonald's shares as of the end of June.
Last year's Mighty Wings were a flop, but items such as snack wraps introduced in the United States in 2006 have done better. McDonald's is also trying to cater to people looking for healthier fare, with items like the Egg White Delight McMuffin, introduced in 2013, and fruit and yogurt options in kids' meals.
Today, the McDonald's menu ranges from premium Bacon Clubhouse sandwiches — customers pick a burger or grilled or crispy chicken — to fruit smoothies and McCafe espresso-based drinks. With one eye on value and the other on offering something new, it recently added the $2 Jalapeno Double — two patties topped with pickled and crispy jalapenos, white cheddar and ranch sauce — to the Dollar Menu & More.
Step 3: Boost branding efforts
To connect with today's consumers, McDonald's is taking part in the launch of Apple Pay, the new mobile payment system offered by Apple Inc. It's testing everything from customized burgers to loyalty programs in various parts of the world.
And it sends out messages on Twitter and other social media platforms on topics ranging from free coffee to sustainable sourcing.
"I think it's fair to say that we pushed the reset button on really working hard to truly put the customer at the heart of what we're planning," said Easterbrook, who said the company is working "to truly understand what matters to customers most."
At the same time, McDonald's multiyear focus on value, a key message for a large chunk of its customers, could be hurting them, some suggested.
"They have been so entrenched in being all things to all people, mostly for a buck, that they have actually forgotten about brand," said Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys, a consulting firm.
On the surface, McDonald's has the right formula, in terms of the four P's; product, place, price and promotion, Passikoff said. People know the product, they know where to find it, they know it has low-priced items, and the brand is a major advertiser. Still, it no longer stands out, Passikoff suggests.
Lang, the franchisee, said he can deal with issues such as operational execution and employees, "but I'm not quite as much in control of the bad halo, so to speak, of brand image," pointing to issues such as wage protests staged outside restaurants.
"We've gone through funks, or downturns, before and been able to come out of it," Lang said. "We're not satisfied by the trends. But we're not in denial. We enthusiastically accept the challenge."

Jack Ma was happy making $20 a monthJack Ma was happy making $20 a month
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 23, 2014: 8:30 PM ET
 
Deep thoughts... by Jack Ma
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Jack Ma, the newly-minted richest man in China , was happy making just $20 a month.
The founder of China's online retail giant Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 ) spoke at a panel discussion at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York. Moderated by Chelsea Clinton, the discussion touched upon a wide range of topics, from Ma's relationship with money, his vision for Alibaba and charity.
Wearing a dark Mandarin collar jacket, the outspoken Ma did not hold back. Here are parts of the conversation, edited for clarity.
More money more "headaches"?
The former English teacher said he was paid $20 a month when he first graduated from college. Those were "fantastic days" he said, sounding nostalgic.
He said anyone with $1 million is "a lucky person." But if you have $10 million, "you've got troubles," since you need to worry about how to invest and other "headaches."
But when you have $1 billion is when you have a responsibility to the people who trust you to spend it wisely. At that level, "people believe you can spend the money better than others."
How to spend $25 billion
Ma's company Alibaba debuted last week in the U.S. stock market and shattered all records by raising about $25 billion.
Ma thanked America for helping Alibaba "raise a little money so we can do more things."
There are roughly 7 billion people in the world, but only half a billion shop on the Internet, which means there's a huge opportunity, he said.
Seated between the finance minister of Nigeria and the CEO of General Motors ( GM ), Ma said Alibaba wants to connect buyers and sellers from Nigeria to the Philippines to China.
The importance of foresight
Ma stressed how important it was to think ahead.
"We got successful today -- not because we did a great job today. We had a dream 15 years ago" that the internet could help small businesses.
He said though some people have linked Alibaba's success to "secret government support," it was actually more a result of hard work and dedication.
"We don't have a rich father or a powerful uncle," he said. "We only have the customers that support us."
Alibaba's spectacular rise from a start-up in Ma's apartment 15 years ago to one of the world's largest companies today is proof that "80% of the people in China can be successful," he said.
Help small guys. Because small guys will be big
Ma has set aside $3 billion to invest in a charitable trust. His priorities are the environment and education.
He said millions of people in China will develop "health problems" if nothing is done to combat air and water pollution. But he sounded optimistic about being able to change this, noting that people doubted his business ambitions too.
Ma also stressed the need to invest in culture. "I don't want people in China to have deep pockets but shallow minds," he said.
Ma, who has said he admires Forrest Gump, ended his remarks with a simple formula for changing the world.
"The secret here is helping those who want to be successful. Help young people. Help small guys. Because small guys will be big. Young people will have the seeds you bury in their minds and when they grow up they will change the world."

It will take a big visionThe dramatic change of government in India makes it possible to boost US and Indian approaches to the economic relationship to derive new benefits for both sides.
Posted: September 24, 2014 12:22 am
BY: TARUN DAS
Chinese President Xi Jinping has left after an unprecedented visit, especially considering the relationship-building programme in Ahmedabad personally coordinated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Prior to this, the prime minister had an outstanding trip to Japan, engaging with his counterpart Shinzo Abe. Next on the agenda is the United States, and clearly, the bar has been set high by these two major international interactions. The US visit can, and must, surpass Japan and China.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee spoke of India and the US being “natural allies”. This has not happened. It is also unlikely to happen in the near future because of a variety of differences between the two countries. But Modi’s visit this month can be path-breaking, with a focus on relationship- and trust-building as well as renewing confidence in furthering economic relations. Achieving these two objectives will lay a new foundation for the future.
India and the US are collaborating on multiple fronts but the divide that separates them is also significant. US policy towards South Asia, its benign attitude to cross-border terrorism against India, its somewhat lukewarm cooperation on intelligence-sharing, its policy of intervention in the affairs of other countries, its pressures on developing economies on climate issues, its dominance of three apex multilateral financial institutions, its surveillance policy — these are just a few of the issues that separate India and the US. Sadly, there are many more.
And yet, there is much that India and the US can do together in the fields of energy (clean and otherwise), education, health, technology, innovation, cyber security, space and entrepreneurship, to mention only a few areas of huge potential. And, the near three million NRIs in the US are a binding, linking army of quality.
Some of this is happening, partly with government support; a lot of it freely between the private sectors, which is a unique dimension of Indo-US relations. With no other country in the world do India and Indian industry, and the Indian people, have such massive networks of partnership.
If the potential is to be realised, mutual trust has to be built. But how? Can lecturing and talking down be avoided? Can there be understanding of the leading and managing of 1.2 billion people? Can respect be felt and shown? Can the US tune into the great new priorities to change India, such as hygiene and the girl child (or leave it to Bill Gates?) and can there be an appreciation of the end to tax terrorism and easier business processes? Can there be an understanding that India has to resolve its challenges the Indian way?
If there is an acceptance of two-way traffic and that India is not an “ally” (that is, subsidiary!) but a “partner” with its own culture and civilisation, then, surely, trust and respect can flow from continued…

Congratulate the ISRO team behind  Mars missionEYE BROWSE
Congratulate ISRO team on Mars mission success
The success marks a milestone for the space program in demonstrating that it can conduct complex missions and act as a global launch pad for commercial, navigational and research satellites.
Yahoo India –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014
Print
India Wednesday created space history by becoming the first country in the world to enter Mars orbit in its maiden attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of deep-space explorers. Scientists described the final stages of the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. The success marks a milestone for the space program in demonstrating that it can conduct complex missions and act as a global launch pad for commercial, navigational and research satellites.
Getting a spaceship successfully into orbit around Mars is no easy task. More than half the world's previous attempts — 23 out of 41 missions — have failed, including one by Japan in 1999. India's Mars Orbiter Mission glided over 650 million km through deep space for over nine months to reach the red planet's orbit.
Join us in congratulating the brilliant ISRO scientists behind the Mars mission:
Recommend

How to trade metal counters after SC verdictHow to trade metal majors post Supreme Court order
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 04.25PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(According to analysts ,…)
MUMBAI: The Supreme Court's landmark judgement to cancel allocation of 214 coal blocks came as a lightning bolt to metal majors.
The apex court not only cancelled the non-operational coal blocks but also ones run by companies such as Hindalco, Jindal Steel & Power, Tata Steel and Usha Martin. The companies will also have to pay a penalty for the production so far.
The allottees have been given a breathing period of six months. It is not clear whether the SC will review its decision after seeking replies from affected companies.
The government will be free to auction coal blocks post March 31, 2015. Coal India has been asked to take over operational blocks for six months.
According to analysts tracking the sector, JSPL will be the worst hit by the order. The stock has corrected nearly 10 per cent and in all likelihood may fall another 5 per cent in next couple of weeks.
They don't expect too much fall in Hindalco Industries . The company will lose three coal blocks.
Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager, ashwanigujral.com is of the view both JSPL and Hindalco are avoidable at current levels. There are chances of further weakness emerging in coming sessions.
Siddharth Bhamre, Head Derivatives , Angel Broking, is of the view that Hindalco will be a good buy at Rs 145-150. According to him, traders can start accumulating the stock near Rs 145.
Coal India, which gets to run the mines from the April 2015 till the government initiates auction, has been on a run post SC order.
Gujral is of the view that Coal India has made some sort of intermediate bottom. Traders can expect another 10-15 per cent rise in the stock.
Bhamre is of the view that Coal India corrected in Septemer series and there build-up of short positions. As a result of news flow, these shorts will be covered. According to him, momentum oscillators are positive and over 7 per cent upside can be expected.
JSPL fell 10.60 per cent, Monnet Ispat plunged 8.16 per cent, Prakash Industries was 8.20 per cent lower and Usha Martin tanked 11.83 per cent. Hindalco recoved intraday losses to close 0.48 per cent lower.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC verdict is good for Coal India  counter surges 5%coal blocks
("For the court, it is not…)
In a chat with ET Now, Partha Bhattacharya , Former Chairman, Coal India, talks about the cancellation of coal block allocations. Excerpts:
ET Now: All coal blocks have been cancelled, except the government run non-JV allotments. Your initial thoughts?
Partha Bhattacharya: People expected it to happen when the court had declared all these allocations as illegal. So, if everything is already illegal, it is then not a very difficult decision to make. I believe this decision is a corollary of what the court had held as far as the allocations were concerned.
ET Now: Do you think this is a very harsh decision considering the economic reality? Captive coal will be the mainstay for the power industry after the cancellation of coal allocations. Will the problems only get messier?
Partha Bhattacharya: For the court, it is not a question of harsh or soft. The question is of illegality. The court must have arrived at this conclusion only after a thorough deliberation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

London space more pricey than Hong KongLondon overtakes Hong Kong as city with highest rents
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 24, 2014: 10:06 AM ET
 
London's priciest residence
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
London has overtaken Hong Kong as the world's most expensive city to rent homes and offices as property prices soar.
Real estate firm Savills found that the combined cost of renting living and working space for a single person has risen to $120,568 a year in London.
That's up a staggering 39% from 2008.
Hong Kong has slipped to second position, after five years at the top, Savills said.
London's rise has been driven by a surge in property prices, and a stronger pound , which inflated the costs in dollars.
Residential real estate prices have risen 18.4% in the past year and office rents have also increased.
By contrast, Hong Kong rents have dropped due to weaker demand as many companies downsize and require less space. That's a real turnaround from 2011, when the city's costs per person hit $128,000.
Related: The $240 million apartment: London's property frenzy
But being at the top of the list isn't necessarily a good thing.
Rising rents are making London less affordable for some businesses, and pose a threat to the city's ability to compete globally, Savills said in its annual survey of costs in 12 cities around the world.
"Gentrification has priced out new start-ups and the vitality of central London locations are at risk as they become too expensive for the type of occupiers that made them attractive in the first place," it added.
Apart from adding directly to companies' overheads, rising real estate costs may mean employers face pressure to pay their staff higher salaries.
New York and Paris are ranked third and fourth, with home and office space costs exceeding $100,000 a year per employee.
The Savills survey takes account of rents, related real estate costs such as taxes, and changes in exchange rates.
Other cost-of-living surveys that measure a broader set of factors can produce different results.
One recent study named Tokyo, Osaka and Sydney as the most expensive cities in the world.
First Published: September 24, 2014: 8:38 AM ET
Most Popular

New App Cuddlr Connects Strangers For Purely Cuddlingreddit
If you're interested in cuddling with a stranger, there's now an app for that. Think Tinder, but without any expectations for dating or something more.
Cuddlr shows the names, pictures, and number of upvotes and downvotes -- users rate each other after they cuddle -- of users within walking distance of you. Tapping on a photo sends a cuddle request, and the recipient then has 15 minutes to accept or reject. If they accept, you can send them a message, and you're able to track each of your locations on a map.
What happens when you meet is up to you. The founders encourage users to keep the experience completely platonic. "Unlike some other apps, Cuddlr is strictly about PG-rated experiences. Keep the cuddle a cuddle!" the app's introduction reads. The app suggests lying together in a park, window shopping, or just hugging. You can see some of the platonic fun in their video below.
"I think as a culture we’re ready to consider cuddling as more than just something that happens before or after sex, but as something worth pursuing in its own right," founder Charlie Williams told Salon .
You'll need a Facebook account to register; Facebook is also the source of your Cuddlr profile photo. Cuddlr doesn't reveal gender or age, so filtering is only by appearance.
More:

CME says no current plans to introduce VSR in corn futures0
CME said earlier this summer that it was reviewing its corn futures contract, a process it conducts periodically. Industry sources said among the topics CME is looking at is VSR in corn.
CBOT's soft red winter wheat contract is the only CBOT grain futures affected by VSR, a complex formula introduced in 2010. VSR raises or lowers the costs to store wheat eligible for delivery against CBOT futures depending on the shifting price differences in the nearby futures contracts.
CME introduced VSR after loud complaints from grain merchants and traders about persistent wide gaps between soft red winter wheat cash prices and futures prices during contract expirations. Such lack of “convergence” pushed many hedgers, core CME clients who insure price risk through futures, away from the market.
At one point, soft red winter wheat cash prices basis at Toledo, Ohio, the key CME delivery point for soft red wheat, had dropped to as much as $2 a bushel below CBOT futures. That gap has mostly disappeared with VSR on Wednesday, although some soft red winter wheat futures traders continue to complain about the scheme's volatile effects on trading.
Corn cash basis bids at Illinois River locations, the key delivery points for CBOT corn futures, are now running about 25 to 50 cents per bushel below December futures, a discount which traders called normal heading into a big harvest.

There s a  death cross  in the stock marketBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz September 24, 2014: 4:17 PM ET
 
Don't sweat the market's dip
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
September is living up to its reputation as the worst month for the stock market.
CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index is once again showing signs of Extreme Fear, and after two straight sell-offs to start the week, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq are in the red for the month (the Dow is just above breakeven).
The market bounced back Wednesday though, and the three major indexes remain up for the year. Shares of smaller companies, however, are really taking it on the chin.
The Russell 2000 index of small cap stocks is down 4% in September. That sell-off has wiped out the index's gains for all of 2014.
In a more ominous sign, the Russell 2000 hit something known by traders as a "death cross" on Monday.
That's a technical term used to describe when the 50-day moving average falls below the 200-day moving average for an index. In plain English, a death cross means momentum is going in the wrong direction.
Related: What will make stocks go even higher?
So should you be concerned? Death is not the happiest of words. But it's not time to panic if you are buying and holding quality companies for the long haul.
"The death cross is a big scary sounding name that will get some headlines. And it could be a major warning sign," said Ryan Detrick, strategist for See It Market, a research firm. "But smaller stocks have lagged for a while. Will they eventually pull down the overall market? It hasn't happened yet."
A death cross is sometimes a bearish sign. But not always.
Detrick said the Russell 2000 death cross shows that investors are more interested in shares of "boring blue chips." Just look at some of the market's big leaders this year.
Massive companies like Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ), Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ), Merck ( MRK ), Disney ( DIS ), Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) and Wells Fargo ( WFC ) are beating the broader market. They're all stable companies that pay dividends.
Richard Ross, the global technical strategist for brokerage firm Auerbach Grayson, agreed that the death cross is probably not the beginning of a bear market.
Related: Fear factor: Investors are scared again
He notes that investors have been worried about a variety of things lately -- emerging markets, Europe and geopolitical risks to name a few. While the market has been more volatile this year than last, the trend has still been up.
"We've been looking for canaries in the coal mine all year," Ross said. "The weakness for small caps is not a great thing, but the death cross is not the most bearish thing out there. It's not necessarily a great market timing tool."
To that end, the Russell 2000 last hit a death cross in 2011, around the time that the credit rating of the United States was downgraded by Standard & Poor's.
Those were nervous times indeed. Stocks went into a correction -- a drop of more than 10% from a recent peak -- as a result. But it didn't kill the bull market that's been going on since March 2009.
 
El-Erian: 'Markets are exuberant'
And speaking of a correction, we're long overdue for one . So while the market choppiness this month is a bit unnerving, it might be healthy over the long run.
Markets turn for the worse when companies start doing poorly. Plain and simple. There is no evidence of fundamentals deteriorating yet, especially for industry giants.
"Stocks may be volatile for the next few weeks, but over the next three to six months, it may not be so bad," Detrick said. "It may just be time for larger stocks to lead. Earnings are still going higher."
First Published: September 24, 2014: 12:02 PM ET
Most Popular

Obamas latte salute controversy spins into second dayBy Dan Lamothe September 24 Follow @danlamothe
Some are criticizing the president for a video posted by the White House that shows him saluting two marines with a hand holding a cup. PostTV slowed down the video to capture the president's gesture. (Instagram/whitehouse)
Sixteen months ago, President Obama came under fire from critics after he asked Marines at the White House to hold umbrellas for him and then-Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan during an outdoor news conference in which it rained.
The decision spawned outrage, with some questioning why Obama would do so despite a uniform regulation that says male Marines in uniform should not use umbrellas. “Umbrella-gate” was born, bringing with it a hashtag — #umbrellagate — and an emotional conversation about whether the president was disrespecting rank-and-file service members.
hard to put towords all the reasons I hate Obama, but this pic is perfect symbolism for it. #obama #umbrellagate pic.twitter.com/BPgQG3NWaY
— Jacknife84 (@jacknife84) May 17, 2013
The controversy was recalled Tuesday as Obama found himself in a new controversy after the White House released a brief video on its Instagram account of the president departing the Marine One helicopter in New York. Obama salutes the Marines as he steps off the aircraft — but has a coffee cup in his right hand as he salutes with it. It was quickly dubbed the “latte salute.”
The move came shortly after Obama announced on Tuesday that the United States and five Arab partners had launched a series of airstrikes in Syria . The reaction was swift and vitriolic from some corners, many of which criticize the president frequently.
“I mean, please, how disrespectful was that?” said Republican strategist Karl Rove on Fox News.
“Obama’s Disrespectful ‘Latte Salute’ Shocks and Offends,” said a headline on the conservative Web site Breitbart . It also prompted the creation of the satirical Twitter account @ObamasLatte :
Man, I’m really getting a latte attention tonight. #LatteSalute — Latte-in-chief (@ObamasLatte) September 24, 2014
Reaction from veterans and service members has been mixed. Brian Jones, a recent Marine Corps veteran, wrote on the military-themed Web site Task and Purpose that the “ presidential salute isn’t a real thing .” From his post:
So now thousands of people got their jimmies rustled because the busiest and most important man in the world forgot to switch his pumpkin-spice latte from his right hand in following an imaginary protocol on his way to address the United Nations about a war he just entered. I can’t imagine what possibly could have been on his mind.
This isn’t the first time Obama has botched the salute. Last year, the president boarded Marine One without saluting the Marine by the door. Realizing his mistake, he quickly debarked and shook the young corporal’s hand, telling him, I assume, how profoundly sorry he was for offending him. For the past six years, the Obama administration has been plagued by accusations of being everything from treasonous to unpatriotic and distant from the military community. It’s a largely partisan critique of a liberal president, and Obama’s critics have often bent history to pretend his predecessors behaved differently and that the president has failed to meet some sort of standard.
Fred Wellman, a retired Army veteran, also criticized the reaction, saying it was “ridiculous.” He added that so was defending Obama by pointing out that President George W. Bush also was photographed giving an awkward salute .
As ridiculous as getting upset about Obama’s salute today is dredging up photos of Bush to compare. He had a brain fart. It happens. Move on
— Fred Wellman (@FPWellman) September 24, 2014
Paul Rieckoff, an Army veteran and founder of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of American organization, had a more concise reaction to the controversy: “Dumb.”
Dumb. RT @GPIngersoll : Another salute heard round the world. http://t.co/CzHc0Gud4d pic.twitter.com/zocnNUTNXq
— Paul (PJ) Rieckhoff (@PaulRieckhoff) September 24, 2014
But J.R. Salzman, a wounded Iraq War veteran, thinks the criticism is warranted, however — and that civilians who dismiss it don’t get it.
I had to salute with a prosthetic arm, yet Obama cant even put down his damn latte? Come on. — J.R. Salzman (@jrsalzman) September 23, 2014
A lot of people fail to understand a proper salute isn’t just a matter of procedure. Its also a matter of respect, a military value. — J.R. Salzman (@jrsalzman) September 24, 2014
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Farmers get $1 billion from Big BusinessBy Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo September 24, 2014: 3:41 PM ET
Sodexo committed $1 billion to helping local farmers like this woman in Laos.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Sodexo is one of the world's largest companies, but it's planning to use small businesses in a big way.
This week, the food service operations and facilities management company vowed to pump $1 billion into 5,000 local farms and other small business around the world.
The "commitment to action" was made at the Clinton Global Initiative, one of many efforts the foundation has made to connect big business with small firms.
Sodexo will partner with over 150 organizations in 40 countries to help identify its local partners. Over the next three years, the company will purchase goods from small and medium-sized firms, putting the products into schools, businesses, government offices and sports buildings that it distributes to.
The commitment will also focus on helping women-owned and operated small businesses (roughly 1,500).
Sodexo -- a French company founded in 1966 -- has made smaller-scale efforts to support local businesses (like Farm to Table dinners at universities). But this week's commitment marks a more formalized, robust effort to help support the "little guys."
"We're the 18th largest employer and have 34,000 locations [globally] " said Dr. Rohini Anand, global chief diversity officer at Sodexo. "We have a responsibility to give back."
Related: Can this bank lift 80,000 out of poverty?
Sodexo is just the latest corporation that's committed to leveraging its market position to help small businesses.
In its 10-year history, the Clinton Global Initiative has found that collaborations between groups -- like corporations, non-governmental organizations and aid agencies -- are more likely to have an impact.
"It makes a difference if people work together," President Bill Clinton said on a conference call Saturday. "Networks of cooperation will be the dominant mode of success [in the future]."
In fact, a huge majority of commitments made at CGI have involved partnerships between multiple organizations (many of which are cross sector, such as between a corporation and an NGO). This year, the Alliance for a Healthier Generation reached an agreement with the American Beverage Association, Coca-Cola ( CCE ), Dr. Pepper Snapple Group ( DPS ) and PepsiCo ( PEP ) to reduce beverage calories by 20% by 2025.
Related: Women have trouble asking for money
Cross-partnership commitments also tend to be more successful in reaching their commitment goals (and often exceed them), according to CGI.
In its ten year existence, the Clinton Global Initiative has facilitated $4.3 billion worth of investments and loans to small and medium-sized enterprises. As proof that its strategy works, CGI points to the fact that just 4.9% of commitments have been unsuccessful.
First Published: September 24, 2014: 2:44 PM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1sqLgeCFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 3:49 p.m. EDT September 26, 2014
Dorothy Shumrt reads the "Los Angeles Register" on the day of its launch,  April 16, 2014,  while waiting for a train at Union Station in Los Angeles. It has ceased publication.
(Photo: Richard Vogel, AP)
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When he was under fire during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is."
Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner seems to have a similarly flexible take on the meaning of '10.'"
When he boldly invaded the turf of the Los Angeles Times to launch a new newspaper in the City of Angels in April, the print-loving Kushner told me he had a "10-year plus" plan for the fledgling Los Angeles Register. This week he shut it down.
Eight months before the L.A. Register's debut, Kushner had triggered another newspaper war, this time in Long Beach, Calif., when he started up the Long Beach Register to take on the city's Press-Telegram. Kushner mothballed that start-up in June.
Rieder: Launching a new paper in LA a bold move
For a print guy, Kushner certainly seems to have embraced the Silicon Valley mantra, "Fail fast, fail often."
Kushner, a former greeting card magnate and Web entrepreneur, got into the newspaper business in July 2012 when his equity group acquired Freedom Communications, parent of the Orange County Register. Kushner promptly electrified the media world by declaring his belief in beleaguered print and going on a massive hiring spree at the Register — at a time when many newspapers, completely disrupted by the digital onslaught, were shrinking their staffs, often sharply.
This year has seen waves of layoffs at the Register, the latest this week.
When I wrote about Kushne r and his wildly contrarian ways in February 2013, I asked, "What does Aaron Kushner know that no one else does?" The answer seems to be, not so much.
Aaron Kushner.
(Photo: Frank Bellin, AP)
And clearly, Kushner's pockets are hardly deep enough to sustain such ambitious aspirations in such challenging times.
When I talked this week to the would-be mogul who once expressed interest in buying Tribune Co.'s papers, he sounded somewhat chastened but hardly ready to give up the fight.
When I asked him what had happened to the long-term thinking he had ballyhooed, he replied, "We're very much about long-term, but we're not shy about moving quickly."
In the heady days of the L.A. launch, Kushner agrees, he clearly was not anticipating a run of less than half a year. But he says there simply hadn't been "enough success" in the early stages to justify staying the course.
"When you make investments, they don't always work out the way you want," Kushner says. "That doesn't mean you shouldn't make the investments."
The decision to bury the L.A. Register, Kushner explains, was simple. While he thought the paper was "fabulous" and would have become "robust" if given the time, he and partner Eric Spitz concluded that the company's long-term future would be better served by focusing on the Orange County Register and another Southern California paper, The Press-Enterprise of Riverside, which they acquired last year .
Rieder: This publisher is spending to grow
Well, OK. But that clearly was the case from the get-go.  If it's an either/or choice, you're better off with established businesses than launching quixotic incursions into other newspapers' turf. Even back in the days when newspapers, hard as it is now to believe, were cash cows, successfully establishing a paper in a city that already had one was virtually impossible.
Aaron Kushner, publisher of the "Orange County Register," in his office in Santa Ana, Calif., on Dec. 27, 2012.
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Looking back, was that well-intentioned doubling of the Register staff simply too much? "Hindsight is always 20/20," Kushner says, "Should we have hired fewer people? Maybe. At the end of the day, you've got to try things. Everybody knows that not everything you try will work well."
And despite the rampant setbacks, Kushner rejects the notion that he has been too bullish on print in the rapidly transforming digital age. Kushner, who says preserving newspapers is a "civic duty," sees a "good, healthy long-term future" for the Register and The Press-Enterprise.
But, he hastily adds, "It's not going to be easy. We're running against the tide. But we're certainly going to keep running."
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Centre defers price hike for gas  may affect RILCentre defers price hike for gas  may affect RIL
http://usat.ly/1ve3dLtEMAIL
AFP/Getty
Shares of Apple (AAPL)  were under pressure Wednesday as the sturdiness of the latest iPhone and its software design came under evaluation.
Apple stock ended down 89 cents, or 0.9%, to $101.75 throwing a bit of cold water on the euphoria following the release of the iPhone 6 on Sept. 19. Given Apple’s huge market value — it’s the most valuable company in the U.S. and therefore has huge sway — even a percentage point decline can apply pressure to stocks.
LISTEN: Is #Bendgate for real? USA TODAY's Tech Roundtable weighs in http://t.co/y3hk1CyLRZ
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 25, 2014
These latest problems with the latest iPhone and its operating system mar the company’s well-groomed image of only releasing products when they’re 100% rock solid.
Video circulating on the Internet shows how the latest iPhone can be bent by applying pressure, not all that greater than might result from the phone being placed in a pair of pants.
Separately, Apple has yanked its update to this mobile phone operating system, called iOS, after widespread reports of problems raging from lost cellular connections and battery drain.
Shares of Apple are still up strongly this year, gaining roughly 27%. Yet the stock is down, along with the market, since the much ballyhooed launch of the latest iPhone.
Chart source: MSN Money

Industry hails success of Mars missionIndustry hails success of Mars mission
Panel to study FTA with Eurasian UnionPanel to study FTA with Eurasian Union
http://usat.ly/1viw2VZQuiz: What kind of car should you really drive?
Find the best set of wheels for your lifestyle with this quiz from USA TODAY Network.
Post to Facebook
Quiz: What kind of car should you really drive? Find the best set of wheels for your lifestyle with this quiz from USA TODAY Network. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1srh17l
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Quiz: What kind of car should you really drive?
1989 CONNECT 42 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Do you like the wind in your or hair, or is a minivan more your speed? Take this quiz from USA TODAY Network to find the best set of wheels for your lifestyle.
Follow @lagrisham , @JolieLeeDC and @eleanor_mueller on Twitter.
More:

A year after the poop cruise  Carnival flush with salesBy Drew Harwell September 24 Follow @drewharwell
A view of the pool deck of Carnival Asia’s Costa Atlantica during its maiden call at the Marina Bay Cruise Center in Singapore in 2013. (REUTERS/Edgar Su)
As vacationers hoarded snacks and human waste dribbled down the walls of last year’s “ cruise from hell ,” many expected Carnival, the world’s biggest cruise operator, had suffered a business-wrecking hit.
But new numbers show the stink from the cruise line’s high-profile disaster last year has already begun to fade. Carnival just logged one of its best summers in history, beating projections by posting nearly $5 billion in sales of tickets, tours and on-board goodies. It’s on track to earn $16 billion in sales this year, breaking a company record.
Many more people bought tickets, with Caribbean cruises booking nearly 20 percent more guests this summer than the year before, company filings show. And once those cruisers were sailing, they spent nearly 10 percent more on things like vacation trinkets and fruity drinks.
The good fortunes for the vacation giant that was so recently a laughingstock surprised not just analysts, but Carnival itself. Chief executive Arnold Donald said Tuesday on a conference call that the cruise line’s “recovery is probably a little faster than we had a right to believe it would be.”
Last year was one nightmare after another for Carnival, the $31 billion cruise behemoth that runs its namesake cruise line and 10 other big-ship brands worldwide. A fire in the Carnival Triumph’s engine room in February stranded the ship’s more than 4,000 passengers and crew for four days with no power or running toilets, turning the floating resort into a “ hot port-o-potty .” A month later, mechanical problems aboard the Carnival Dream and Carnival Legend led the cruise line to cancel scheduled stops and, in the Dream’s case, fly passengers back home.
In the months since, Carnival has emptied its pockets and cranked up its marketing to win back grossed-out passengers. The cruise line spent $300 million installing emergency generators and upgrading ships’ safety systems, convened a board of outside experts, including two retired U.S. Navy rear admirals, to review the fleet, and built new rum pubs, game shows, cocktail bars and water slides through an initiative they called “ Fun Ship 2.0 .”
The Miami megafirm also slashed ticket prices — by more than $80 million in one quarter last year, according to corporate filings — and offered cruisers full refunds, plus 10 percent on top , if they didn’t leave leave satisfied. All the spending and cutting, though, carved deeply into their profits: The cruise line is expected to pocket $1 billion less in profit in 2014 than it earned in 2008.
Carnival has bounced back from messy vacation fiascos before. In 2010, the same year an engine fire stranded the Carnival Splendor off San Diego’s coast, the company reported an 11 percent jump in income over the previous year.
YouGov BrandIndex said last year Carnival suffered “one of the steepest drops in consumer perception for a brand” since BP and the Gulf oil spill. But index analysts now say in  their mid-year report that “no company has made greater strides in perception than Carnival.”
The cruise line’s breezy summer was fueled by big growth in China, which executives said could one day become the “largest cruise market in the world.” As for now, though, Americans rule the seas: Half of the 21 million cruise passengers this year hail from the U.S., data from Cruise Lines International Association show .
Next year could prove tougher for Carnival, which will have to drydock many of its ships to upgrade fuel systems and install exhaust-cleaning “scrubbers” to meet new pollutant rules, dinging Carnival’s revenue. But analysts said the cruise line will likely continue to leave the worst of its “poop cruise” days behind — as long as it can avoid another embarrassment.
“It just takes time to get the confidence back from the cruising customer that they’re not going to have some horrible experience,” said C. Patrick Scholes, a senior lodging and leisure analyst with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. “The best thing they can do is stay out of the news.”
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

It s not easy to do business in India: Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio ColaoIt s not easy to do business in India: Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao
Renewable energy plan hinges on huge Utah caverns...and
versions
CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) — A proposal to export twice as much Wyoming wind power to Los Angeles as the amount of electricity generated by the Hoover Dam includes an engineering feat even more massive than that famous structure: Four chambers, each approaching the size of the Empire State Building, would be carved from an underground salt deposit to hold huge volumes of compressed air.
The caverns in central Utah would serve as a kind of massive battery on a scale never before seen, helping to overcome the fact that — even in Wyoming — wind doesn't blow all the time.
Air would be pumped into the caverns when power demand is low and wind is high, typically at night. During times of increased demand, the compressed air would be released to drive turbines and feed power to markets in far-away Southern California.
It's a relatively simple concept proven decades ago on a much smaller scale by utilities in Alabama and Germany. Yet, experts said Wednesday there's a reason similar projects don't exist elsewhere: The technology known as "compressed air energy storage" is expensive, particularly when stacked against other power sources such as cheap, natural gas.
"Stored energy technically is wonderful stuff. But it's primarily the capital costs that get you," said Brendan Kirby, a private consultant and former senior researcher at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. "If it made a lot of economic sense, you'd be seeing these projects duplicated."
Still, Kirby and other experts added that the concept holds great promise for broader application as expenses drop, wind power capacity expands and West Coast utilities look to Rocky Mountain states to supply more electricity. It also could help rebut renewable energy skeptics who point to the variability of wind power as reason enough to stick with fossil fuels.
In this case, the electricity would originate with a 2,100-megawatt wind farm near Chugwater, a southeast Wyoming town of about 200 people 140 miles north of Denver. High-voltage lines would send the electricity to the compressed-air site 10 miles north of Delta, Utah.
From there, the electricity would go to California, a state that requires one-third of its power to come from renewable sources, such as wind and solar.
California also is a big driver of energy storage. Last year, the state required three major utilities to acquire 1,325 megawatts of energy storage by 2020.
A megawatt is enough electricity to provide power to roughly 600 to 1,000 homes.
Batteries big enough to serve the grid can meet the requirement, but compressed air storage is a much better option, said Loyd Drain, executive director of the Wyoming Infrastructure Authority, an agency that promotes power line development to export electricity generated in the state.
"Battery storage is very expensive, very inefficient. The second you put a charge into a battery it starts to discharge. You lose a lot of power," Drain said. "But energy storage, like compressed air storage, you can store that and not lose any energy."
The air would be pumped into four caverns, each 1,300-feet high and 290-feet wide and capable of holding enough air to generate 60,000 megawatt-hours of electricity through turbines at the surface.
"It's probably one of the only salt formations in the West that lends itself to compressed air energy storage of any scale bigger than a very small facility. It's a very large salt formation, very deep," Chris Jones, managing director of business development for Duke-American Transmission, one of four partners in the project, said Wednesday.
To excavate the caverns, the companies will pump fresh water into the salt deposit, which geologists call a "salt dome," to gradually dissolve out the caverns. Magnum Energy, another partner in the project, already has used that process at the site to create two large caverns that can each store up to 2 million barrels of propane or butane.
As the caverns get bigger, salt water is pumped to the surface to dry, leaving behind salt that can be sold for a variety of purposes, including road salt, said Magnum Energy spokesman Rob Webster.
"From the surface, it would look not different from an oil or gas well, with a big wellhead sitting on top of it and not really much else to see," Webster said.
While huge salt domes are rare onshore in the West, they're common in the Gulf of Mexico. Oil and gas companies excavate them to store natural gas using the same method.
Magnum Energy expects to begin the two-year process of excavating the caverns in 2016. Once completed with all equipment in place, the facility will cost an estimated $1.5 billion.
Paul Denholm, an analyst at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Boulder, Colorado, who has analyzed the economics of wind energy storage, said even though high costs have tripped up other projects, that won't necessarily be the case in Utah.
"The thing that makes this one different is that wind keeps getting cheaper and cheaper in price," he said. "Every year that we move along the economics look more favorable."
___
Brown reported from Billings, Montana.

University launches beer-making program...and
versions
DETROIT (AP) — Colleges and beer have a long shared history. A university in Michigan is taking that partnership to a new level with the creation of a program to train and certify experts in "fermentation science."
Central Michigan University in Mount Pleasant this week announced plans to launch the program in fall 2015, aimed particularly at supporting and boosting the state's fast-growing craft brewing industry, now a $1 billion-plus annual business.
"As of 2013, Michigan ranked fifth in the nation in number of breweries, behind only California, Colorado, Oregon and Washington," said Ian Davison, dean of the College of Science and Technology at the Mount Pleasant school.
Central Michigan bills its undergraduate program as the first in the state specifically aimed at providing a "hands-on education focused on craft beer." Similar programs operate at the University of California's Davis and San Diego campuses and at Oregon State and Central Washington universities.
Michigan State University has operated an artisan distilling program for 15 years and last year started a beverage specialization program that also includes beer and wine-making.
The Central Michigan program will include classroom and lab work in biochemistry, chemistry and microbiology, as well as a 200-hour internship in a "production-scale facility."
The university, which is about 150 miles northwest of Detroit, said it is collaborating with the Mountain Town Brewing Co. and Hunter's Ale House in developing the program.
Program director Cordell DeMattei said it "will fill a need in the state and across the region for students to learn the science and technology underlying brewing ... and provides the training needed by future leaders of the craft brewing industry."
Recent years have seen an explosion of interest in small-scale, local, high-quality beer-making.
Rob Sirrine of the Michigan State University Extension said more than 400 acres of hops, beer's key flavoring ingredient, are under cultivation in Michigan. Growers' main market is small-sale in-state brewers, he said.
Behind the growth in demand for high-end beer is a long-running fascination with the brewing process, one of the oldest forms of human food processing.
"There's a lot of romantic attachment to beer," said Scott Graham, executive director of the Michigan Brewers Guild. The Lansing-based group represents the state's microbreweries, now numbering more than 160, and helped win passage this year of laws allowing them to expand.
In-state microbrewers currently have 5 percent of Michigan's beer market, a share that could easily double or triple, Graham said.
___

Teen crash victims  families drop suit against GM...and
versions
DETROIT (AP) — The families of two Wisconsin teenagers killed in a car crash involving a faulty General Motors ignition switch have dropped their lawsuit against the company and are seeking a settlement with the automaker.
The Oct. 24, 2006, crash that killed Natasha Weigel, who was 18, and Amy Rademaker, who was 15, was among the first blamed on the faulty switches, and evidence from the crash exposed how GM and federal regulators missed clues that could have prompted a recall of the cars as early as seven years ago.
Instead, GM failed to recall 2.6 million cars equipped with the switches until earlier this year.
Despite evidence that people within GM knew for years about a defect in the ignition switches in Chevrolet Cobalts and other small cars, the families face tough going in court because of the legal protection GM has from liabilities incurred prior to its 2009 bankruptcy. The families and their attorney, Robert Hilliard, dropped the suit on July 31, then filed a wrongful death claim with Kenneth Feinberg, the compensation expert hired to settle with victims on GM's behalf.
Representatives of the victims of any crash that preceded GM's bankruptcy face a similar choice. Hilliard is among a number of lawyers trying to get GM's so-called bankruptcy shield revoked, but he said judges rarely unravel a corporate bankruptcy agreement.
Rademaker's mother, Margie Beskau, of Woodville, Wisconsin, saw little chance the lawsuit would succeed. "GM is hiding behind their bankruptcy, so it would make it very difficult for us to sue them, because Amy died before they filed that bankruptcy," she said.
The girls' deaths are among 21 that Feinberg has deemed eligible for payments from GM since he started accepting claims on Aug. 1. He has received 143 death claims, with the rest still being evaluated. On Wednesday, his spokeswoman said he had made the first cash compensation offers to 15 claimants.
Feinberg informed Hilliard of his offers to the families on Wednesday as well. Hilliard described them as "fairly fair," without disclosing the amounts. Earlier he said that under Feinberg's compensation formula, he expected each family to get at least $3 million. The families can refile the lawsuit if they aren't satisfied with the offers.
GM has admitted it knew about the flawed switches for at least a decade before issuing a recall. The switches can unexpectedly slip into the "accessory" position, shutting off the engine and disabling key features such as power-assisted steering, and the car's air bags. Congress and the Justice Department are investigating GM's handling of the recall.
The car's driver, Megan Phillips, also a plaintiff in the lawsuit, survived the crash but suffered permanent brain damage. The data recorder in her 2005 Cobalt showed that the ignition switch was in "accessory" at the time of the crash.
A Wisconsin state trooper investigating the crash made the connection between the defective switch and the air bags not deploying. A report commissioned by GM, and a separate report from a Congressional committee on the role of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, said both the company and regulators were aware of the trooper's finding but largely ignored it for years.
The move to drop the lawsuit, despite the strong evidence against GM, illustrates the difficulty pre-bankruptcy plaintiffs face because of the bankruptcy shield, said Carl Tobias, a law professor at the University of Richmond in Virginia. It makes Feinberg a better option than a potentially costly and lengthy court case.
Tobias said there's little risk to making a claim with Feinberg because the plaintiffs aren't obliged to accept his offer.
"Everyone is making the same calculus," he said. "Hilliard knows that that just may be a long, tough fight to win a civil case, and he may not come out with any more money."
For GM, Tobias said, it's advantageous to encourage settlements with Feinberg — even for millions of dollars — to avoid bad publicity, legal costs and the risk of huge verdicts. The automaker has set aside $400 million in its compensation fund and may pay out up to $600 million.
Families of victims of crashes that happened after July 2009 may be willing to fight in court because GM can be found liable for death or injury. For example, the family of Brooke Melton, a Georgia nurse who died in a 2010 Cobalt crash, settled last year for $5 million. But, citing what they say is new evidence that GM concealed the switch problem, the Meltons want the settlement overturned so they can seek a larger jury verdict. They also want company executives to be questioned under oath.
When the Rademaker and Weigel families told Feinberg their stories in August, "he wanted to get to know us so he could actually get a sense of who our daughters were," Beskau said. "To him, they are not just numbers, they are people."
Hilliard said Phillips will present her case at a later date.
Feinberg previously handled payments to victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the BP oil spill. The families, Hilliard said, told Feinberg of a circumstance that might warrant compensation above the standard formula.
The night of the crash, the identities of the heavily bruised and swollen girls were somehow mixed up. So Weigel's family was at Rademaker's side when she died while Rademaker's family waited for Weigel to come out of surgery. The mix-up was sorted out quickly, but not until it caused additional heartache for the families.
___
Forliti reported from Minneapolis.

New iPhones run into software  bending complaints...and
versions
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, while a widely circulated video showed the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to bending.
Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began distributing Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads.
The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock their phones with their fingerprint.
By midday Wednesday, Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to users "as quickly as we can." Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.
Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest phone models — the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It's not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.
Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing Wednesday with reports that the aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.
It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands — not from normal sitting.
Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent "breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include bending.
But SquareTrade Chief Marketing Officer Ty Shay said that after reports of bending circulated online, two staffers at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6 Plus phones: One staffer, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function normally.
Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," said Shay, "but it seems like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."
He suggested the bending is not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus, he added, "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the claims."
Apple did not comment on the reports of bending.

Firms which lost mines should have refusal right in auction  says ParakhFirms which lost mines should have refusal right in auction  says Parakh
Penalty provision a nasty punchPenalty provision a nasty punch
Metal stocks hit hardMetal stocks hit hard
Sasken Communication TechnologiesIDFC sees Tech Mah @ Rs 3200, rates KPIT Tech as outperform
Nov 21, 2014 at 13:33 | Source: CNBC-TV18
IDFC Securties' IT & Telecom Analyst, Hitesh Shah says Tech Mahindra's acquisition of Lightbridge Communications Corporation (LCC) will doube its addressable market in telecom space. He also likes Midcap IT company KPIT Tech.
Do not short Nifty today; buy Wipro, ICICI Bank: Sukhani
Nov 20, 2014 at 09:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
For Bank Nifty our stop loss was 17500, that it still holds so you hold on to your positions, says Sukhani.
Autos, banks, telecom: Experts decode Q2FY15 performance
Nov 18, 2014 at 15:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nischal Maheshwari, Head of Research, Edelweiss Securities is positive on Allahabad Bank and OBC from the banking pack and sees them performing well in the future.
Go long on Nifty today; buy Rel Comm, Tata Power: Sukhani
Nov 12, 2014 at 09:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Sukhani, bank Nifty yesterday crossed the threshold of 17500 and so the Nifty could make an attempt to go to 8400 plus. Therefore, the bias is on the long side, he adds.
Data tariffs may fall 20% with Reliance Jio's entry: Fitch
Nov 11, 2014 at 13:43 | Source: PTI
Fitch said Jio will focus largely on data and may have a limited impact on the incumbents' core voice business, given a weak "voice-over-LTE" technology ecosystem and lack of affordable 4G-compatible handsets in India.
Stocks in news: Infosys, Ranbaxy, L&T, Bharti, Fin Tech
Nov 07, 2014 at 08:36 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bharti Airtel | Infosys | Ranbaxy Labs | Sun Pharma | Hero Motocorp | Larsen and Toubro | Marico | Arvind | Jet Airways | ONGC | DLF | Financial Tech | JSW Steel | Axis Bank | MTNL | Edelweiss | Suzlon | Ashok Leyland | GSK Pharma | Canara Bank | Indian Bank | IRB Infrastructure and Karur Vysya Bank are stocks, which are in the news today.
Go long, buy intraday dips: Sukhani
Nov 05, 2014 at 09:08 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Although the run away move seen by the market is unlikely to continue, he advices investors to go long because the upside seems to be capped. One should buy on intraday dips but do not expect large moves.
Buy Sasken Comm; target of Rs 276: Firstcall Research
Oct 27, 2014 at 19:22 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Firstcall Research is bullish on Sasken Communication Technologies and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 276 in its October 25, 2014 research report.
Diwali 2013 to 2014: Stocks that saw bumper gains in a year
Oct 22, 2014 at 17:33 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The Nifty is up more than 25 percent, the Bank Nifty has gained more than 40 percent. The midcap and small cap space has outperformed key indices.
Sasken Comm consolidated Sep '14 total income from operations at Rs 108.16 crore
Oct 21, 2014 at 16:21 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sasken Communication Technologies has reported a consolidated total income from operations of Rs 108.16 crore and a net profit of Rs 92.14 crore for the quarter ended Sep '14
IDFC sees Tech Mah @ Rs 3200, rates KPIT Tech as outperform
Nov 21, 2014 at 13:33 | Source: CNBC-TV18
IDFC Securties' IT & Telecom Analyst, Hitesh Shah says Tech Mahindra's acquisition of Lightbridge Communications Corporation (LCC) will doube its addressable market in telecom space. He also likes Midcap IT company KPIT Tech.
Do not short Nifty today; buy Wipro, ICICI Bank: Sukhani
Nov 20, 2014 at 09:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
For Bank Nifty our stop loss was 17500, that it still holds so you hold on to your positions, says Sukhani.
Autos, banks, telecom: Experts decode Q2FY15 performance
Nov 18, 2014 at 15:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nischal Maheshwari, Head of Research, Edelweiss Securities is positive on Allahabad Bank and OBC from the banking pack and sees them performing well in the future.
Go long on Nifty today; buy Rel Comm, Tata Power: Sukhani
Nov 12, 2014 at 09:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Sukhani, bank Nifty yesterday crossed the threshold of 17500 and so the Nifty could make an attempt to go to 8400 plus. Therefore, the bias is on the long side, he adds.
Data tariffs may fall 20% with Reliance Jio's entry: Fitch
Nov 11, 2014 at 13:43 | Source: PTI
Fitch said Jio will focus largely on data and may have a limited impact on the incumbents' core voice business, given a weak "voice-over-LTE" technology ecosystem and lack of affordable 4G-compatible handsets in India.
Stocks in news: Infosys, Ranbaxy, L&T, Bharti, Fin Tech
Nov 07, 2014 at 08:36 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bharti Airtel | Infosys | Ranbaxy Labs | Sun Pharma | Hero Motocorp | Larsen and Toubro | Marico | Arvind | Jet Airways | ONGC | DLF | Financial Tech | JSW Steel | Axis Bank | MTNL | Edelweiss | Suzlon | Ashok Leyland | GSK Pharma | Canara Bank | Indian Bank | IRB Infrastructure and Karur Vysya Bank are stocks, which are in the news today.
Go long, buy intraday dips: Sukhani
Nov 05, 2014 at 09:08 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Although the run away move seen by the market is unlikely to continue, he advices investors to go long because the upside seems to be capped. One should buy on intraday dips but do not expect large moves.
Buy Sasken Comm; target of Rs 276: Firstcall Research
Oct 27, 2014 at 19:22 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Firstcall Research is bullish on Sasken Communication Technologies and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 276 in its October 25, 2014 research report.
Sasken Communication Technologies: Updates on outcome of AGM
Oct 20, 2014 at 17:03 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sasken Communication Technologies has submitted a copy of proceedings of the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 22, 2014.
Sasken Communication Technologies: Updates on outcome of AGM
Oct 20, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sasken Communication Technologies has submitted a copy of proceedings of the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 22, 2014.
Videos »

BlackBerry buys virtual sim start-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd05f440-39c5-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pot entrepreneurs seek funding at Chicago forumPot entrepreneurs seek funding at Chicago forum
Cannabis investors, entrepreneurs meet in Chicago
Investors and entrepreneurs met during an ArcView Group conference held at the Intercontinental Hotel in Chicago on Thursday to pitch ideas and attempt to generate funding for cannabis businesses.
Investors and entrepreneurs met during an ArcView Group conference held at the Intercontinental Hotel in Chicago on Thursday to pitch ideas and attempt to generate funding for cannabis businesses.
Pot entrepreneurs seek funding at Chicago “Shark Tank”-style event
Medical pot startups pitch investors for funds in Chicago
Garyn Angel had five minutes to make his pitch to five wealthy investors on why they should fund his marijuana startup.
"We have 133,000 Facebook followers," said Angel, president and CEO of Seattle-based Magical Butter, which sells cookware to make marijuana-infused butter, oils, sauces or lotions. "We're looking for $2 million to $3 million.''
A few questions later, and ding! — the businessman was out of time. He moved to a new table, with new funders, and started again.
Dozens of other entrepreneurs were "speed dating" too Thursday at the InterContinental Hotel, producing a low roar as they tried to speak over one another — and find the right table — to pitch their companies to investors. Later that day, 11 pre-selected startup owners were scheduled to pitch their cannabis business dreams to high-net-worth investors in a "Shark Tank"-style event.
Mother-daughter team discuss proposed medical pot business
Tanisha Patterson and her mother Glenda White, from St. Louis, Mo.,, talk about their plan for a medical marijuana business at the office space for a proposed dispensary in University Park on Sept. 12, 2014. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Tanisha Patterson and her mother Glenda White, from St. Louis, Mo.,, talk about their plan for a medical marijuana business at the office space for a proposed dispensary in University Park on Sept. 12, 2014. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
See more videos
As the medical marijuana industry grows nationally — Illinois' applications for growing and retail centers are due Monday — startup hopefuls are figuring out how they will finance a business that is legal locally, but illegal from a federal perspective. With few banks willing to work with them and investors still skeptical about investing in companies that directly sell or grow marijuana, entrepreneurs interested in the cannabis industry have some big hurdles to jump.
But a niche group of investors say the cannabis industry has huge potential. They say the risks of litigation and failure are dwindling as more and more states legalize the plant.
8
David Friedman, a Chicago investor who's setting up a hedge fund to invest in the industry, said he's comfortable with 20 percent of his portfolio consisting of businesses that work directly with the plant. He wants 80 percent of the portfolio to be ancillary businesses, enterprises such as those that make containers or help track the plants, because those types of enterprises are less risky.
Even so, Friedman said, "we're not going to put any money into anything that touches the plant until after the (Illinois business) licenses are awarded. Some of the investments are going to be a result of people's inability to get the capital, promising they'll have it and it doesn't come through. ... Once licenses are awarded, if you're sitting on capital, you can go in and take advantage."
Hundreds of companies competed for a coveted spot to pitch investors. For the 11 who were chosen in a competitive process, the odds are in their favor: Some 175 investors were planning to attend. All members of ArcView Investor Network, the event's host, have committed to investing $50,000 in cannabis businesses in the next 12 to 18 months, ArcView Investor Network CEO Troy Dayton said. ArcView has helped 24 startups raise $13 million in funding in the past year and a half, he said, with companies receiving anywhere from $50,000 to $2.2 million.
Leslie Bocskor, an investor at the event, is setting up a hedge fund that plans to invest "very actively." He's looking for a stellar team with previous successes in entrepreneurship, more than the idea itself.
"I personally like to look for the on-ball, something that's going to be a very big win, not a small business doing a couple million (in revenue) a year," Bocskor said. "I'm looking for the ambitious visionary."
And he's looking for a big return.
"I think that anybody who's being honest if you're investing in the cannabis industry, you're looking for very sizable returns," Bocskor said, who's looking for a return of 5 times to 10 times his initial investment in the first three to five years. He plans to always keep his stake at less than 5 percent, he said. "But every opportunity's going to be different."
0
Dayton said he started the company because he realized that business was "the most powerful platform for political change."
"A profitable legal cannabis industry — that would be the way to someday have a day where not a single adult is punished for this plant," Dayton said. "I set out to do whatever I needed to do to build a profitable and politically engaged industry."
Every week ArcView holds online webinars for companies to pitch their ideas. Based on these, a selection committee of venture capital firms, tech entrepreneurs turned angel investors and other big investors, whittle it to fewer than a dozen of the best who get to pitch their ideas at the conferences.
"If you want to be a player in this industry, now is the time to pick a horse," Dayton said to the crowd of 300 or so at the conference. "The deals are only going to more expensive."
Jeb Berman, founder of Nutrient Guru, was one of the lucky startup owners chosen to pitch his business, which sells a plant enhancer made from edible mushrooms and that he said can increase the marijuana yield by 30 percent.
"You don't have to be a gold miner," Berman said, referring to his plan to stick to the sidelines of the marijuana business. "You can sell the picks and shovels."
Lauren Fraser, who helps run Auntie Dolores ("dolores" means "pain" in Spanish, so this is a play on words to mean "anti-pain"), a cannabis edibles company, pitched at the last event in Denver. Her company was voted best pitch and has already raised half of the financing she was hoping for and should close on the remaining half soon, she said.
She and her team presented in front of a crowd of about 300 at that event about the company's "Medical Jane" foods: Products like savory pretzels, caramel corn, chili lime peanuts, glazed nuts, and, of course — brownies. The company uses coconut oil and sugar, she said, and infuses the marijuana into the butter. Each piece's dose is carefully measured and labeled; the smallest amount of the psychoactive component of marijuana her edibles have hovers around 50 milligrams, she said.
Auntie Dolores hopes to license its brand and recipes out to others in states that have legalized medical marijuana as part of the company's plan to grow significantly in the next few years, including in Illinois, she said. With the success of the company's first round of financing coming to a close, she said, she's looking for more opportunities with investors at Thursday's conference.
Morgan Paxhia, previously in wealth management, said at the event Thursday that he saw the industry turning a corner years ago and is on the lookout for investment opportunities. He launched a hedge fund in January that invests in the cannabis and hemp industries.
"The risks and opportunity dynamics were changing," Paxhia said. "It just seemed like this is one of those once-in-a-lifetime opportunities, a brand-new market."

Private equity interests killed Phones 4UPrivate equity, not the mobile, killed Phones 4U
By Jonathan Ford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8bfd2340-4169-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India over the moon after Mars successIndia over the moon after Mars satellite success
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4cbbe7b2-43ac-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lunch links: Federal judge decries corruption  abuse in L.A. County jailsBy Radley Balko September 24 Follow @radleybalko
Federal judge sentences six former L.A. County Sheriff workers to prison, cites “corrupt culture” and “us versus them mentality” in the jails.
Former DeKalb County, Georgia police officer alleges that cops there are given ticket and arrest quotas . This isn’t the first time that allegation has surfaced in the Atlanta area.
A web service will help you get the word out if the government kills or arrests you to prevent you from whistleblowing.

How Marketing Channels Are Like the Stages of a Relationshipreddit
Forget the marketing funnel for a second and think about this -- various marketing channels are like the stages of a dating relationship.
In today's digital environment how we communicate is changing crazy fast. But, at the core, marketers are simply telling stories that connect with people. It's not about the channels: It's about the people in those channels.
So how do you start that relationship? I've channeled my inner matchmaker and provided some tips for building a relationship with your audience that lasts. And don't worry. I left the emotional baggage from my recent breakup with "unnamed cable provider" out of this.
Banner ads: Hello, gorgeous!
Let's start at the top, 30,000-foot level. The banner ad. Did you know that you're more likely to survive a plane crash than click a banner ad? That's not just being in the plane crash, but SURVIVING it. So why do we still see them on practically every website we visit?
Because they actually work, just not in the way we traditionally think they should. Sure, people aren't clicking on them, but people are 155 percent more likely to search for that brand after being exposed to a display ad. For example, I love sweaters. So if I see an ad for a snappy cardigan sweater, there's a good chance I will go back and search for that brand when I'm bored on a Saturday morning after payday.
Banner ads are all about the first impression (and second, and third), not the conversion. They're wildly successful at increasing awareness of your brand. It's the equivalent of seeing that good looking guy or girl across the bar. You're attracted, and you want to know more about them, but in the end, it's still just a stranger.
Social channels: How do I get your number?
If banner ads are all about the impression, then social is about introducing yourself and starting the relationship. Your relationship with your audience on social is like this:
You just struck up a conversation with that attractive person at the bar. You're enjoying the conversation, and you're thinking about giving them your number. You're pretty sure this person is awesome, you want to get to know them a bit more, but you know it's way too early to think about getting serious.
Marketers are so hung up on how hard it is to measure ROI on social, but I'm not sure that's how we should be looking at it. Your audience often follows a brand on social media in an attempt to get to know them, with minimal commitments.
It's also important to remember that you're competing for attention in social media, and the odds are really stacked against you. You're not just competing with other brands for attention, but you're also competing with my family and friends and pictures of my friend's new puppy -- who is almost as adorable as my dog, Olive.
While you need to have realistic expectations about just how deep you'll be able to get with the people in your audience at this point in your relationship, it's certainly not hopeless. Reaching your audience with the right message in the right place will help them fall in love with your brand.
Email: Is this the one?
Social is the place to start the conversation, swap numbers and get to know one another. That makes email the next step. This is the sixth or seventh date, when you start to think about how maybe it might be nice to get married. If someone signs up for your emails, they're ready to take it to the next level, digitally speaking. So give them something that keeps them coming back, like special offers or discounts.
Marketers, I've said it before and I'll say it again, email delivers huge results . The average reported ROI is 4300%. And the funny thing is that a few years ago email was pronounced dead! Social media took off, and we thought that was the golden ticket in the marketing world. And if we heard that social was going to kill email, then we heard that mobile wasn't going to just kill it, but back up over it one or two times. Looking back, we might have blown things a bit out of proportion with both of these predictions.
It turns out mobile just gave email another place to shine. Email is now the number one activity on mobile devices, beating out making actual phone calls. Over half of all email is opened on a mobile device these days, so making sure your email is responsive and looks great on mobile is no longer optional. A few other suggestions: c ustomize the preheader text , design in a single column, incorporate more white space and use a large button for your call to action so a fingertip can tap it easily.
Make communicating easy on your audience, and remember that every member of your audience has an audience of their own, who also has an audience of their own. Learning what resonates with them helps everyone get the most out of the relationship. And, if you're really smart and really paying attention, you can empower your audience members to share the brand love with their friends and followers. It's the marketing version of happily ever after.
Follow Christopher Lester on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ChristophLester
More:

BANNED BOOKS WEEK: How school challenges to Bone and Neverwhere stoke a time for honest conversationBy Michael Cavna September 24 Follow @comicriffs
EDITOR’S NOTE: Last winter, Comic Riffs wrote an essay ( “The Trial Balloon” ) on educators tapping the power of graphic novels — a report that was partly inspired by the banning of certain comics in schools. So Comic Riffs especially applauds that this year, the American Library Association and other groups are putting a special focus on graphic novels for the current Banned Books Week.
– M.C.
 
Art by “Bone” creator Jeff Smith , who is on the board of the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund. (courtesy of CBLDF)
 
“Violence.”
“Unsuited to age group.”
Given all the formal complaints that Captain Underpants rates these days, you’d think that were the name of a character in “Fifty Shades of Grey.”
Instead, Dav Pilkey’s illustrated young-reader series by that title tops the list of most frequently challenged books in 2013, as reported by the American Library Association’s Office for Intellectual Freedom.
There we are, “right alongside ‘Fifty Shades of Grey,’ ” says Jeff Smith with a laugh, about his work and Pilkey’s. His wildly popular graphic-novel epic, “Bone,” cracked last year’s ALA list at No. 10 — over complaints that rang as widely far-fetched, Smith tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
Which is why Banned Books Week , running through Saturday, is such a welcome campaign. The effort is an annual call to arms and brains among the authors and educators, publishers and booksellers — with a stated emphasis this year on graphic novels and other comics. These seven days to spotlight challenges to book access help spark healthy dialogue and illuminate the state of America’s public shelves.
“Banned Books Week is about entering the conversation the right way,” Smith ( “RASL,” “Tuki” ), who headlined the Library of Congress/National Book Festival’s Graphic Novel Night last month, tells Comic Riffs.
In terms of challenged books, ” ‘Bone’ is discussed alongside ‘(The Adventures of) Huckleberry Finn’ and Kurt Vonnegut — all my heroes,” continues Smith, whose Eisner-winning fantasy-adventure work “Bone” has been challenged or pulled from school shelves in such states as Minnesota and Texas. (Twain and Toni Morrison, Steinbeck and J.D. Salinger have all made the ALA’s “most challenged” list in years past.)
“I love that ‘Bone’ is on the list,” says comics scholar and cartoonist Scott McCloud ( “Understanding Comics,” the forthcoming “The Sculptor” ), noting that it can reflect the respect with which such organizations as ALA treat graphic novels.
“The biggest boon that Banned Books Week provides is the discussion that is had with honesty and awareness,” Neil Gaiman ( “Sandman,” “The Graveyard Book” ), the Newbery- and Carnegie Medal-winning author, tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
“I get tired of when people say that no books are banned just because” you can get it elsewhere, continues Gaiman, whose “Neverwhere” was recently challenged in New Mexico schools. “Say you’re a kid in a school district [that banned a book] and there’s not a local Barnes & Noble and you don’t have 20 or 50 bucks in disposable income. …
“That book is gone. It was there and now it’s not. The fact you can buy it on Amazon doesn’t make that any less bad.”
“It’s hard to believe that books are still being banned in 2014, but unfortunately they are, and the pace is not relenting,” Charles Brownstein, executive director of the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund, tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
Brownstein, who will speak tonight in Berkeley, Calif., as part of a tour of CBLDF events tied to Banned Books Week, highlights the change concerning visual narratives.
“Comics and graphic novels are seeing an increasing amount of challenges,” says Brownstein, whose Bay Area talk tonight will be titled “Censorship and Comics in America.” Besides such young-reader favorites as “Captain Underpants” and “Bone,” he notes that Marjane Satrapi’s brilliant “Persepolis” was “the target of an attempted ban in the Chicago public schools.” And that “Fun Home,” the graphic memoir by newly minted MacArthur “genius” grant recipient Alison Bechdel, was “the target of a university funding challenge in South Carolina, where it was assigned as a voluntary reading lesson for incoming freshmen.”
[ALISON BECHDEL: With MacArthur grant, graphic memoirist 'thrilled' to break more ground ]
So for Banned Books Week,” Brownstein says, “This year’s focus on comics and graphic novels shines a national spotlight on the steady increase of challenges to comics.” But that prompts the question: Why are comics so frequently challenged in schools and “attacked,” as some say, by cultural critics?
“They’re uniquely vulnerable to challenges because of the medium’s visual nature and because comics still carry a stigma of being low-value speech,” Brownstein says. “Some challenges are brought against comics because a single page or panel can be taken out of context, while others come under attack because of the mistaken notion that all comics are for children.”
1 of 14

NYPD is investigating video of officers wrestling a pregnant woman to the groundBy Abby Phillip September 24 Follow @abbydphillip
Video that shows New York City Police officers wrestling a pregnant woman to the ground and handcuffing her — belly down — in Brooklyn has prompted an internal affairs investigation.
The incident, which happened sometime after 2 a.m. Sunday in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, was recorded on phone camera by a bystander.
Police officers were arresting 17-year-old Jhohan Lemos for allegedly possessing a knife when his mother, Sandra Amezquita, tried to intervene. In the video, police can be seen wrestling with Amezquita, who is visibly pregnant, until she is lying on her stomach in the street. One officer straddles her as he handcuffs her behind her back.
“No … she’s pregnant,” someone says on the recording.
Moments later, when a second woman appears to approach the police and the now-detained Amezquita, an officer violently pushes her away. That woman, who is unidentified, falls and rolls into the middle of the street. “She broke her arm!” a bystander can be heard yelling.
El Grito de Sunset Park, a neighborhood group that monitors police brutality, released the phone video on Tuesday.
“Her belly is now with black-and-blue bruises,” El Grito de Sunset Park’s Dennis Flores said, according to WABC . “She’s bleeding and she’s having complications.”
“The matter is being investigated by the internal affairs bureau,” Lee Jones, a police spokesman, said on Wednesday.
Post by El Grito De Sunset Park .
Amezquita’s husband, Ronal Lemos, tried to intervene on his wife’s behalf.
“The first thing I thought was they killed my baby and they’re going to kill my wife,” Lemos, 50, told the New York Daily News .
CBS New York reported that the woman said she is still in pain, but that her unborn baby is alive.
The watchdog group said that Lemos, the 17-year-old, had been arrested previously for robbery.
Police say they saw Lemos with a clip on his pants pocket that indicated he might have a knife, and they stopped him for questioning, according to law enforcement sources cited by the New York Post .
Lemos tried to run away and officers chased him to an area in front of a bar where his parents and other family members were eating.
Lemos, according to CBS New York, claimed that he was being set up and that officers put the knife in his pocket.
Police charged Jhohan Lemos with criminal possession of a weapon, resisting arrest and harassment. Ronal Lemos was charged with assault on a police officer, resisting arrest, harassment and obstructing governmental administration, and Sandra Amezquita was given a disorderly conduct summons, according to the New York Post.
Last week, another violent encounter involving officers from the same precinct was caught on tape just blocks away from where this latest incident.
An officer was recorded kicking a street vendor in the midst of an arrest in Sunset Park. The department’s internal affairs division has launched an investigation into that incident, and the officer involved has been suspended.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Meet the man who just survived a grizzly bear attack: I didnt have time to be afraidBefore the attack. (Courtesy of Kenneth Wells)
On Saturday night, Kenneth Wells was sitting around a campfire in Wyoming, complaining.
He was hunting in the Shoshone National Forest , but the trip had been a bit of a dud. For three days straight, he’d returned to camp empty-handed.
“I said, ‘I haven’t see anything, and I sure would like to see something,’” Wells recalled Wednesday.
Be careful what you wish for.
Wells, 54, is now recovering from puncture wounds, suffered when he was bitten by a grizzly bear the day after his campfire kvetching.
“I’m still in shock,” Wells said in a telephone interview. “I still can’t believe that it actually happened. And it’ll take a couple weeks before I’m healed up, I think, and I’m going to have a scar. But other than that, it’s over.”
Wells and his younger brother, Mark, were bow-hunting Sunday, in an area southeast of Yellowstone National Park, when the pair heard a “woof” sound. Then they heard the noise again.
Mark stood up.
Kenneth reached for his bow.
A grizzly bear roams in Yellowstone National Park. (Jim Urquhart/Associated Press file)
Mark looked at a female grizzly and her two cubs, then called out “IT’S A BEAR” as he backed up. Even with the warning, even as his brother retreated — Kenneth stood up to get a look.
“I wanted to see a bear,” Kenneth said. “And I never in my wildest dreams — even though the sound had been so close, and my brother had already backpedaled past me — I just didn’t process that it was going to be this close.”
Seconds later, the bear was on top of Kenneth, biting down on his ribs.
( Click here to see  what his wounds look like , in case you were wondering. Admit the fact that you were wondering.)
He remembers the pressure, and the burning pain, and the bear’s dark eyes locking onto him.
He doesn’t remember the sounds of the bear’s growls. He doesn’t remember what he screamed, either, which we figured was probably for the best, because this is a family
newspaper
multiplatform media company, after all.
The entire episode lasted less than a minute.
“I didn’t have time to be afraid,” he said. “And I didn’t feel fear until probably 10 minutes after it was over, when we’re gathering up our stuff, grabbing our packs, and getting on the trail to hike back to camp.
“When the adrenaline started to wear off, that’s when I noticed I started to feel afraid for the first time.”
The attack occurred on the same day that a Rutgers University student was killed by a black bear during a hike in New Jersey.
Wells is a pilot for Southwest Airlines, and in that business, there’s always a lot of talk about the little things that go wrong before an accident, he said. But he survived because of the little things that went right.
Wells said he’s alive because he and his brother were carrying bear spray , which Mark, an optometrist, used as soon as the attack began. He’s alive because the brothers are experienced hunters and were cognizant of their surroundings. He’s a former Boy Scout, and he’s spent years reading outdoor magazines and that has to have helped, right?
“I still can’t believe it, when I relive it in my mind,” he said. “When I close my eyes, I can see the bear, and I can feel myself go through the motions again. I’m wondering how long it will take before that memory fades.
“Maybe not for a long time. But it happened so fast. I can’t believe that it happened that fast.”
After Mark hit the animal with bear spray, the brothers picked up their stuff and left, Wells said. They hiked more than a mile back to camp, then another 3 1/2 miles to the trailhead. They drove about 45 minutes to nearby Dubois, but the town clinic was closed. That’s when Wells called 911. Seven hours after the attack, he was finally in an ambulance, en route to the emergency room in nearby Lander.
There, he said, he received antibiotics, a tetanus shot and two rabies shots. His wounds were also cleaned, although the largest puncture wound was left open by doctors, who, he said, were afraid sutures might lead to a secondary infection.
X-rays showed no internal damage, though he was kept in the hospital for observation. Among his more immediate regrets: He couldn’t head back to the forest to break down camp with his brother.
“I think it’s like riding a bike,” Wells said. “It’s not going to keep me out of the woods forever. I’ll go back again. Maybe not right now. Next year, I’ll go back.”
The attack occurred not far from where a man doing U.S. Forest Service research was killed by a bear about a week earlier, Reuters reported .
Wells said he didn’t cry until he called his wife from that emergency room, hours after the attack.
“It’s just one of those things you don’t think it can happen to you,” he said. “And now I have the rest of my life to process what I’m going to do with a second chance.”
The Wells men at the beginning of the hunting trip, before the grizzly encounter. From left, brothers Mark Wells, Kevin Wells and Kenneth Wells (in camouflage) and their father, Jack. (Courtesy of Kenneth Wells)
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Euros death crossEuro’s ‘death cross’ need not spell doom
By Jamie Chisholm
The dollar’s bullish run may be looking stretched
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d7ac60c-283f-11e4-9ea9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Euro feeling the weight of investor gloomEuro feeling the weight of investor gloom
By Jamie Chisholm
Talk of Europe’s ‘Japanification’ abounds as disinflation grips
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/053fcdd0-22bf-11e4-8dae-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Euro hits nine-month low versus dollar© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9985af70-1d36-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Watching a tattoo needle in slow motion reveals the physics of getting inkedBy Rachel Feltman September 24 Follow @rachelfeltman
If you've never gotten a tattoo, you might think that a tattoo needle works by "injecting" ink under the skin. That's sort of true, but close-up and slowed-down footage of the process reveals some nuance.
Popular YouTube channel Smarter Every Day  gives a tattoo machine its close-up in the video above (the slow-mo action starts at 3:10). As you can see, the machine actually has many-pointed needles -- and they're not the same ones you see in the doctor's office.
As Kyle Hill writes on Nerdist, the fluid mechanics that make a tattoo gun work are pretty spectacular: Artists aren't simply injecting ink from some chamber in the machine into your skin. They dip the needles into pots of ink, the same way another artist would dip a brush. (In fact, you can watch Smarter Every Day host Destin get an ink-free needle jab in the video)
The ink is actually held between the needles. After those needles puncture your skin (just the upper layer, if your tattoo artist knows their stuff -- going beneath the fat will cause your tattoo to blur), the ink held between the needles is drawn down. From Nerdist :
Once there are hundreds of tiny holes leading down to your dermis — the layer of skin between the epidermis (outer layer) and subcutaneous tissues — the ink between the needles is drawn into them by capillary action. In short, the surface tension and forces holding the ink together encourages the ink to seep into the holes left by the needles.
As someone who's spent about 11 hours total on the receiving end of a tattoo machine, I can tell you that it's pretty cool to watch -- even without being an inch away from the needles.
You can learn more about tattooing (placement, process, and even different styles) by checking out this interactive . And for some basics on what you should know before getting your first tattoo, watch the video below.
Paul Roe, owner of Britishink Tattoo, tells us what you should know before you get inked. From the type of pigment to the equipment your artist uses, Roe, these are the steps of tattooing. (Ben Dorger/The Washington Post)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Star Trek  originalism  and lawBy Will Baude September 24
Mike Rappaport discusses a classic Star Trek episode, Omega Glory:
That is the one where Kirk goes to a planet and instructs the Yangs about their document, “The Constitution of the United States.” The Yangs – through centuries of decline – cannot even read the document properly and do not understand its meaning. Kirk corrects them. For many originalists, Omega Glory is a metaphorical tale of how the Supreme Court and the modern legal culture have misunderstood the Constitution.
( Here, by the way, is Kirk’s big speech .)
In the rest of his post, Mike is responding to these earlier comments by Chris McGlothlin and the responses seem spot-on to me. But I thought I’d mention that this particular episode has made several appearances in originalist scholarship, and is particularly relevant to the “positive turn” in originalism I discussed yesterday.
In Captain James T. Kirk and the Enterprise of Constitutional Interpretation , Michael Stokes Paulsen writes:
We are, of course, the Yangs. True, our Constitution has not been forcibly buried away for hundreds of years by a nuclear holocaust. But it has been lost to the People, rendered very nearly unintelligible by the high priests who have assumed (and whom we have allowed to assume) the responsibility for interpreting it. The Supreme Court’s present style of constitutional discourse is the practical equivalent, so far as the mass of the People is concerned, of the Yangs’ inarticulate grunts. The Court speaks in terms of multi-part tests and tiers of scrutiny, language that corrupts the plain-spoken words of a document intended to be accessible to all, and to belong to all, by adding a [veneer] of pseudo-sophisticated legalese. This corruption serves to distance the people from their Constitution by rendering it inaccessible to common understanding. Simultaneously, it removes the Constitution from the People’s view and from their control. Thus corrupted, the words of the Constitution, our fundamental charter of rights and of government, have become the exclusive province of an elite cabal of high priests.
Paulsen intends this as an argument for originalism, and I used to think it was a very powerful one. But I’ve now come to think that this passage is more of a problem for originalism than a defense of it. Here’s what I say in response to Paulsen in the current draft of Is Originalism The Law? (coming eventually):
But if that is true—if it is really lost—then conceptual or textual arguments are not good enough to recover it. It is possible that we today use the document in a way that is contrary to what it says, and if we do in a sufficiently widespread and settled way, then that new understanding is the one that is the law. And if that new understanding is the law, then the old Constitution’s claims about how to interpret itself are beside the point, just like the Articles of Confederation’s instruction that it “shall be inviolably observed.” … So for the conceptual defenses of originalism to succeed, they need additional premises about the law of the United States today—that the original meaning of the Constitution itself remains the law of the land.
I am ultimately optimistic about whether that can be shown, but I do think that some of the work has yet to be done.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Infosys  CEO allows staff to use Twitter  FacebookHaemorrhaging talent, Infosys' new CEO allows staff to use Twitter, Facebook
Reuters –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014 2:44 AM IST
Print
By Nivedita Bhattacharjee
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Infosys Ltd's new CEO has come up with a novel approach to reviving the financial fortunes of India's trailblazing outsourcing firm: use Facebook at work, tweet, but get the job done.
Infosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours and sometimes fining employees for not wearing ties on specific days. Such cheerless self-regard could not have come at a more challenging time, analysts say.
In the last few years, the former bellwether of India's outsourcing industry has lagged rivals in winning contracts from the West, torn between chasing high-margin projects and low-margin bread-and-butter IT deals.
To be sure, Infosys has been ploughing into new technologies such as cloud computing and smartphone app development to help return the firm to the forefront of the IT sector. But Vishal Sikka, the company's first CEO who is not a co-founder or a legacy employee, is setting his sights on employees first.
"These changes might not look big or material, but he's trying to tell people this is a start, bigger things are on their way," said Shreya Bajaj, a Bangalore-based head hunter who helps IT companies recruit senior level executives.
As the company's fortunes decline, attrition rates have increased, employee morale flagged and members of top management headed for the exits.
To retain talent, Sikka hopes to create a more employee-friendly workplace. Come October, the company's 160,000 employees will be gradually allowed to tweet from their personal devices at work.
Human resources are vital to India's $108 billion outsourcing sector. The bulk of IT engineers work to remotely manage clients' technology networks, provide business solutions and help write and service software that run their business.
While IT companies hire hundreds of graduates every year, it takes time for a new employee to settle into a project. Very high attrition could also force IT firms to constantly redeploy workers from project to project, potentially unsettling clients.
Infosys declined to comment for this story, saying it is in a "quiet period" ahead of its interim earnings announcement on Oct. 10.
The Bangalore-headquartered firm is likely to post a 21 percent rise in net profit in the quarter ended September as a global economic recovery helps bolster tech spending, according to a survey by Thomson Reuters.
TEAM LUNCHES
Besides being given easier access to social networking sites such as Facebook, employees at Infosys are treated to team lunches and they also get frequent mails from their CEO, said 15 current and former Infosys employees interviewed by Reuters.
Infosys employees are also being solicited for new business ideas and are seeing location transfer requests go through more smoothly than before, they said, declining to be identified as they are not allowed to talk to the media.
The annualised attrition rate at Infosys stood at 19.5 percent at the end of June, a record for the company, and higher than that of its rivals Tata Consultancy Services Ltd and Wipro Ltd. A rate of 12-15 percent is seen as normal in this industry.
IT services companies traditionally see higher attrition among employees who have been around for three to six years. Since most of the firms are built on identical business models, it is easy for young workers to hop between companies for projects, promotions or salary hikes.
"Employees can be replaced, but they have to understand the project, know the client and be comfortable with the team and boss. That takes time," said R.K. Gupta, managing director of Taurus Asset Management, which owns Infosys shares.
Senior executives at Infosys said there was a push towards a more open culture, investing in personnel and getting managers closer to the ground.
"We must create an environment of empowerment, mutual support and trust," Sikka, a former senior executive at German software giant SAP AG, wrote in an email this month to employees seen by Reuters.
While some employees thought these symbolic changes were signs of good times to come, others are waiting for structural changes at the company.
"What will actually make a difference is pay hikes and better results. Access to Facebook and a dress code were never a concern when the company was doing well," said a former board member, who declined to be named.
(Editing by Ryan Woo)

Verdict leaves banks worriedVerdict leaves banks worried
Ongoing tax dispute a secondary challenge  says Vodafone s ColaoOngoing tax dispute a secondary challenge  says Vodafone s Colao
BlackBerry stakes out business customerBlackBerry stakes out business customer
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a241cbd4-11c5-11e4-a17a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BlackBerry in talks to rival Apple-IBM tieBlackBerry looks to partnerships to compete with Apple and IBM venture
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0da6dfe6-1265-11e4-93a5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former ambassador to India to lead U.S. Ebola effort in AfricaFormer ambassador to India to lead U.S. Ebola effort in Africa
http://usat.ly/1xiRVc2Leaders at U.N.: Ukraine conflict threatens world order
Indonesia's president says major powers should work together to address the issue.
Post to Facebook
Leaders at U.N.: Ukraine conflict threatens world order Indonesia's president says major powers should work together to address the issue. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pdA2mR
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
45
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Leaders at U.N.: Ukraine conflict threatens world order
Oren Dorell , USA TODAY 10:28 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono speaks during the 69th session of the U.N. General Assembly on Sept. 24.
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
504 CONNECT 141 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 45 COMMENTEMAILMORE
UNITED NATIONS – Russia's annexation of Ukrainian territory and its  support of separatist fighters confronting government forces in eastern Ukraine threaten to revive the Cold War and destroy a world order based on rule of law, world leaders said Wednesday.
Speaking on the opening day of the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly, Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said the conflict in Ukraine "has now shaken relations between Russia and the United States," so "we are concerned that the old Cold War will return."
"This benefits no one," Yudhoyono said. The major powers have the responsibility to work together to solve major problems, but "it is not enough just to call for peaceful co-existence. That is so 20th century."
In March, Russia annexed Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula, which has a large ethnic Russian population. Ukraine and the United States have accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of backing pro-Russian separatists fighting in eastern Ukraine with troops and weapons – a charge Putin denies. A fragile cease-fire is in place, and Ukraine has granted greater autonomy for the restive eastern region to preserve the peace.
President Obama also spoke of the Ukrainian conflict, though he devoted more time  to the threat of Islamic terrorists in Iraq and Syria, targets of U.S. bombing raids in both countries.
When Russia annexed Ukrainian territory and "poured arms into eastern Ukraine, fueling violent separatists and a conflict that has killed thousands," Obama said, it advanced "a vision of the world in which might makes right."
Ukrainian servicemen drive a military vehicle  near the eastern city of Artyomovsk in the Donetsk area  Sept. 24.
(Photo: Konstantin Grishin, epa)
NATO allies will "impose costs on Russia for aggression and counter falsehoods with the truth," Obama said. "We call upon others to join us on the right side of history."
Russia's actions in Ukraine have violated the U.N. founding charter of 1945, which set rules to prevent another world war, and the Paris Charter of 1990, which ended the Cold War, said Toomas Hendrik Ilves, president of Estonia, one of three small former Soviet republics that are NATO's newest members.
Those charters prohibited member states from violating each other's territorial integrity and rights to determine their own security and economic paths. Russia is doing all those things in the name of protecting ethnic Russians abroad, Ilves said. Such arguments are reminiscent of Nazi Germany in 1938, "where the existence of co-ethnics abroad has been used as justification to annex territory," he said.
Russia's aggression turned on Estonia Sept. 5, when an Estonian border guard was taken by Russian agents to Moscow where he has been imprisoned. Russia claims the agent was detained on Russian territory.
"We need to reaffirm the values the United Nations was created to protect," Ilves said. "We cannot divide Europe into spheres of influence. We must protect Europe's smallest nations or else no one in Europe is secure."
Finnish President Sauli Niinistö said the threat extends beyond issues of national security and beyond Europe because Russia has undermined the rules and the United Nations' approach to solving problems through negotiations.
"A rules-based international system is a precondition of international security," Niinistö said. "If we cease to protect this system, it will cease to protect us. The dismantling of international order would result in chaos."
Ukraine's Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk, speaking almost last Wednesday night, reminded an almost empty hall that when Ukraine abandoned the nuclear arsenal 20 years ago, it received promises that its territorial integrity would be respected.
But in 2014, "instead of security guarantees we got Russian boats on our coasts," Yatsenyuk said.
Ukraine needs the United Nations' support to apply diplomatic, financial and if necessary military pressure on Russia to comply with all 12 points in the recent peace deal it brokered earlier this month, Yatsenyuk said.
Russian troops remain on Ukrainian soil, but Ukraine will continue to push for control of all its territory including Crimea, he said.
Yatsenyuk closed with a message for the Russian leader: "Mr. Putin you can win the fight against the troops but you will never win the fight against the nation, the united Ukrainian nation."
504 CONNECT 141 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 45 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1pdA2mR

Obamas latte salute draws criticism from service members  conservativesBy Dan Lamothe September 24 Follow @danlamothe
Some are criticizing the president for a video posted by the White House that shows him saluting two marines with a hand holding a cup. PostTV slowed down the video to capture the president's gesture. (Instagram/whitehouse)
Sixteen months ago, President Obama came under fire from critics after he asked Marines at the White House to hold umbrellas for him and then-Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan during an outdoor news conference in which it rained.
The decision spawned outrage, with some questioning why Obama would do so despite a uniform regulation that says male Marines in uniform should not use umbrellas. “Umbrella-gate” was born, bringing with it a hashtag — #umbrellagate — and an emotional conversation about whether the president was disrespecting rank-and-file service members.
hard to put towords all the reasons I hate Obama, but this pic is perfect symbolism for it. #obama #umbrellagate pic.twitter.com/BPgQG3NWaY
— Jacknife84 (@jacknife84) May 17, 2013
The controversy was recalled Tuesday as Obama found himself in a new controversy after the White House released a brief video on its Instagram account of the president departing the Marine One helicopter in New York. Obama salutes the Marines as he steps off the aircraft — but has a coffee cup in his right hand as he salutes with it. It was quickly dubbed the “latte salute.”
The move came shortly after Obama announced on Tuesday that the United States and five Arab partners had launched a series of airstrikes in Syria . The reaction was swift and vitriolic from some corners, many of which criticize the president frequently.
“I mean, please, how disrespectful was that?” said Republican strategist Karl Rove on Fox News.
“Obama’s Disrespectful ‘Latte Salute’ Shocks and Offends,” said a headline on the conservative Web site Breitbart . It also prompted the creation of the satirical Twitter account @ObamasLatte :
Man, I’m really getting a latte attention tonight. #LatteSalute — Latte-in-chief (@ObamasLatte) September 24, 2014
Reaction from veterans and service members has been mixed. Brian Jones, a recent Marine Corps veteran, wrote on the military-themed Web site Task and Purpose that the “ presidential salute isn’t a real thing .” From his post:
So now thousands of people got their jimmies rustled because the busiest and most important man in the world forgot to switch his pumpkin-spice latte from his right hand in following an imaginary protocol on his way to address the United Nations about a war he just entered. I can’t imagine what possibly could have been on his mind.
This isn’t the first time Obama has botched the salute. Last year, the president boarded Marine One without saluting the Marine by the door. Realizing his mistake, he quickly debarked and shook the young corporal’s hand, telling him, I assume, how profoundly sorry he was for offending him. For the past six years, the Obama administration has been plagued by accusations of being everything from treasonous to unpatriotic and distant from the military community. It’s a largely partisan critique of a liberal president, and Obama’s critics have often bent history to pretend his predecessors behaved differently and that the president has failed to meet some sort of standard.
Fred Wellman, a retired Army veteran, also criticized the reaction, saying it was “ridiculous.” He added that so was defending Obama by pointing out that President George W. Bush also was photographed giving an awkward salute .
As ridiculous as getting upset about Obama’s salute today is dredging up photos of Bush to compare. He had a brain fart. It happens. Move on
— Fred Wellman (@FPWellman) September 24, 2014
Paul Rieckoff, an Army veteran and founder of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of American organization, had a more concise reaction to the controversy: “Dumb.”
Dumb. RT @GPIngersoll : Another salute heard round the world. http://t.co/CzHc0Gud4d pic.twitter.com/zocnNUTNXq
— Paul (PJ) Rieckhoff (@PaulRieckhoff) September 24, 2014
But J.R. Salzman, a wounded Iraq War veteran, thinks the criticism is warranted, however — and that civilians who dismiss it don’t get it.
I had to salute with a prosthetic arm, yet Obama cant even put down his damn latte? Come on. — J.R. Salzman (@jrsalzman) September 23, 2014
A lot of people fail to understand a proper salute isn’t just a matter of procedure. Its also a matter of respect, a military value. — J.R. Salzman (@jrsalzman) September 24, 2014
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Natural gas gains on chilly long-term forecastNatural gas gains on chilly long-term forecast
Give first right of refusal to affected companies  says former coal secretary ParakhGive first right of refusal to affected companies  says former coal secretary Parakh
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia cheered by Wall St rebound  dollar resumes advanceGLOBAL MARKETS-Asia cheered by Wall St rebound  dollar resumes advance
Vietnam eyes US arms sales  downplays China impactVietnam eyes US arms sales  downplays China impact
Why four blocks were let off by SCWhy four blocks were let off by SC
NY Times  Shonda Rhimes Scandal Gets Worse And Worse— Kristen Hare (@kristenhare) September 22, 2014
At least three @nytimes editors saw Alessandra Stanley's "Angry Black Woman" piece and offered no objections. This is a PROBLEM.
— Nikole Hannah-Jones (@nhannahjones) September 22, 2014
Then, Stanley—last seen offering a very brief defense of her work to BuzzFeed—got in touch. Here's how she put things:
In the review, I referenced a painful and insidious stereotype solely in order to praise Ms. Rhimes and her shows for traveling so far from it. If making that connection between the two offended people, I feel bad about that.
[...]
I didn’t think Times readers would take the opening sentence literally because I so often write arch, provocative ledes that are then undercut or mitigated by the paragraphs that follow.
That didn't help either:
It is clear that Alessandra Stanley doesn't regret a thing, and remains insistent that it is us who have it wrong. http://t.co/XVYiWRgvsq
— Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) September 22, 2014
In the many instances of Alessandra Stanley not getting it, this is the one where she most does not get it: http://t.co/VELFcT5F9C
— Alan Sepinwall (@sepinwall) September 22, 2014
Oh, and for good measure, Sullivan also noted that, out of twenty culture critics who work for the Times, "not one is black and only one is a person of color."
The Times has probably seen better days. As New Yorker critic Emily Nussbaum put it:
Somebody could really use Olivia Pope right now.

The stand-out moment from the CSK-Dolphins game5th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
9 hours ago
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
14 hours ago
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
17 hours ago
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

Authors to call for Amazon inquiryAuthors to call for Amazon antitrust inquiry
By Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/04ee8ebc-43f2-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Strong demand for Rocket Internets IPORocket Internet puts the case for share price lift off
By Chris Bryant in Frankfurt, Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Sally Davies in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e4a59384-43de-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Floods wreak havoc  kill 43 in northeastView Photo
Onlookers stand near a broken bridge which was swept away by flood waters at Goalpara …
GUWAHATI India (Reuters) - At least 43 people have died and many are missing in floods and landslides caused by heavy rains that lashed India's remote northeast, officials said on Wednesday, in the second flood tragedy to strike the subcontinent this month.
Officials in the mountainous state of Meghalaya said at least 25 people had been drowned or died in landslides, with 24 more reported missing in the Garo Hills district of the state.
"The death toll could further rise, as more news starts coming from the submerged villages," said Pravin Bakshi, deputy commissioner of the West Garo Hills district.
Villages were still inundated, even though water levels had receded in most of the affected areas, Bakshi added.
The damage caused by floods and landslides is "unprecedented", said Mukul Sangma, chief minister of Meghalaya, after making an aerial survey of the flood-hit areas.
In the tea- and oil-rich state of Assam, rescue workers pulled 12 more dead bodies from the flood waters, taking to 18 the death toll since Monday.
Power supply disruptions prevailed in most parts of Guwahati, the region's biggest city, adding to the woes of people wading through waterlogged homes.
Thousands of people in the affected areas, which are in western Assam, complained of an inadequate supply of relief materials and drinking water.
Operations at tea plantations and oil wells, which are concentrated in the eastern part of the state, have been unaffected by the floods.
Earlier this month, at least 460 people died in flooding in Indian-controlled Kashmir and neighboring Pakistan.
(Reporting by Biswajyoti Das; Writing by Malini Menon; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Recommend

Sikka at helm: Infy to double investment in ...CEO
(Over the last three years Finacle has…)
BANGALORE: Vishal Sikka's drive to put innovation at the core of Infosys culture to offer new products and solutions is underlined by the CEO promising to double company's investment in its core banking product, Finacle, which until late last year was being considered to be sold-off.
With Sikka at the helm, Infosys has shelved plans to explore selling off its banking product Finacle, as the Board of Infosys until late last year wanted to spin off Finacle and then look out for a buyer, two executives directly familiar with the development told ET. "The proposal was brought before the board in October last year," one person directly familiar with Board told ET, adding that it was subsequently shelved because company's transition process started. "The thinking was to spin it off as a subsidiary and then evaluate firms which could take it," said the second executive directly familiar with the process.
An Infosys spokeswoman declined to comment.
Although Infosys does not share revenues generated from its core banking product, over the last three years Finacle has seen revenues dip from $314 million in 2012 to $297 million by the end of March 2014, estimates advisory firm Nelson Hall. This was mainly on account of poor demand from banks to invest in next generation core banking solutions and company's inability to tap into the large US market, said one former Infosys executive.
For now, Infosys clubs revenues from Finacle along with its clients from the banking, financial services and insurance space, which accounts for a little over 33.5% of company's $8.25 billion revenues.
Last week, Sikka told industry participants at an Infosys customer event in Berlin that among other things, he plans to double investments in Finacle, without sharing details. Some experts, including Rachael Stormonth, senior vice president at Nelson Hall, believe that Infosys may look at expanding Finacle brand to include insurance, something which Mumbai-based TCS has done with its core banking product BaNCS.
"Sikka did say he will double his investment in Finacle," said Stormonth, adding that the investment could include adding functionalities around its "mobile banking and wealth management". "He also implied a greater push to cross-sell Finacle into Infosys' existing banking client base". To be sure, core banking solutions market is believed to be northwards of $20 billion opportunity, according to company executives.
For now, Infosys has been successful in selling Finacle to 170 banks in emerging markets, including Asia Pacific, Middle East and Latin America , and has built customer base in Ireland , the Netherlands and the UK. These geographies account for about over 90% of Finacle's revenues while US accounts for remaining 8-9%, according to an executive at banking financial and services space at Infosys. Experts at Forrester and Nelson Hall believe that Sikka could help expand Finacle's reach in the US as there is "pent-up demand" for replacement of core banking systems from both large and small banks.
"Finacle is also one of a small group of solutions that offer more than basic social media support," said Frederic Giron, VP and Research Director, Forrester Research.
"While the key differentiators of Finacle's application architecture were slightly diluted in the past, the banking platform has returned to its old strength and offers flexibility regarding, for example, business process design....[T]he change in Infosys' executive leadership has the potential to increase Finacle's relevance within Infosys beyond its current status".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coalgate verdict: Worst fears for power cos ...Citigroup
(While industry experts…)
MUMBAI: For over a year, promoters and executives of power companies and their lenders had sleepless nights, wondering what the Supreme Court would decide about coal blocks allotted to them.
On Wednesday, their worst fears came true when the apex court cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993. While industry experts lauded the verdict as a precursor to coal sector reforms, the nightmare for the power companies isn't over yet.
"We are relieved that the uncertainty is over. But now where do plants attached to these mines get coal from? What happens to the expenses already incurred? The government needs to give clarity on the modus operandi," said Sushil Maroo, a director of Essar Energy and CEO of Essar Power . The company stands to lose three coal blocks.
Companies had expected the court to take a more lenient view on the 40 coal mines that had started operations and not cancel them. Instead, the court gave companies with operational mines six months to transfer their assets to the government.
"This move will have an extremely negative impact on power, steel and cement companies as an issue that is almost 21 years old is being addressed now and a lot of investments have gone into these blocks, which will now get impacted. Most companies will have no option but to bid in the new round of auctions as one cannot only depend on imported coal," said Issac George, Group Chief Financial Officer at GVK Power & Infrastructure, which had been allotted two blocks.
The power sector has already investedRs 2,86,677 crore toward exploration, mining and end-use projects, equivalent to almost 3% of the GDP.
Coal-based projects represent about 59% of India's total installed power generation capacity. Apart from the cancellation, operational mines will have to pay a penalty of Rs 295 for every tonne of coal extracted since they started.
This will aggravate the finances of power companies, which are already grappling with stretched balance sheets.
"The penalties imposed by the Supreme Court are very exacting and will take a big toll on the finances of some of these companies. How will the companies cough up this kind of cash without seriously compromising their cash flows or indebting themselves further?" George of GVK asked.
According to Citigroup , the other grey area is how production and sale of coal will be affected when Coal India takes over these mines. "Will Coal India be able to produce in the same quantity, and how will sale of that coal happen? Will JSPL get the requisite coal even after Coal India starts operating its mines?"
In 2013-14, Coal India produced 462 million tonnes of coal, missing the target of 482 million tonnes. The coal ministry anticipates that local supplies will fall as much as 185 million tonnes short of the country's projected demand of 950 million tonnes in 2016-17. The gap could widen if the cancelled mines don't produce the projected volumes of coal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government defers revision of gas prices to ...Government defers revision of gas prices to November 15
ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 05.45AM IST
Tags:
Cabinet Committee on Economic Affair
(Oil minister Dharmendra…)
NEW DELHI: Political considerations made their presence felt as the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs deferred its decision on revising gas prices, expected October-end, to November 15. As a result, the fuel will still be sold at $4.20 per unit in the poll-bound Haryana and Maharashtra. "The government does not want to give an issue to the opposition," said a source.
Exploration companies like Reliance Industries, state-run Oil & Natural Gas Corp ( ONGC ) and Gujarat State Petroleum Corp will have to wait a while longer for commercial viability of their fields as an increase at this eleventh hour was considered harmful to BJP's interests.
Law and telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad apprised reporters late on Wednesday.
Mumbai and Pune largely rely on natural gas for cooking food and running auto-rickshaws, taxis and buses. A one dollar per unit increase in gas price would raise CNG rate by Rs 2.81 per kg and PNG rate by Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metres in Delhi, according to government and industry sources.
Sources said oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan had postponed Government sources also affirmed that wider consultation would be essential and a draft cabinet note probablethe matter because of some differences with the ministries of power and fertilisers, which oppose higher prices since they would raise the fertiliser subsidy bill and make gas-fired power plants unviable.
The oil ministry is, however, keen to offer an attractive price to encourage investments.
Government sources also affirmed that wider consultation would be essential and a draft cabinet note probable. "A comprehensive discussion is possible only after the prime minister returns from the US (October 1)," one source added.
The government has processed recommendations of a committee of secretaries, but could not circulate a cabinet note as the committee submitted its report in the latter part of the previous week," said a source. The committee comprised secretaries for power, fertiliser and expenditure and the additional secretary in the oil ministry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1u05Ot4FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Know corporate-talk? 13 office phrases explained
Newbies, as you enter the corporate workforce with your barely-paying-the-rent salary, vim and vigor this fall, let us clue you in on what some phrases that are thrown around the office really mean.
Post to Facebook
Know corporate-talk? 13 office phrases explained Newbies, as you enter the corporate workforce with your barely-paying-the-rent salary, vim and vigor this fall, let us clue you in on what some phrases that are thrown around the office really mean. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sosV1M
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Know corporate-talk? 13 office phrases explained
USA Today Network Jessica Durando and Lindsay Deutsch, USA TODAY Network 10:44 p.m. EDT October 5, 2014
(Photo: Thinkstock)
254 CONNECT 52 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Newbies, as you enter the corporate workforce this fall with your barely-paying-the-rent salary, and your naive vim and vigor, let us clue you in as to what those phrases thrown around the office really mean.
Here is your office jargon guide:
(Photo: Thinkstock)

Obama to designate world s largest marine sanctuary in the PacificObama to designate world s largest marine sanctuary in the Pacific
Private equity-backed Vantage Energy postpones IPOPrivate equity-backed Vantage Energy postpones IPO
Vodafone not worried over RIL s 4G callVodafone not worried over RIL s 4G call
7 companies to lose coal output of 20m tonnes/year7 companies to lose coal output of 20m tonnes/year
Frogs Go Bonkers Over An iPhone Video Of WormsWe all spend a fair amount of time staring at our smartphone screens , but these frogs might have us beat.
In the video above, a small army of frogs-turned-couch-potatoes watch enrapt as a video of worms plays on the screen of an iPhone placed in the dirt. A few of the frogs even take a leap at the phone, in hopes the worms could be dinner.
It's clear these little amphibians are true smartphone fanboys. And hey, who could blame them?
More:

BHP Billiton-Mitsubishi cutting 700 jobsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Iron ore miners  zombie economics© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/04d79ef4-4231-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BlackBerry launches square smartphoneBlackBerry launches square phone in push for business users
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1cfb6e4a-43e2-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco probe raises doubts on active ETFsPimco probe raises further questions on active ETFs
By Chris Newlands
Questions over structure persist as the industry rapidly grows
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/761c3776-43e6-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indo-US civil nuclear deal hits Japanese roadblockE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

HP Elitebook Folio 1040 G1: Thin  light and powerfulE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple pulls software update for iPhonesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Learn Sanskrit  says PMUpdated: September 25, 2014 07:50 IST
Learn Sanskrit, says PM
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with seer of the Siddaganga Math Shivakumara Swami on Wednesday.
TOPICS
Karnataka
Mr. Modi touched the feet of seer of Siddaganga Math, Shivakumara Swami, and sought his blessings.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited Siddaganga Math here, hailed the religious institution for imparting Sanskrit education and stressed the importance of learning Sanskrit.
Addressing the students of the math on its premises, Mr. Modi said Sanskrit was a treasure trove of science, art and culture, and a rich source of knowledge. He said Sanskrit would help tell the next generation about the contribution of our ancestors towards science and environment and “uphold the glorious tradition of Indian knowledge.”
Expressing concern over global warming, he said that Indian shastras told how to live without causing any damage to the environment. Mr. Modi touched the feet of the seer of the Siddaganga Math, Shivakumara Swami, and sought his blessings.
A cheque for Rs. 25 lakh was handed over to Mr. Modi for the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund for Jammu and Kashmir by the swami.

Golden Chariot  carrying Siddaramaiah  stonedUpdated: September 25, 2014 03:35 IST
Golden Chariot, carrying Siddaramaiah, stoned
Special Correspondent
The damaged window pane of the Golden Chariot in which Chief Minister Siddaramaiah was travelling after it was hit by stones on Wednesday.
TOPICS
assault (general)
The luxury train Golden Chariot that was carrying Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and other members of the entourage was stoned by some unidentified miscreants near Pandavapura on Wednesday.
The Chief Minister was on his way to Mysore from Bangalore to participate in the Dasara festival, which will commence from Thursday.
The stone-throwing is suspected to be the work of some urchins, and the window pane of the coach next to which the Chief Minister was travelling, was damaged. Sources in the Railways said the Government Railway Police were investigating.
None hurt
Bangalore Special Correspondent reports:
Anil Kumar Agarwal, Divisional Railway Manager, Bangalore, said the incident occurred at 6 p.m. “The train was not detained. Nobody was injured”.
He said that unlike Nayandahalli, Kengeri, and Banaswadi in Bangalore, there had been no history of stone pelting at Pandavapura.
The aim was to promote the Golden Chariot, said Sunanda Arul, Additional Divisional Railway Manager, Bangalore, who along with Mr. Agarwal, had seen off the Chief Minister and the Ministers at Yeshwantpur.
She said the trip was organised by the Karnataka State Tourism Development Corporation, to which the Golden Chariot belongs. The train’s locomotive belongs to the Railways.
Those travelling with the Chief Minister included Home Minister K.J. George, Minister of State for Kannada and Culture Umashree, and Minister for Housing M.H. Ambareesh.

Apple withdraws update to new operating systemLos Angeles, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 07:47 IST
New iPhones run into software, bending complaints
PTI
Reuters Apple has pulled out the latest update to the newest iPhone operating system only a few hours after its release.
TOPICS
science and technology
Apple said it would stop providing the software update to fix several issues in iOS 8 OS for iPhones and iPads
Apple’s iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have ran into some glitches after users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, and a video circulated to suggest that the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to bending.
The U.S.-based company said it would stop providing the software update, which it began distributing Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week’s iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads.
The decision came after some people complained on Twitter and in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock their phones with their fingerprint.
Apple on Wednesday announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to users “as quickly as they can.” Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week’s version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.
Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest phone models - the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It’s not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.
Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing yesterday with reports that the aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending.
Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.
Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent “breakability” test sponsored by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells protection plans to consumers for their electronic devices. That test did not include bending, and SquareTrade plans further tests.

With canal and hut  India stands up to China on disputed frontierWith canal and hut  India stands up to China on disputed frontier
PM Modi s  fruitcola  advice may not bear fruitYou are here: Home > Collections > Coca-cola
PM Modi says using fruit in colas will help fruit growers; experts feel changing formula impossible
ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 05.15AM IST
Tags:
Coca-Cola
(Soft-drink giants Coca-Cola…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Coca-Cola offers a product called Fruitwater in some markets -a Splenda-sweetened, fruit-flavoured, carbonated, zero calorie drink. But 'Fruitcola'? Say, 95% Coca-Cola or Pepsi plus 5% mango or pineapple juice—how will that taste?
We may never find out, at least not anytime soon. Soft-drink giants Coca-Cola and PepsiCo , used to receiving plenty of advice on products, got one on Wednesday that takes the cake—or, rather, the fruit. Mix your fizzy drink with real fruit juice, the prime minister advised. The industry respectfully responded this may be a fruitless quest.
"We drink Pepsi,Coca-Cola...and I do Not know how many similar beverages are available...The trade runs into billions of rupees. I have asked the companies if they can blend 5% natural fruit juice in the beverages they make," Narendra Modi said, inaugurating India's first integrated food park in an area near Tumkur, Karnataka.
Blending fruit juice with sweet fizzy drinks can prove to be a bigger challenge than successfully completing a low-cost and hi-tech mission to Mars, an event the PM presided over at Indian Space Research Organisation earlier in the day.
Veterans of the Rs 12,000 crore fizzy drink industry in India were unanimous in questioning the feasibility of the fruit juice-spiked cola concept. These executives spoke on the condition they not be identified.
"Changing original formulations of beverages is impossible. It's impractical," said a top beverage industry official.
"Changing formulation doesn't happen just like that", another cola veteran said. Modi had said using natural fruit in cola drinks will help India's fruit growers and save waste.
Globally, the second-largest fruit grower, India's poor cold storage facilities mean thousands of crores worth of produce being wasted every year.
The PM also said government research bodies have been asked to find ways to blend cola drinks with fruit juice. But that assurance of sarkari scientific back up did not seem to convince fizzy drink makers.
Industry executives insist companies are "thinking all the time of healthier products" but they are equally insistent that their formulas for making fizzy drinks can't be altered "fundamentally".
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1mtvdK8http://usat.ly/1mtvdk8
Channel 9 s Rich King expanding his library  aims to...0
Former Kraft CEO expands Lake Forest estate: Former Kraft Foods CEO Roger Deromedi has broadened his estate in Lake Forest, paying $1.75 million Sept. 15 for a three-bedroom, 3,117-square-foot house on a 1.66-acre property just to the east of the 3.4-acre property that houses his 12,488-square-foot mansion.
Now nonexecutive chairman of Pinnacle Foods, Deromedi, 61, was Kraft's chief executive from 2001 until he was pushed out in 2006. He paid $8.2 million in 2004 for his 22-room mansion, which was designed by architect Charles A. Coolidge and constructed in 1911 for commodities trader Henry Rumsey, who went on to be Lake Forest's mayor. Now, Deromedi has expanded his holdings. His new acquisition includes the other half of a ravine that also is on his property.
Deromedi could not be reached for comment.
Orthopedic surgeon pays $4.4 million for Finkl family mansion in River North: Chicago orthopedic surgeon Roger Chams paid $4.4 million last month to buy a 10,300-square-foot mansion in the River North neighborhood from the wife of the late A. Finkl & Sons CEO and fourth-generation steel magnate Charles W. Finkl.
Records show that Sarah L. Finkl paid $3.85 million in 2007 to buy the four-bedroom mansion new from its homebuilder, just a year after she paid $600,000 for a vacant lot to the west. Finkl first listed the mansion for $7.88 million in 2012, then cut her asking price to $7.38 million later in 2012, then to $7.25 million in 2013 before taking it off the market. She relisted it in February for $4.95 million and cut her asking price to $4.75 million in June.
Features include 81/2 baths, six fireplaces, an elevator, au pair suite, large great-room, six-car garage with wash rack and master suite with steam shower, sauna, exercise room and large walk-in closet. Outside, the property includes 4,500 square feet of deck space, a resistance pool, outdoor fireplace and gazebo. The sale included the vacant lot.
Chams did not respond to a request for comment.

Number of marijuana license seekers in Illinois tops...0
Morgan said the state aims to have licenses awarded by the end of the year. Illinois' medical marijuana law was signed in July.
Neil Khot, a technology professional from Hoffman Estates said one of the most tedious tasks leading up to the application deadline was redacting the necessary information and making photocopies.
"Some people were redacting while standing in the line," said Khot, who arrived at the James R. Thompson Center downtown 20 minutes before deadline.
Khot applied for five dispensary licenses for locations in Schaumburg, Naperville, St. Charles, Bartlett and Arlington Heights. He said he worked on the applications for a year.
"The last two weeks have been crazy," Khot said. "I worked straight for three continuous days hardly sleeping, maybe an hour or so at night. … I have a good team of six to eight people supporting me too. It was not easy."
Khot said he thought the applications were appropriately thorough, though. He thinks it's fair that the state will review applications blindly at first, he said. Still, it took him two days to block out all the necessary information and photocopy his five applications, which averaged about 400 pages each.
Khot hopes the state will award licenses soon, he said.
"Business owners are paying money, and there's no income," Khot said. "My hope is this will be done in two months, maybe three at the latest. On top of it, the patients are waiting."

Desi companies helped in Mangalyaan tripDesi companies helped in Mangalyaan trip
Supreme Court s coal block verdict: All eyes on government nowSupreme Court s coal block verdict: All eyes on government now
Pimco and exchange traded funds© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d3d9898-43f9-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FIPB to decide on HDFC Bank proposal to increase foreign investment limitFIPB to decide on HDFC Bank proposal to increase foreign investment limit
Six years after LehmanHome »   Companies
Six years after Lehman Brothers collapse, the world remains fragile
Six charts try to answer the big question: Whether the world is headed for another bubble on the back of rising financial exuberance
Markets temper expectations on infrastructure sector
Photo: Bloomberg
Mumbai: Six years have passed since the collapse of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. on 15 September 2008 but rising asset prices in recent times would have us believe that world economy has moved on. However, the pick-up in real economic activity has been painfully slow, there is a huge debt pile-up in government balance sheets, while the private sector’s deleveraging record has been mixed. Here are six charts that try to answer the big question: Whether the world is headed for another bubble on the back of rising financial exuberance.
1. Economic recovery has been fragile
Economic activity remains sluggish in most large economies despite a slight recovery from the post-crisis lows. Real output in some euro zone economies such as Spain is still below their 2007 levels. Even in economies such as India which escaped the worst of the crisis, growth has stuttered and yet to revert to potential.
2. Signs of new housing bubble
Housing prices seem disconnected with the real economy. After a sharp correction in the years immediately following the crisis, the real estate market has begun heating up. The chart below shows that global housing prices have inched up successively for seven straight quarters. In the US, the Case-Shiller 20-city housing price index is at levels last seen in March 2008. This should serve as warning for investors since the roots of the Great Recession lay in the bursting of the housing bubble.
3. New financial exuberance
Housing is not the only asset class that has fallen prey to animal spirits. Equities are rising across the world. One of the hallmarks of the 2008 bubble was the heightened tendency of stocks across the globe to rise and fall in tandem. Something similar is beginning to happen again. The correlation between the S&P 500 and the MSCI Emerging Markets Index had been falling steadily after peaking in 2008 and 2009 but 2014 has seen a trend reversal of sorts. The correlation has again risen to crisis levels.
4. Global imbalances have improved
The financial crisis and global imbalances are closely connected. High savings of countries including China and oil exporters led to lower interest rates which in turn allowed low-saving Americans to borrow more fuelling the housing bubble, goes one account. To an extent, slower global growth has helped correct past imbalances such as the skewed trade balance between western economies such as the US and Asian economies such as China.
5. Private sector deleveraging uneven
Slow growth has also complicated debt problems for many large economies of the world. Yes, companies and households have cut down debt since the crisis, but the track record has been mixed. The US, for instance, home to some of the largest multinational corporations in the world has seen debt rise for its non-financial firms.
6. Massive fiscal stress; high public debt
Corporate deleveraging, however, has been accompanied by rising levels of public debt, as governments have taken over stressed assets and tried to stimulate economic growth by spending more. That sort of easy policy accommodation is going to come to an end soon, at least in the US, and threaten financial stability especially if the world can’t transition to investment-driven growth.
The fate of the global economy will depend a lot on how the world copes with the debt hangover.

Supreme Court quashes allocation of 214 coal blocksNew Delhi, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 02:45 IST
Supreme Court quashes allocation of 214 coal blocks
Krishnadas Rajagopal
The Hindu File photo of a coal mine in Khammam district of Telangana. The Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal block allocations it had declared illegal and arbitrary in its August 25, 2014 verdict.
TOPICS
court administration
Coal blocks allocated to SAIL and NTPC and two Ultra Mega Power Projects have been exempted.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal block allocations it had declared illegal and arbitrary in its August 25, 2014 verdict .
Acting on the Central government's assurance that it is “fully prepared” to face the cancellation of the coal block allocations and will not have any difficulty to take the coal industry forward, a three-judge bench led by Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha passed the order, opting that the "natural consequence" of its August 25 judgment declaring the allocations would be to cancel them.
On the Centre's request to save 40 functional coal blocks and six ready-to-function ones, the court said 42 of them would continue to function for the next 6 months, till March 31, 2015, to give the government "breathing space to manage the emerging situation".
These 42 blocks would have to pay an additional levy of Rs. 295 per metric tonne of coal extracted to make up for the loss highlighted in the CAG report in the coal scam.
The four functional coal blocks exempted from cancellation are two ultra mega power projects, one operated by NTPC and another by SAIL.
Reacting to the order, Attorney-General Mukul Rohatgi, who represented the Centre in the case, told the media that the "government would now decide which of the blocks will be auctioned and which not to".
He said the six-month gap in implementation of cancellation of 42 functional coal blocks would ensure that the transition would happen with the “least disturbance”.
On the impact of the cancellation on industries, Mr. Rohatgi said “private industries can come back by way of auction”.
Coal blocks: SC rejects private miners’ plea
In its 27-page order cancelling the allocation of 214 coal blocks on Wednesday, a three-judge Bench headed by Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha dismissed the argument by private miners’ associations that Coal India Ltd. would not be equipped to handle the post-cancellation challenges.
Private miners had said that cancellation of the blocks would hit investors’ confidence, cause acute distress in some industries, affect 28,000 MW of power capacity, and cause an estimated loss of Rs. 4.4 lakh crore in terms of royalty, cess, direct and indirect taxes, besides raising the cost of coal imports and setting back the process of extraction and effective utilisation of coal by eight years.
Countering this, the court observed that the submission “that the CIL is inefficient and incapable of accepting the challenge is not an issue at all.”
“The Central government is confident, as submitted by the learned Attorney-General, that the CIL can fill the void and take things forward,” the order said.
On the impact of the cancellation on industries, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, who represented the government in the case, said, “Private industries can come back by way of auction.”
Opting for cancellation as the “natural consequence” of declaring coal block allocations arbitrary and illegal, the court saved four allocations from the “guillotine”. The four blocks, left undisturbed, are among the 46 illegal coal blocks -- 40 functional and six ready to start operations this year -- the government wanted to be saved from cancellation.
The court made it clear that the order will not affect the CBI’s pending criminal investigation on 12 functional coal blocks.
The court order exempted four blocks. These include two ultra mega power projects -- Moher and Moher Amroli Extension -- allocated to Sasan Power Ltd, Tasra allotted to Steel Authority of India Ltd. and Pakri Barwadih coal block of the National Thermal Power Corporation. Though the Government wanted 46 blocks exempted, the court said the remaining 42 could continue production for the next six months, provided they pay the Rs 295 per tonne levy. This six-month window, the court explained, was merely a buffer time.
Coal block allocation: chronology of events
July 14, 1992
A number of coal blocks, which were not in the production plan of Coal India Ltd and the Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL), were identified and a list of 143 blocks were prepared.
1993 to 2010
A total of 70 coal mines or blocks were allocated between 1993 and 2005, 53 in 2006, 52 in 2007, 24 in 2008, 16 in 2009 and one in 2010.
In all, 216 block were allocated between 1993 and 2010, out of which 24 were taken away at different points in time, effectively leaving the total number of allocated blocks at 194.
March 2012
CAG’s draft report accuses govt of ‘inefficient’ allocation of coal blocks 2004—2009; estimates windfall gains to allottees at Rs 10.7 lakh crore.
May 29, 2012
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offers to give up his public life if found guilty in the scam * May 31, 2012: CVC, based on a complaint of two BJP MPs — Prakash Javadekar and Hansraj Ahir — directs a CBI enquiry
June 2012
Coal ministry forms an inter—ministerial panel to review the process of allocation of blocks and to decide either on de—allocations or forfeiture of bank guarantees.
Since then, the government has taken back about 80 coal fields while bank guarantees in 42 cases have been forfeited.
August 2012
CAG’s final report, tabled in Parliament, tones down loss to exchequer figure to Rs 1.86 lakh crore.
June 2012
Coal ministry forms an inter—ministerial panel to review the process of allocation of blocks and to decide either on de—allocations or forfeiture of bank guarantees.
Since then, the government has taken back about 80 coal fields while bank guarantees in 42 cases have been forfeited.
August 2012
CAG’s final report, tabled in Parliament, tones down loss to exchequer figure to Rs 1.86 lakh crore.
August 25, 2012
Govt claims CAG’s presumptive loss theory flawed, no mining yet.
August 27, 2012
PM says CAG flawed; “The observations of the CAG are clearly disputable”
September 6, 2012
PIL in SC seeks cancellation of 194 coal block allotments Supreme Court begins monitoring the CBI probe into the coal field allocations
March 2013
The Apex Court asks CBI not to share probe details with govt
April 23, 2013
Standing Committee on Coal and Steel, in a report tabled in Parliament, says coal blocks distributed between 1993—2008 done in unauthorized manner. Says allotment of mines where production not started should be cancelled.
April 26, 2013
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha submits affidavit saying investigation report shared with law minister Ashwani Kumar.
May 10, 2013

State Bank of India board approves stock splitSep 24, 2014, 05.29 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
State Bank of India board approves stock split
"The board of directors of the bank, in a meeting on September 24, decided to reduce the face value of equity shares of the bank from Rs 10 per share to Rs 1 per share and to increase the number of issued shares in proportion thereof," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
State Bank of India board approves stock split
"The board of directors of the bank, in a meeting on September 24, decided to reduce the face value of equity shares of the bank from Rs 10 per share to Rs 1 per share and to increase the number of issued shares in proportion thereof," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
India's largest lender  State Bank of India (SBI) has approved sub division (the first in its history) of its shares following stock split announcement from other leading lenders like ICICI Bank, Punjab National Bank and Axis Bank.
"The board of directors of the bank, in a meeting on September 24, decided to reduce the face value of equity shares of the bank from Rs 10 per share to Re 1 per share and to increase the number of issued shares in proportion thereof," said the company in its filing.
The board also decided to mirror the reduction in face value of equity shares in existing GDR programme.
Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairman said, “The decision to split stock will enhance broader investor participation specifically retail participation and increase in demand will enhance P/E ratio."
Earlier in the month, on September 9, ICICI Bank  board also approved the sub-division of one equity share having face value of Rs 10 each into five equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each. PNB , on September 22, too granted in-principle approval for spilt of existing equity shares of face value Rs 10 each into five equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each.
Axis Bank  also split its shares in July, according to which its shareholders received five equity shares of nominal value of Rs 2 each in lieu of one equity share of nominal value of Rs 10 each.
RELATED NEWS

Ganga clean-up depends on people  5 state governments  Centre tells SC PTI File photo shows a devotee taking a dip in the polluted waters of river Ganga in Allahabad.
TOPICS
environmental issues
"We want to verify what you are doing and how you are going to do it," says the Court
The Supreme Court on Wednesday said it wants the NDA government to give it a “commitment” that river Ganga will be cleaned in a phased manner and said the court will keep a close watch on the executive's efforts to rejuvenate the 2,500 km-long river.
In response, the government said the Centre's efforts alone will not help the river get a second lease of life, instead the “thought to keep the Ganga clean must come from within” for the general public, and moreover, the State governments in the five Ganga river basin States - Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal – should rise above political differences and chip in to save the Ganga.
The hearing on Wednesday before a bench of Justices T.S. Thakur and R. Banumathi was after the government submitted a three-stage plan spanning 10 years to purify the river.
“If you are committing yourself for a stage-wise clean-up, we want to verify what you are doing and how you are going to do it. If you wish, we will not disturb you further for a year. But, let's say in October 2015, you should come back and tell us specifically what you did. We want you to commit to us. ” Justice Thakur told Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar, representing the government.
Mr. Kumar said a commitment would be of no avail unless the five Ganga basin States also commit. He said it is primarily the responsibility of these States to implement the clean-up. The Centre, on its part, can only make the project and give funds to the States.
``The States should also commit as I (Centre) am committing to this court to clean the Ganga. Otherwise, we will roll out the project and a babu sitting in some town will spoil our efforts,” Mr. Kumar said.
But Justice Thakur raised doubts about the Centre's political equations with the five States.
“All these five States... all of them are ruled by parties different from yours. Will they co-operate with you? You have a different combination in the Centre,” Justice Thakur asked, assuring that the court would do the necessary to aid the Centre's efforts for Ganga.
The government's three-phase Ganga clean-up plan includes a tentative Rs. 51,000 crore project by the Ministry of Urban Development to extend sewerage coverage to 118 urban habitations spread across the river bank.
Another proposal is by the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation to make all 1,649 grampanchayats located along the Ganga banks free from open defecation.
The third is to enforce zero liquid discharge from “grossly” polluting industries located across the five Ganga river basin States.
It said the long-term plan is to "restore the wholesomeness of river Ganga in terms of defining concept of ensuring Nirmal Dhara, Aviral Dhara and maintaining geological and ecological integrity of the river".

Ikea inks MoU to open store in TelanganaSep 24, 2014 at 05:20pm IST
Ikea inks MoU to open store in Telangana
11
0
Hyderabad: Ikea India, a subsidiary of Swedish furniture retailer Ikea AB, today signed an MoU with the Telangana government for establishing its store in the state.
Founded in 1943, Ikea is one of the world's largest retailers in furniture, household goods and textiles. It was one of the first companies in India to be allowed 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail under the government's liberalised policy.
In May 2013, the government cleared the proposal of the Swedish furniture major to invest Rs 10,500 crore for setting up single brand retail stores. "The decision by Ikea to set up its first store in Hyderabad will place Hyderabad on the international map of Ikea stores. Ikea retail outlets have a standard design and each location entails an investment of $100 million
Founded in 1943, Ikea is one of the world's largest retailers in furniture, household goods and textiles.
#ikea #ikea india #telangana #fdi
(Rs 500-600 crore).
In addition, the backward integration of supplier linkages will have tremendous economic impact to the state, a press release from the Government said. Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao while assuring the furniture maker all possible support from the government suggested that Ikea should tie up with artisans in Telangana like Nirmal, Silver Filigri, Pembarti and so on, for their furniture as add on things.
Responding to a request made by Juvencio Maeztu, Ikea India CEO, the Chief Minister has agreed to accommodate their store near one of the Metro retail terminals, the release said.
The Telangana government will support Ikea's investment by appointing the Commissioner of Industries as a single contact point to ensure a speedy, transparent process for all applications, permissions and licences, the statement further said.
12

Supreme Court s Coal Block Ruling Likely to Hit Economy: India IncCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: The Supreme Court's mass cancellation of coal block licences will cause serious supply disruptions and accentuate the power crisis, and is likely to impact the economy by jeopardising investments in the sector, India Inc said on Wednesday.
"The decision taken by the Supreme Court to cancel all but four coal blocks is likely to adversely impact the domestic coal supplies in the country and will erode investor confidence," CII president Ajay Shriram said.
Currently, about 42 blocks are producing coal to the tune of 53 million tonnes and account for 10 per cent of the total coal supplied in the country.
"This judgement will lead to serious supply disruptions as mining from these blocks will be hampered, further exacerbating the coal shortages in the country. Any disruption in the coal supplies will accentuate power crisis and force higher imports impacting the current account deficit," Mr Shriram said.
Terming the Supreme Court's ruling cancelling 214 coal blocks as "a bit harsh", Assocham president Rana Kapoor said: "Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown".
"Being largely dependent on the thermal power, it is the coal which fires the economic growth, which will be halted, besides, the dependence on coal imports will increase," he added.
In a blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were allotted to various companies since 1993.
"While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will jeopardise the investments made in the sector. It will raise questions on sanctity of government policies impacting the investment climate. The government will need to expedite reallocating the cancelled producing blocks so that production is not affected in the short term," Mr Shriram said.
"The court's decision has created uncertainty and is likely to impact key sectors including power, steel and mining. In particular, given that the power sector is the largest consumer of coal in India (coal-based power generation accounts for 2/3rd of India's electricity mix), this development is likely to exacerbate the shortage of fuel for the power sector," he added.
According to CII, acute fuel shortage is already impacting the power sector and currently close to 80 million tonnes of coal is being imported to meet the sector's requirements.
"Another sector that will be impacted by this ruling is the financial sector as the exposure of public sector banks to the power and steel sectors is considerable. In fact, banks account for over 60 per cent of the overall investments in these blocks," Mr Shriram said.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 18:49 (IST)

 Supreme Court Verdict to Weigh on LendersYou are here: Home Industries
Supreme Court Verdict Scrapping Coal Blocks to Weigh on Lenders
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 20:05 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: The Supreme Court verdict scrapping most coal extraction permits given to companies over two decades has raised concerns that loans to the holders of the permits could turn sour, piling pressure on lenders already battling a rise in bad loans.
The court said on Wednesday that companies will have until the end of March to return most of the so-called coal blocks allocated by the government since 1993, after ruling last month the selective allocation process was arbitrary and illegal.
While the impact of the ruling on lenders is yet to be known, shares in banks including market leader State Bank of India fell in Mumbai trading as investors saw the ruling as negative for the sector.
The crackdown on the coal blocks will put $10-$12 billion of loans at risk, Credit Suisse estimated last month. That would add to almost $100 billion of stressed loans, or about 10 per cent of banking assets, in the Indian banking system.
"You can talk about the direction - it's negative," said Saday Sinha, a banking analyst with Kotak Securities. Mr Sinha added it was difficult to quantify the impact at this stage as not all the loans to the companies will turn into bad loans.
State-run lender IDBI Bank Ltd, whose shares closed 5.5 per cent lower after the court verdict, has close to Rs 2000 crore ($328 million) loan exposure to companies affected by the court ruling, the bank's chairman M.S. Raghavan said.
"Not all will have problems ... We are assessing (the impact)," Mr Raghavan said in a phone interview.
Companies that are set to lose coal blocks will likely have to bid in an auction to win them back. Losing the coal blocks could also mean higher and costlier imports of the raw material used by sectors including steel and power.
State Bank of India, which has previously played down the possible impact of scrapping coal blocks on its asset quality, said the court verdict would remove uncertainty.
"We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation," chairwoman Arundhati Bhattacharya said in a statement.
Shares in State Bank of India dropped 2.7 per cent and the banking sector index closed 1 per cent lower, while the main Mumbai market index ended down 0.19 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Hydro projects deal between Rel Power  Jaypee called offSep 24, 2014, 08.25 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Hydro projects deal between Rel Power, Jaypee called off
The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call of the talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hydro projects deal between Rel Power, Jaypee called off
The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call of the talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it.
Post your opinion here
 
Reliance Power 's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures ' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project.
The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call of the talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it. Industry sources, however, said talks collapsed after Central Electricity Authority (CEA) issued show cause notice for alleged violation of techno-economic clearance conditions of the Karcham Wangtoo project, which had an approved capacity of 1,000 MW but actual capacity was built to 1,200 MW.
Jaiprakash group (Japyee) was looking at selling the hydro projects to cut its nearly Rs 12,000 crore debt. Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) said in a statement, "For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG has been called off."
"The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of the shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country," Jaypee Group Chairman Manoj Gaur said in the statement. JPVL has a generation base of 1,700 MW hydro power (1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo, 300 MW Baspa II, and 400 MW Vishnu Prayag) and 1,160 MW thermal power, including 500 MW Bina thermal project and 660 MW Nigrie thermal power project.
A Reliance Power spokesperson said, "Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and JPVL have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power's acquisition of JPVL's 3 projects with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 MW." In July, Reliance Power signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of JPVL.
Currently, Reliance Power has hydroelectric power projects aggregating over 5,000 MW under development, of which 4,200 MW are located in Arunachal Pradesh, 700 MW in Himachal Pradesh and 400 MW in Uttarakhand.
 
Jaiprakash Pow stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jaiprakash Power Ventures closed at Rs 13.90, down Rs 0.21, or 1.49 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 26.63 and the 52-week low was Rs 11.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.15 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 92.67. The latest book value of the company is Rs 21.54 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.65.
RELATED NEWS

Vehicle Innovations Serving Growing Global Marketsreddit
In the most crowded cities of the world from China to India, many people rely on small motorcycles or mopeds for their primary transportation. With over a billion people entering the lower middle class globally over the next ten years, there is a big opportunity to serve a large number of people that would like to upgrade their transportation but will still have to deal with crowded roads and narrow streets.
The engineers at LIT Motors decided to think way outside of the box and design a vehicle that would not only be light and energy efficient, capable of running on either petroleum or electricity, but also serve this growing demographic by creating a vehicle that is designed for narrow crowded streets. They ended up creating that vehicle that looks nothing like a typical car.
We all know that cars have four wheels. But why? Two wheels are more efficient and the cost would be much less. However, two wheels for a car could be a big problem when you come to a stop--unless, of course, you have something to stabilize the vehicle.
LIT Motors has created a two-wheeled car that is self-balancing. Think of it like an extremely large motorcycle with a roof, doors, windows, steering wheel, and foot pedals. In addition to the driver, it has enough space for an adult passenger and bags that would be about the same space as the bags you can carry on a plane (roller bag, briefcase, a few bags of groceries).
To keep the vehicle from falling over, the engineers looked at how gyroscopes or tops stabilize things, and they put their version of the gyroscope inside the vehicle. So in other words, they took all of the stabilization problems at stop signs out of a two-wheeled car. While still in the prototype phase, LIT Motors is definitely creating a new platform for transportation that has broad implications in the world's most crowded cities.
Given the mobile, social, virtual, visual revolutions that are taking place today and the many new tools that are now available, it is a good time to ask yourself; Is there a growing problem I could solve that would yield a big opportunity?
Follow Daniel Burrus on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DanielBurrus
More:

180 more file nominations for Maharashtra assembly electionsSep 24, 2014 at 11:53pm IST
180 more file nominations for Maharashtra assembly elections
5
0
Mumbai: As many as 180 candidates on Wednesday filed their nomination papers in Maharashtra for the October 15 Assembly elections, taking the total to 320, but major parties stayed away from the process due to bickering among them over allocation of seats in the 288-member House.
According to sources in Maharashtra state electoral office here, 180 candidates filed their papers in different constituencies, taking the total to 320 till now. Six people filed nomination papers in as many Assembly constituencies in Nashik district, about 200 km from here, sources in the District Collector's office.
Prominent among them was former CPI(M) MLA Jiva Pandu Gavit from Kalwan. Others included Independent nominees like Sanjay Babanrao Sanap (Nandgaon), Alka Mahendra Kedare (Chandwad), Shaikh Ahmed Wahab Fakir Mohmmed (Yeola) and Asolkar Chandrashekhar Prabhakar (Niphad), they said. No major political party has announced their list of candidates so far. The last date of filing nomination papers is September 27.
As many as 180 candidates on Wednesday filed their nomination papers in Maharashtra for the October 15 Assembly elections.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #nominations #congress #bjp
Numerous rounds of parleys between leaders of the two main alliances - led by Shiv Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP - over distribution of seats have failed to yield any concrete result, delaying filing of nomination papers by their candidates.
The Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) is scheduled to announce its poll agenda tomorrow. Filing of nominations is likely to gain momentum from September 25.
1

Watch: This Indian restaurant in New York has made Khakra Pizza  only for ModiIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Major bureaucratic shake up ahead of Modi s US visit  8 secretary-level officers transferredmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Cabinet approves 5-year-long  Swachh Bharat  mission21
0
New Delhi: In a major push to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet "Swachh Bharat" project, Government on Wednesday gave its nod to the five-year-long programme to eliminate open defecation and construction of individual and community toilets across the country.
The Union Cabinet also approved setting up of Clean Ganga Fund with voluntary contributions from citizens, NRIs and Person of Indian Origin toward the conservation of the river Ganga.
The clean India campaign will now be called "Swachh Bharat" Mission. The urban component of the Mission is proposed to be implemented over 5 years starting from October 2, 2014 in all 4041 statutory towns. The total expected cost of the programme is Rs 62,009 crore, out of which the proposed central assistance will be of Rs 14,623 crore.
The Union Cabinet also approved setting up of Clean Ganga Fund with voluntary contributions from citizens and NRIs.
#swachh bharat #cleanliness drive #narendra modi #hygiene
Seeking to create better synergy, the Cabinet also approved restructuring of the "Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan" (NBA) into "Swachh Bharat" Mission (rural). The urban component includes elimination of open defecation, conversion of insanitary toilets to pour flush toilets, eradication of manual scavenging, municipal solid waste management and bringing about a behavioural change in people regarding healthy sanitation practices.
The Programme consists of components for providing individual household toilets, community and public toilets and municipal solid waste management in all 4041 statutory towns. It would cover 1.04 crore households, provide 2.5 lakh seats of community toilets, 2.6 lakh seats of public toilets and solid waste management facility for all towns, Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said after the Cabinet meeting.
Community toilets will be proposed in residential areas, where it is difficult to construct individual household toilets, public toilets will be constructed in designated locations such as tourist places, markets, bus stations, near railway stations and places of public recreation wherever required.
The scheme will be part of a joint "Swachch Bharat" Mission to be implemented for rural areas by the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation and for urban areas by the Ministry of Urban Development.
Referring to the fund for cleaning Ganga, Prasad said the measures taken till now are inadequate and a national effort is required to mobilize resources for improving the condition of the river. The Government had announced the setting up of an Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called "Namami Gange" at an initial sum of Rs 2,037 crore.
The Cabinet has now agreed to set up Clean Ganga Fund with voluntary contributions from residents of the country, NRIs and PIOs. The Fund will have the objective of contributing to the national effort of cleaning of the river Ganga. Domestic donors to the Fund will be eligible for tax benefits as applicable in the case of the Swachh Bharat Kosh. The Fund would be managed by a Trust to be headed by Finance Minister.
"The proposal to set up CGF is to attract private contributions globally for increasing people's participation in this massive task," a statement by the Water Resources Ministry said.
77

French tourist beheaded by IS-linked militantsAlgerian militants behead kidnapped French tourist
By By Patrick Markey | Reuters –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014
Reuters Videos  0:50
By Patrick Markey
ALGIERS (Reuters) - Algerian militants have beheaded French tourist Herve Gourdel, who was kidnapped by gunmen on Sunday in what the group said was a response to France's action against Islamic State militants in Iraq.
In a video released by his captors, Gourdel, a 55-year-old from Nice, is seen kneeling with his arms tied behind his back before four masked militants who read out a statement in Arabic criticising France's intervention.
They then pushed him on his side and held him down. The video does not show the beheading, but a militant later holds the head up to the camera.
"This is why the Caliphate Soldiers in Algeria have decided to punish France, by executing this man, and to defend our beloved Islamic State," one of the militants says in the statement he read out.
France's President Francois Hollande confirmed the death of Gourdel, and vowed that French military operations against Islamic State would continue.
"Our compatriot has been killed cruelly and in a cowardly way by a terrorist group. Herve Gourdel was assassinated because he was  French," Hollande, visibly shaken by the events, said at the United Nations. "My determination is total, and this aggression only strengthens it. France will continue to fight terrorists everywhere. The operations against Islamic State will continue."
The Caliphate Soldiers, a splinter group linked to Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, had on Monday published a video claiming responsibility for the abduction and showed the man identifying himself as Gourdel.
The kidnapping had come after Islamic State spokesman Abu Muhammad al-Adnani urged the group's followers to attack citizens of the United States, France and other countries that joined the coalition to destroy the radical group.
Just before the militants gave their statement in the video, the Frenchman told his family that he loved them.
There was no immediate comment from Gourdel's relatives, but a friend, Eric Grinda, told France's i-Tele television: "They want to fan the flames of hatred and to make us want to respond. They only are able to do one thing, assassinate a man on his knees with his hands tied ... My sadness is immense."
France launched its first air strikes targeting Islamic State targets in Iraq on Friday. It has said all must be done to rid the region of the group.
France raised the threat level at 30 of its embassies across the Middle East and Africa on Monday.
DEEPENING ISLAMIST RIVALRIES
Western diplomats and intelligence sources say they believe there are fewer than 10 Western hostages still held by Islamic State. The group has recently beheaded two Americans, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and one Briton, David Haines, and threatened to kill another Briton, Alan Henning.
The Frenchman's kidnapping was one of the first abductions of a foreigner by militants in Algeria since the North African country ended its decade-long war with Islamist fighters in the 1990s.
There have, however, been many attacks in the Maghreb region carried out by armed Islamists. In January 2013, al Qaeda-linked militants took more than 800 people hostage at a gas facility near In Amenas, Algeria. Algerian special forces raided the site, but 40 workers were killed, all but one of them foreigners, along with 29 militants.
Gourdel, a French nature guide and photographer, was taken hostage when militants stopped his vehicle in the remote mountains east of Algiers where he planned a hiking trip, according to Algeria's interior ministry.
Algerian troops had launched a search for Gourdel in the mountains in an area known as the "Triangle of Death" during the bloody days of Algeria's 1990s war with Islamists. Though attacks from Islamists are rarer, al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and other groups are still active.
The Caliphate Soldiers group earlier this month announced it had broken with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, known as AQIM, to back Islamic State, in another illustration of deepening rivalries between Islamic State and al Qaeda's core leadership.
AQIM central region commander Khaled Abu Suleimane, who claimed leadership of the Caliphate Soldiers, is a hardliner who has consistently refused peace agreements with the government and traces his militant roots back to the 1990s war.
In that war, 200,000 were killed, as militants fought a bloody campaign - cutting throats, massacring villages and kidnapping civilians - to overthrow the government and install an Islamic state in Algeria.
(Reporting by Patrick Markey; Additional reporting by John Irish in Paris, Lamine Chikhi in Algiers; Editing by Will Waterman)
Recommend

FIIs help bridge gap with Nifty but earnings fail to match upYou are here: Home > Collections
FIIs help bridge gap with Nifty but earnings fail to match up
Ashutosh R Shyam, ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 09.11AM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(The BSE Midcap’s P/E…)
Early signs of euphoria have started to reflect on Indian equities , with the BSE Midcap index's valuation gap with the benchmark index Nifty — both in P/E (price-earnings) and P/BV (price-book value) terms — narrowing down considerably in the last three months.
However, during the same time, earnings upgrades of midcaps have not been in step with the rise in stocks.
The BSE Midcap's P/E is at a 9% premium compared with the Nifty, which is the widest premium since May 2006.
The BSE Midcap is currently valued at 17.9 times of one-year forward earnings compared with 16.5 times of the Nifty, according to Bloomberg data.
At the same time, another valuation parameter, P/BV multiple too has bridged the gap quite considerably with the Nifty.
The discount of P/BV of BSE Midcap to the Nifty fell to 26% in September 2014 against 40% at the start of 2013. In the last 10 years, the P/BV of the BSE Midcap has traded at a 35-45% discount to the Nifty.
The main reason that helped midcaps outperform benchmark indices in the last three months is an increased allocation to midcaps by FIIs .
Foreign funds have deployed nearly $2.1 billion in midcap stocks alone in the June quarter, the highest absolute allocation since January 2009.
But outperformance of midcaps will entirely depend on whether an earnings upgrade in midcap stocks will also be able to beat the Nifty earnings upgrade.
Historically, relative re-rating of midcap stocks compared with the Nifty is matched with the relative higher earnings upgrades.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold prices ease in Asia with support seen from India holiday demandSep 25, 2014, 04.18 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold prices ease in Asia with support seen from India holiday demand
Gold prices ease in Asia with support seen from India holiday demand
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold prices ease in Asia with support seen from India holiday demand
Gold prices ease in Asia with support seen from India holiday demand
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold prices eased slightly in Asia on Thursday with investors eyeing holiday season demand in India for support.
Demand in India gains during the fall for the Diwali festival and as a traditional times for weddings.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, Gold futures for December delivery traded at $1,217.10 a troy ounce, down 0.02%, after hitting an overnight session low of $1,216.30 and off a high of $1,226.70.
Overnight, gold futures fell after the greenback advanced on news that far more new homes were sold in the U.S. last month than expected.
The Census Bureau reported earlier that U.S. new home sales data rose 18.0% last month to 504,000 units, far surpassing expectations for a 4.4% gain to 430,000 units. New home sales for July were revised to a 1.9% increase from a previously estimated 2.4% drop.
Separately, the Department of Energy reported earlier that crude stockpiles plunged by 4.3 million barrels last week, confounding market calls for a build of 386,000, which further stoked expectations that the U.S. economy is improving as evidenced by its demand for fuel and energy.
Wednesday's data came a day after a report showed that the U.S. manufacturing sector expanded in September close to market expectations, which fueled already growing expectations that the Federal Reserve may hike interest rates sooner than markets have previously expected.
In October, the Federal Reserve is expected to close its monthly bond-buying program and then begin raising benchmark interest rates some time in 2015.
Silver for December delivery was down 0.05% at $17.685 a troy ounce. Copper futures for December delivery were up 0.04% at $3.055 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Dollar gains as U.S. new home sales take off in AugustSep 25, 2014, 12.40 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar gains as U.S. new home sales take off in August
Dollar gains as U.S. new home sales take off in August
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar gains as U.S. new home sales take off in August
Dollar gains as U.S. new home sales take off in August
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The dollar firmed against most major currencies on Wednesday after data revealed far more new homes were sold in August than markets were expecting.
In U.S. trading on Wednesday, EUR/USD was down 0.52% at 1.2780.
The Census Bureau reported earlier that U.S. new home sales rose 18.0% last month to 504,000 units, far surpassing expectations for a 4.4% gain to 430,000 units. New home sales for July were revised to a 1.9% increase from a previously estimated 2.4% drop.
Separately, the Department of Energy reported earlier that crude stockpiles plunged by 4.3 million barrels last week, confounding market calls for a build of 386,000, which further stoked expectations that the U.S. economy is improving as evidenced by its demand for fuel and energy.
Wednesday's data came a day after a report showed that the U.S. manufacturing sector expanded in September close to market expectations, which fueled already growing expectations that the Federal Reserve may hike interest rates sooner than markets have previously expected.
In October, the Federal Reserve is expected to close its monthly bond-buying program and then begin raising benchmark interest rates some time in 2015, though the timing of the latter remains up in the air.
Meanwhile across the Atlantic, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the bank will keep its monetary policy "accommodative" for as long as needed and use every tool at its disposal to fight deflation, comments that softened the euro and bolstered the greenback's appeal.
"Monetary policy will remain accommodating for a long time and I can tell you that the Governing Council is unanimous in committing itself to using the tools at its disposal to bring inflation back to just under 2%," Draghi said.
"Interest rates will remain low because they can't get much lower," he added.
The ECB unexpectedly cut rates to record lows this month in a bid to address slowing inflation.
Elsewhere, Germany's Ifo business confidence index deteriorated for the fifth successive month in September.
The Ifo economic institute's business climate index fell to 104.7 from 106.3 in August. It was the lowest level since April 2013 and much weaker than economists' forecasts for 105.7.
The data added to fears that the euro zone's largest economy is losing momentum.
The dollar was up against the yen, with USD/JPY up 0.09% at 109.00, and up against the Swiss franc, with USD/CHF up 0.58% at 0.9452.
The yen saw some support and even strengthened against the dollar briefly after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe voiced concerns over the economic impact of recent weakness in the yen.
Prime Minister Abe reportedly said that the weaker yen had both positive and negative impacts and that he wanted to carefully watch the impact of yen weakness on regional economies and on small and mid-sized companies.
The greenback was up against the pound, with GBP/USD down 0.30% at 1.6340.
The dollar was mixed against its cousins in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, with USD/CAD down 0.10% at 1.1066, AUD/USD up 0.42% at 0.8877 and NZD/USD up 0.25% at 0.8070.
The dollar index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, was up 0.40% at 85.15.
On Thursday, expect markets to move on U.S. durable goods orders and weekly jobless claims numbers.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Gold falls as dollar gains on upbeat U.S. housing dataSep 25, 2014, 12.05 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold falls as dollar gains on upbeat U.S. housing data
Gold falls as dollar gains on upbeat U.S. housing data
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold falls as dollar gains on upbeat U.S. housing data
Gold falls as dollar gains on upbeat U.S. housing data
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold futures fell on Wednesday after the greenback advanced on news that far more new homes were sold in the U.S. last month than expected.
Gold and the greenback tend to trade inversely with one another.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures for December delivery traded at 1,217.60 a troy ounce during U.S. trading, down 0.36%, up from a session low of $1,216.30 and off a high of $1,226.70.
The December contract settled up 0.34% at $1,222.20 on Tuesday.
Futures were likely to find support at $1,208.80 a troy ounce, Monday's low, and resistance at $1,237.00, Tuesday's high.
The Census Bureau reported earlier that U.S. new home sales data rose 18.0% last month to 504,000 units, far surpassing expectations for a 4.4% gain to 430,000 units. New home sales for July were revised to a 1.9% increase from a previously estimated 2.4% drop.
Separately, the Department of Energy reported earlier that crude stockpiles plunged by 4.3 million barrels last week, confounding market calls for a build of 386,000, which further stoked expectations that the U.S. economy is improving as evidenced by its demand for fuel and energy.
Wednesday's data came a day after a report showed that the U.S. manufacturing sector expanded in September close to market expectations, which fueled already growing expectations that the Federal Reserve may hike interest rates sooner than markets have previously expected.
In October, the Federal Reserve is expected to close its monthly bond-buying program and then begin raising benchmark interest rates some time in 2015.
Meanwhile, silver for December delivery was down 0.55% at $17.682 a troy ounce, while copper futures for December delivery were up 0.63% at $3.054 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

SBI  ICICI allow kids to operate bank accountsSBI  ICICI allow kids to operate bank accounts
SBI approves share splitSBI approves share split
Coalgate: SC verdict makes banking sector nervousCoalgate: SC verdict makes banking sector nervous
Govt to get Rs 80 000 cr as SC levies fine on coal mined from cancelled blocksHi Guest
Govt to get Rs 80,000 cr as SC levies fine on coal mined from cancelled blocks
rnment is set to be richer by Rs 80,000 crore as according to the Supreme Court's order, all the 40 operational blocks which have been given six months time to wind up their operations, are to pay a fine of Rs 295 per tonne on the quantity of coal ...

Apple Inc stops iOS 8 update for iPhonesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wife Of ISIS Hostage Receives Recording Of Husband Pleading For His LifeWife Of Alan Henning Receives Audio File Of Husband Pleading For His Life
Posted:
reddit
The wife of a British hostage held by the Islamic State militant group in Syria said that she had received an audio recording of her husband pleading for his life, the BBC reported on Tuesday.
The extremist group threatened to kill Alan Henning, a 47-year-old taxi driver from Eccles, in a video showing the beheading of another British captive , David Haines, earlier this month.
"An audio file of Alan pleading for his life has just been received by me," Henning's wife Barbara said in a statement. "Islamic State continue to ignore our pleas to open dialogue," she continued.
Earlier this week, Barbara Henning had publicly called on the militants to release her husband. Henning, a British aid worker kidnapped in Syria in December, had travelled to the country to "help his Muslim friends," his wife said in the latest statement.
"We are at a loss why those leading Islamic State cannot open their hearts and mind to the facts surrounding Alan's imprisonment and why they continue to threaten his life."
The full statement was posted on Twitter by Guardian journalist Josh Halliday:
Full statement from the wife of British Isis hostage Alan Henning: pic.twitter.com/ULQoEp8Q23
More from the Associated Press:
LONDON (AP) — The wife of a British aid worker held hostage in Syria by the Islamic State group said Tuesday she has received an audio message from him pleading for his life.
Alan Henning, a 47-year-old former taxi driver, was kidnapped in December in Syria, shortly after crossing into the country from Turkey in an aid convoy.
His wife, Barbara, said she has been told that he had been to a Sharia court, and that he was found innocent of being a spy.
"I implore Islamic State to abide by the decisions of their own justice system. Please release Alan," she said in a statement issued on her behalf by Britain's Foreign Office.
She did not provide details about the audio message or the court hearing.
The Islamic State group, which has released online videos showing the beheading of two American journalists and another British aid worker, has threatened to kill Henning next.
Barbara Henning stressed that her husband was working with Muslims to help vulnerable people in Syria.
"We are at a loss why those leading Islamic State cannot open their hearts and minds to the facts surrounding Alan's imprisonment and why they continue to threaten his life," she wrote.
Tuesday's statement was the second message she released urging for the release of her husband. On Saturday, she pleaded for the militants to respond to her attempts to make contact with her "before it is too late."
She has said that the aid worker was driving an ambulance loaded with food and water at the time of the kidnapping.
Earlier Tuesday, Henning's brother-in-law said he feared that U.S.-led air strikes against the extremist group could make it harder to find and rescue the hostage.
"It does scare me. Because if they're going to do air strikes on them, they'll just run away," he told ITV News. "They'll take him with them and no one will know where he is again."
His family's appeals came after dozens of Muslim leaders in Britain also urged the Islamic State group to release Henning.
More:

Is SC s  breathing time  for cos to point fingers at UPALike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Is SC's 'breathing time' for cos to point fingers at UPA?
CNBC-TV18’s Menaka Doshi discusses various implications on coal block de-allocation with Latha Venkatesh and Nigel D Souza.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
The Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled 214 of the 218 coal blocks allocated by the successive governments since 1993. In addition, the companies awarded coal licences have been granted six months to wind up their operations.
The current operators can continue with their operations until March 31 and they have to pay Rs 295 per tonne for all the coal that they have mined after that CIL takes over till the mines are auctioned.
Discusses various implications on coal block de-allocation, CNBC-TV18’s Menaka Doshi feels this was a logical conclusion of what the earlier judgement said because if it found every single allocation arbitrary, then the logical conclusion to that would be - for every single allocation to be cancelled including those with the state government, as both the acts in play do not provide for allocation of coal blocks to state governments or provide for allocation of blocks to companies that have end use projects in cement, steel and power.
There will be some commercial impact specific to some companies but this would have been minimised because operations will continue for the next 6 months, so disruptions to power or production of steel, cement etc will again be minimised. If there were two decades of illegal or arbitrary allocation, there would be some commercial impact when you try to right a wrong of this nature but it is a minimal commercial impact.
The Supreme Court has this time put a commercial wisdom and the economy at the centre of its decision-making, making it an important takeaway, she adds.
The Supreme Court has asked for 46 companies that have operating blocks to file replies within 6 months. Are they going to listen to what these companies have to say over the next 6 months at all? Is the Supreme Court making any room for these companies to approach the court and say the arbitrary allocations were done on behalf of successive governments? We applied, we got a block, how are we to be blamed for what has gone on by government over the last two decades. So, do they have one more chance of being heard in any fashion without this being a review petition? I would still leave it open unless we get some more information.
The two acts that are in play right now, the Mining and Mineral Development (Regulation) Act and the Coal Act, none of these envisage the state government of having a role in determining with the exception of participating in the screening committee meetings. The curious part of these allocations were that in successive screening committee meetings, the states made recommendations for blocks to be allocated to certain entities and blocks were allocated to altogether different entities. So, there is no place in the law for blocks to be allocated directly to state government but state governments have a role in recommending who should get blocks, that was as per the previous situation. Since then we have moved to an auction process in coal thereby now changing the situation.
It will now be up to the government to devise a new method that could be an auction linked method to determine who should be the new owners of these blocks. There was one request or one suggestion that Prashant Bhushan had made the first time round and he represents one of the petitioners in this case, he said that if these parties who are about to lose their coal blocks feel aggrieved what the government could do was allow them a right of first refusal when it came to the auction process. However, there is no clarity yet is the Supreme Court has put any directions to the Centre or left it entirely upto the Centre to determine how the reallocation process should work from hereon.
RELATED NEWS

Experts laud SC coal verdict  eye reallocation timelineLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Experts laud SC coal verdict, eye reallocation timeline
Anil Singhvi, Managing Director, Ican Investment Advisors giving a  thumps-up to the SC decision says everything that is illegal is illegal.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
The Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2008. Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint ventures, have been spared. Those exempted from this verdict include allocations to  NTPC ,  SAIL and Sasan UMPP. However, it could prove as a setback to players like  JSPL and Hindalco
Anil Singhvi, Managing Director, Ican Investment Advisors and Rakesh Arora, HOR - India, Macquarie Capital Securities and Giriraj Daga, Sr Research Analyst, Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities spoke to CNBC-TV18 on the impact of SC decision on the industry and stocks per se.
Anil Singhvi, Managing Director, Ican Investment Advisors giving a  thumps-up to the SC decision says everything that is illegal is illegal. There is parity in the matter.
The Supreme Court has said that this order will become operational after six months, but inquiry into coal block allocation case is likely to continue.
on the six months period, Singhvi says, "The SC relies upon the preparedness of the government and allowed six months period. So it is the least disruptive. I don’t think ever a power plant or for that matter any steel plant would have any problem of availability of coal based on this judgement."
Rakesh Arora, HOR - India, Macquarie Capital Securities, the decision was on expected lines but all eyes will be on how soon the reauctioning gets done because that would help in restoring the confidence of the industry.
Stock specific, Arora believes JSPL will  be hugely impacted because not only will there be deallocation but the company also has to pay penalty which could amount to Rs 3000 crore. However, he feels there could be minimal impact on Hindalco.
Similarly, Daga also sees a minimal impact to Hindalco to the tune of Rs 600 core as a one-time hit.
Latha: Now that you know the decision, what do you think is the upshot for India Inc?
Singhvi: It is a very right decision taken by Supreme Court (SC). I don’t think SC would have been swayed by the fact that 46 operational blocks are already operational so they should be looked differently. Everything which is illegal is illegal.
According to me whatever they have done in last couple of years, there are more grievous allegations that they have infact taken advantage of that situation. So I did not fool myself that 46 will be taken differently. So I am very happy with the SC decision, there is parity in the matter.
Coming from my own industrial background I am not so concerned and worried with the kind of concerns that people have made out about the whole economy coming to a standstill and what will happen to the power projects which are based on these coal allocations. They knew it very well how these coal allocations were obtained in any case. This has been going on from the last two years, so they should have made alternative arrangements.
Now today to say that banking industry will suffer on account of it is a cruel joke by India Inc that banking industry has to look after this or the nation will suffer on account of this. I don’t buy it. In fact if the power producers cannot find coal, I think according to me all these power plants should be auctioned.
Latha: How long does the process of re-auction takes place, at the optimist best when do we see the first coal block getting auctioned and bought?
Singhvi: I was expecting almost similar kind of a judgement because I think Supreme Court thought it through very clearly and your point that whether there will be a review petition, based on this judgement no other bench would ever even entertain a review because it has been a very thoughtful judgement.
Six months time is a very good time because government gave an affidavit last time saying very clearly that we will have no objection if you cancel all blocks and we will go ahead and auction these blocks. So that showed the preparedness of the government. The SC relies upon the preparedness of the government and allowed six months period. So it is the least disruptive. I don’t think ever a power plant or for that matter any steel plant would have any problem of availability of coal based on this judgement. You cannot blame the judgement for any of their problem.
Secondly, if the bankers have taken a knock or wrap on the knuckle, they deserve because more often than not I have seen bankers not doing their job properly in looking at how the natural resources are allocated to a particular project and they have just gone by way of having a piece of paper produced written on government of India paper and have lent money. If they don’t learn how to lend money, I am sure these kinds of NPAs are bound to happen on that.
The third point is that from April 1, the same companies can participate in an auction, which is going to be open and transparent and I am sure in six months time, Piyush Goyal is going to do a good job because he was the one who talked so much about it when he was in opposition criticising the government, now ball is in his court and I am sure he is quite confident and capable person to demonstrate to the country at large that yes, we were opposing this that this kind of allocation should not have been done.
Here is a very open transparent method of auctioning. So I am fairly clear that Modi government will deliver particularly on this aspect much more than what everyone has expected.
Latha: All coal blocks deallocated and will have to be reauctioned, what are your thoughts?
Arora: The writing was on the wall after the Supreme Court (SC) termed them illegal. It was expected that this is going to happen. All eyes will be on government, how fast they can act and reauction these coal blocks because there are lot of issues which need to be tackled. If the government can really come out fast on this, then the confidence can be restored again. Otherwise it is a huge dent into the industry confidence.
Latha: What are your thoughts in terms of stock wise impact; would it lessen?
Arora: Obviously the impact is more than what we thought in the worst case scenario because not only the mines are getting de-allocated, they also have to pay the penalty for all the coal they have used in the last few years. So, for a company like Jindal Steel & Power the penalty would amount to around Rs 3,000 crore plus they will have to bid in auction which will entail further cost if they want to keep these mines together. So overall the impact is limited to the companies which are involved here and it is not going to be contagious or falling over to the economy per se and let’s hope government is able to resolve or come out with guidelines on auction in the six month period so that production etc is not disrupted in the interim.
So, I would say that from the listed companies JSPL is definitely very much impacted but if you do a replacement cost also the worst case comes at around Rs 220 per share. The stock has already fallen well beyond it and once people understand the numbers etc I don’t really see too much of downside for Jindal Steel & Power from here on.
Nigel: You were telling us that the worst case scenario for Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) should be around Rs 220. What about Hindalco because that stock can move all the way to around Rs 150 and now it has bounced back up? So what is the worst case scenario for Hindalco post this verdict?
Arora: Hindalco has already corrected from Rs 175-180 and largely building in. It's not more to do with their current operations but more to do with prospective operations. However, still they can bid and the penalty for them is very small amount. So it’s a negligible impact for them on the current operations and hopefully auction process will allow them to gain captive resources in another six-eight months time. So won't worry too much about Hindalco.
One of the points I want to make here is on the power space. This whole auction process etc is going to make coal costlier and power rates in the country are also likely to go up. While we might be doing the calculation on the coal side and coming out with worst case assumption but power rates will also improve and the impact may not be as much as what we are kind of calculating right now.
Nigel: What's the impact you're seen on Hindalco and also Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) and lastly tell us what is the impact on Coal India because currently it up close to around 4.5 percent?
Daga: Hindalco we are estimating about Rs 600 crore of one time hit. And about Rs 300 crore annual hit that's on the EBITDA level which stands around 3 percent of the annual EBITDA. That's not a very material number and obviously ‘Mahan’ is out of the window so that can be another 3 percent on the future profitability. Mahan can also be close to Rs 300-350 crore. This is assuming that Coal India might supply them at linkage rates.
Nigel: What if  Coal India doesn't supply it at linkage rates because they have being struggling to supply current customers itself, so what if that's doesn't happen then what's the additional hit?
Daga: I am assuming that if mines are not auctioned at right time then it will go to Coal India.
RELATED NEWS

Coal scam: JSPL dives 10%  Coal India & Rel Power rally 5%Sep 24, 2014, 05.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coal scam: JSPL dives 10%, Coal India & Rel Power rally 5%
Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint venture operating blocks, have been spared. Those exempted from this verdict include allocations to NTPC, SAIL and Sasan UMPP. Shares of Coal India was up 4 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal scam: JSPL dives 10%, Coal India & Rel Power rally 5%
Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint venture operating blocks, have been spared. Those exempted from this verdict include allocations to NTPC, SAIL and Sasan UMPP. Shares of Coal India was up 4 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Jindal Steel and Power crashed around 14 percent intraday on Wednesday after the Supreme Court passed its verdict in the coal scam. The SC has de-allocated 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993. Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint venture operating blocks, have been spared.
The court has cancelled category-1 coal blocks stating there is no reason to save these blocks and allocation arbitrary. The Attorney general has said that a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne will be imposed on all cancelled block holders and ordered companies to stop production on March 31, 2015
Though the order will become operational from April 1, 2015 the SC has given six month period given for government to make alternate arrangements. It has also said that the government is free to auction cancelled blocks post March 2015.
Rakesh Arora, Research Head (India) Macquarie Capital Securities feels that JSPL may have to cough up over Rs 3,000 crore as penalty and will have to bid in auction which will entail further cost if they want to keep these mines together.
“If you do a replacement cost also the worst case comes at around Rs 220 per share. The stock has already fallen well beyond it and once people understand the numbers etc I don’t really see too much of downside for Jindal Steel & Power from here on,” he said in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
According to Arora, impact on Hindalco is going to be minimal as it is very small proportion of their operations but it will have to bid in auction for upcoming projects.
Losers

SC s ruling on coal blocks a bit harsh: AssochamSep 24, 2014, 06.37 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SC's ruling on coal blocks a bit harsh: Assocham
"Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown," Assocham President Rana Kapoor said reacting on the ruling of the apex court.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SC's ruling on coal blocks a bit harsh: Assocham
"Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown," Assocham President Rana Kapoor said reacting on the ruling of the apex court.
Post your opinion here
 
Terming the Supreme Court's ruling cancelling 214 coal blocks as "a bit harsh", industry body Assocham today said it will lead to higher imports.
"Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown," Assocham President Rana Kapoor said reacting on the ruling of the apex court.
In a blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
"Being largely dependent on the thermal power, it is the coal which fires the economic growth, which will be halted, besides, the dependence on coal imports will increase," he said.
He expressed the hope that the government gets about announcing new system of allocation of coal blocks with great speed.
RELATED NEWS

FIIs upbeat on India; see Sensex at 30000 by year-end: IIFL08:00 pm
Prime Minister Modi is getting ready to hard-sell India to investors in the US, and IIFL says he won't have a tough job on his hands. IIFL is also confident that the Sensex could well hit 30,000 by the year end. Speaking to CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan from the sidelines of India Investment Forum in New York, Prabodh Agarwal, R Venkataraman of India Infoline and Brij Jairath, MD, Wealth Mgmt & Brokerage Svcs said that foreign investors continue to remain upbeat on India , but the pace at which reforms are being executed is a bit of worry.
Below is the excerpt from the interview
Q: Are foreign investors still upbeat about the India story?
Venkataraman: The feeling we are getting from ground zero is that investors are very excited about the India story. Indian economy is clearly on the upswing. The government is taking steps to kick start the economy, consumer confidence is coming back, business confidence is coming back. So, in a nutshell investors are quite excited about India.
What is disappointing them is the pace of action on ground level.  Some investors are asking questions about the actual steps taken by the government in contentious areas like land reforms, labour reforms, natural resource reform. Those are the questions that remain in the investors mind, but to summarise they are quite enthused about the India story.
Q: They are enthused but they are waiting for more policy action and more policy certainty. In that sense what is it going to mean for FII flows?
Venkataraman: In our opinion FII flows will continue unabated. That is simply because India is shining like a beacon of excellence around the globe. We are seeing earnings growth coming back to India. India is a large economy. We have a population of 120 crore. So, we have excellent demographics if you compare to rest of the developed world especially Europe which is having a negative demographics problem.
So, people are quite enthused about India.
Q: What is the sense that you are getting in terms of how the coal verdict by the Supreme Court is going to be seen or read by foreign institutional investors?
Agarwal: Foreign investors believe that the new government would be able to sort out many of the problems that India has been facing for many years. In a way this coal verdict is being seen as a cleansing process as you are saying. It is a short term negative for sure but the good thing is that the Supreme Court has allowed the mines to operate for the next 6 months within which the auctions would be held. So, I guess they would definitely find a way not to disrupt existing production and find way to auction and increase production over the next two-three years. So, it is definitely positive and investors are not too concerned about it.
RELATED NEWS

Mkts likely to see some corrections over next few days("I would look at the levels…)
In a chat with ET Now, Mitesh Thacker , Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com, shares his market outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: The news environment is noisy, the market breadth is horrible, flows are pathetic. But bulls have managed to defend 8000.
Mitesh Thacker: It was surprising to see how choppy it was. With the news flow coming in, there was immediate sell-off and then there was some kind of a recovery.
Choppiness typically does tend to happen when there are strong corrections in the bull market. We are possibly going through that phase and unless and until we start capturing 8050-8060 on the upside, there could be some more choppiness involved.
But the drift on the chart set-up does point towards very high probability of the index going on the downside. So, I would look at the levels of 7930 — which were recent lows — to be retested, possibly breached. I would look even at 7800-7820, which were the earlier breakout levels.
ET Now: How do you propose one should trade tomorrow?
Mitesh Thacker: I also have a suggestion or recommendation on HUL. That is a buy with a stop at 752, look for targets of around 785 in the short term. There is clearly a good breakout taking place over there. And a sell on Punjab National Bank with a stop at 940. Look for targets of roughly around 882 on the downside in the next few days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Turkey Signals Major Shift On ISISTurkey Mulls Military Role Against ISIS
Posted:
Updated:
11/23/2014  5:59 am EST
FILE - In this Aug. 30, 2014 file photo, Turkish War Academy students parade in Ankara, Turkey. Turkey is the big Muslim power that sits atop raging conflicts in Iraq and Syria, so it might be expected to take a leading role in the NATO coalition announced this month to take on the Islamic State group. Instead it told allies that it would stay quietly behind the scenes, keeping its soldiers out of combat operations and even declining to allow NATO to use its bases or territories to launch air at | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Tuesday he is considering expanding support for Western and Arab operations against the Islamic State group to include military involvement.
His comments Tuesday to Turkish reporters in New York mark a potential shift in Turkey's position on international efforts to fight the group, hours after the U.S. and Arab allies launched airstrikes against Islamic State  targets in Syria.
Erdogan spoke on the sidelines of an annual meeting of world leaders at the United Nations a day after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he expects a more robust role for Turkey in the fight against the Islamic State group after Ankara secured the release of 49 Turkish hostages that were being held by the extremist group.
Turkey, a U.S. ally and NATO member, has so far not committed to a U.S.-led coalition to take on the militants, who have swallowed large chunks of Syria and Iraq. It made commitments at various regional conferences to help in the effort against the Islamic State group, but help has been limited so far, Kerry said.
On Tuesday, Erdogan seemed to signal that might change.
"Of course, we will do our part. God willing, we will also discuss it together with our government," Erdogan told reporters according to Turkey's DHA news agency.
Asked what role Turkey was considering, he said: "It includes everything. Both military and political."
President Barack Obama was not scheduled to have a formal bilateral meeting with Erdogan in New York, though the leaders are likely to have some interaction on the sidelines of the session.
Turkey is a main backer of Syrian rebels trying to oust Syrian President Bashar Assad, and has allowed thousands of foreign fighters cross into Syria along their common border.
More:

PM Modi s  Make in India  Campaign: 10 Things to KnowYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
PM Modi's 'Make in India' Campaign: 10 Things to Know
NDTV | Updated On: September 24, 2014 20:28 (IST)
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will unveil his ambitious "Make in India" campaign on Thursday, with an aim to turn the country into a global manufacturing hub. The sales pitch for the ambitious plan will likely be made to the world's top 3,000 companies and comes just ahead of PM Modi's US visit, where he will be meeting CEOs of several Fortune 500 companies.
Here are 10 things to know about the "Make in India" campaign::
Top CEOs from India Inc, international industry leaders, ambassadors, ministers and government officials are likely to attend the launch. The campaign will target top companies across sectors in identified countries. It will also identify select domestic companies having leadership in innovation and new technology for turning them into global champions.(Read: Mukesh Ambani, Shashi Ruia Among Participants in 'Make in India' Programme )
Special arrangements have been made to publicise the event globally in different world capitals. At the same time, programmes will be held in state capitals and also Indian missions abroad, where officials are expected to engage with investors and consultants just as PM Modi addresses CEOs back home. (Read: PM Modi's 'Make in India' Push to Drive Investments, Create Jobs )
Business entities will be extended a red carpet welcome. The "Invest India" unit in the Commerce Ministry will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances.
The government is also closely looking into all regulatory processes with a view to making them simple and reducing the burden of compliance on investors.
A dedicated cell has been created to answer queries from business entities through a newly created web portal ( www.makeinindia.com ). The back-end support team of the cell would be answering specific queries within 72 hours.
The government has identified 25 key sectors in which India has the potential of becoming a world leader. PM Modi will be releasing separate brochures for these sectors along with a general brochure.
The brochures covering sectors like automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways among others will provide details of growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector specific FDI and other policies and related agencies.
The campaign is aimed to transform the economy from the services-driven growth model to labour-intensive manufacturing-driven growth. This will help in creating jobs for over 10 million people, who join the workforce every year.
It aims to attract foreign companies to set up factories in India and invest in the country's infrastructure. The new government has liberalised defense manufacturing and insurance sectors to attract FDI, but analysts say the government needs to do much more to attract foreign capital.
The initiative has its origin in the PM Modi's Independence Day speech where he gave a clarion call to "Make in India" and "Zero Defect; Zero Effect" policy.
(With inputs from agencies)
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 18:23 (IST)

Modi euphoria makes India overpriced: David BondermanModi euphoria makes India overpriced: David Bonderman
Reuters | Hong Kong Sep 24, 2014 10:43 PM IST
Global private equity firm TPG Capital's founding partner David Bonderman said the election of Narendra Modi as India's prime minister had contributed to overpriced buyouts, and warned the new leader may not be able to solve all of the nation's ills.
Bonderman said that while Modi's election was positive for India, the boost in public markets had a knock-on impact on private equity deals.
"There are times when places like India are cheap. That isn't the case now, so we have to be cautious," Bonderman said at the annual SuperReturn private equity conference in Hong Kong on Wednesday.
"In India, the public markets are ahead of themselves, as they often are in India. It tends to be the case that prices follow the public markets in India, and they get out of control as they are at the moment, due in part to Modi euphoria," said Bonderman.
TPG was one of the first global private equity firms to enter Asia, opening a Shanghai office in 1994. It employs around a dozen full-time employees in India and is invested in Shriram City Union Finance and Shriram Properties, among others.
Bonderman said after the euphoria, there will be a period of disenchantment as people realise the limits of what Modi can fix. "Most of what ails India can't be fixed by one man and a federal system," he said.
Bonderman pointed to the country's power sector as an example of problems the country faces.
UBS turns more selective on Indian mid-caps
Investment bank UBS turned more selective on Indian mid-caps, saying valuations relative to large caps were at historical highs. UBS cut Cholamandalam Investment and Finance and Info Edge India to 'neutral' from 'buy'. It downgraded TTK Prestige to 'sell' from 'neutral'.
"So India is way underpowered and they can't get their act together to figure out how much they're charging for coal and how much they're charging for natural gas, and definitely you can't get anybody building power plants," said Bonderman.
"Mr Modi can't fix that overnight. Maybe over a decade," he added.
Bonderman declined to comment when asked on the sidelines if TPG was considering an IPO, but did confirm that the firm remained open, but cautious, about the possibility.

Banks stare at uncertainty over Rs 60 000-cr exposureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sena  BJP may seal the deal today; smaller allies on boardComments
With just three days left for filing of nominations, the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was struggling to reach a consensus on sharing seats, though chances for a resolution brightened late on Wednesday.
Smaller allies who were unhappy with meagre number of seats offered, later softened and said they would be satisfied with 14. “We are ready to accept 14 seats instead of 18 to keep the alliance intact,” said the RSP’s Mahadev Jankar late on Wednesday.
Following this, the two major allies will work out their seat-sharing. If the Sena retains 150 or 151, the BJP will have to be happy with 123 or 124 seats. The details were still being discussed at the time of going to press.
BJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
In the rival camp, the Congress and the NCP were finding it difficult to work out a pact. This follows the NCP’s demand for sharing the chief ministership for two and a half years each, if the alliance returns to power.
Read: Minor allies want more seats, BJP-Sena talks deadlocked again
After the smaller allies threatened to quit the alliance saying they were getting a raw deal, the Sena-BJP tried to placate them with some additional seats as well as promises of a share in power.
Three of the smaller allies — the Swabhimaan Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), the Shiv Sangram, and the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP) -- accused the Sena-BJP of sacrificing them for their own interests. Things took a serious turn on Wednesday as the allies threatened to quit the Mahayuti (grand alliance) and form a parallel alliance to contest elections. They said the decision of the Sena-BJP to reduce their share considerably from the original 18 was a betrayal. “They conveniently used us [in the Lok Sabha polls] and are now dumping us,” said SSS leader Sadabhau Khot.
The delay in pacifying the smaller allies was also because of one-upmanship between the Sena and the BJP. While the Sena stood on prestige and said it would not contest less than 151 seats, the BJP put pressure for five more seats. Through the day, the BJP encouraged smaller allies to push the Sena for more seats.
There was a series of meetings but consensus could not be worked out. Shiv Sena sources said Uddhav Thackeray told leaders of the smaller alliance parties that he had already parted with 18 seats from the 169 that his party had contested in 2009 and that now it was between them and the BJP. After its meeting with smaller allies, the BJP said talks were going on in a positive note. “We will not let down the allies. The talks are going on well,” said Devendra Phadnavis, state BJP chief.
Meanwhile, the negotiations in the ruling camp came to a standstill with NCP going into a huddle and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan leaving for his home constituency Karad for the day. It is believed that the Congress through informal channels conveyed its offer of 124 seats plus another 4 seats (where the party has not won in the last 3 elections). Sources in the party said that it was waiting for the NCP to get back.
Read: Amit Shah's Mumbai visit cancelled amid seat sharing impasse
The NCP had upped its demand for 144 seats by also staking claim on the CM post for two and a half years if the alliance came to power. The partners may stitch together an agreement by Thursday with the NCP contesting 128 to 130 seats.
Meanwhile, the parties are likely to start releasing lists of candidates on Thursday except for the seats in dispute with their allies. It is also likely that several sitting MLAs will be asked by their parties to file nominations without waiting for the official list. For instance, the NCP’s minister of state Sachin Ahir and spokesperson Nawab Malik are the key leaders who will file their nominations.
Meanwhile, BJP national president Amit Shah will be coming to the city on Thursday for a function at Uttan.

Jihadis embarrass FranceFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

French PM left red faced after Jihadis have to wait for police after handing themselves inFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Make in India uphill task for PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Centres plan to divest 5% in SAIL put on hold on weak share priceCentre’s plan to divest 5% in SAIL put on hold on weak share price
Arup Roychoudhury , Ankit Doshi | Mumbai, New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 25 2014, 01:19  IST
Sep 25 2014, 01:19  IST
 

US stocks rally after strong housing reportUS stocks rally after strong housing report
By AFP | 25 Sep, 2014, 03.13AM IST
US stocks finished with solid gains as a strong housing report helped equities regain territory after losses earlier this week.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW YORK: US stocks on Wednesday finished with solid gains as a strong housing report helped equities regain territory after losses earlier this week.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 154.19 points (0.90 percent) to 17,210.06.
The broad-based S&P 500 rose 15.53 (0.78 percent) to 1,998.30, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 46.53 (1.03 percent) to 4,555.22.
The Commerce Department reported that sales of new single-family houses surged 18 percent in August to an annual rate of 504,000, their fastest pace in more than six years.
The housing report "certainly helped this morning," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities.
"As has proven to be the case for the last 18 months, every pullback lasts a few days and people start buying stocks," James said.
Apple fell 0.9 percent as it halted the update for its iOS software powering the iPhone after users complained of bugs, including one that disabled cellular service. Buyers have also complained of bends in the bodies of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones when carried in trouser pockets.
Home-goods retailer Bed Bath & Beyond shot up 7.4 percent as its full-year earnings forecast came in at $5.00-$5.08, compared with analyst expectations of $5.01. Comparable sales in the second quarter rose 3.4 percent.
Wal-Mart Stores gained 2.0 percent after it unveiled a venture to offer no-fee electronic checking accounts aimed at customers without traditional bank accounts. Green Dot, a provider of pre-paid debit cards and Wal-Mart's partner in the service, shot up 24.4 percent.
Gilead Sciences gained 3.2 percent after announcing successful clinical trials of its tenofovir alafenamide treatment for HIV. The biotech company plans to submit regulatory applications for the medications in the US and European Union in the fourth quarter of 2014.
Other biotech companies, including Biogen (+4.2 percent) and Celgene (+3.3 percent), also rose.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International bolted 6.9 percent higher as it said it expects third-quarter earnings and revenues to be above prior forecasts. The company also released a letter to Allergan offering to "take the temperature down" over its unsolicited offer to buy the Botox maker.
Allergan, which has fought the deal, rose 4.2 percent. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year US Treasury rose to 2.57 percent from 2.54 percent Tuesday, while the 30-year increased to 3.28 percent from 3.25 percent. Bond prices and yields move inversely.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Coalgate: Top 5 stocks that may take a hitTop five stocks that may take a hit post Supreme Court order on coal blocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 04.32PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(The Supreme Court quashed…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday pronounced the final judgment on coal blocks that were allotted since 1993 to various private and government companies in the power, metal and cement sectors.
The Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks given out since 1993, but did not cancel four coal blocks out of 218 which were declared illegal. Those coal blocks which are government run non-JV allotments were spared.
The apex court The Supreme Court has announced the final verdict on this case, and the outcome seems to be more adverse than the mkt had expected, terming the allocation as "arbitrary", say analysts.
"Not only have all mines been de-allocated (effective Apr 1, 2015) but also they will have to pay a penalty for the production so far," Citigroup said in a report.
The Supreme Court did clear some bit of uncertainty but the verdict will still remain an overhang on the sector for some more time, say experts.
"I believe that the uncertainty will still continue because the companies have the option to litigate against this judgement. Also, the penalty which has been imposed might be arbitrary, according to the companies," said Abhisar Jain, Centrum Broking.
"The valuations will need to adjust after the auctions - at what value the coal blocks can be bought back and what happens to the end production after March 31," he added. We think that it will still be a wait-and-watch game and we have a negative stance on the metal sector.
We collated impact of SC order on various stocks across different sectors:
Jindal Steel & Power:
JSPL is among the stocks which are likely to get hit by the SC order. The stock has corrected nearly 10 per cent and in all likelihood may fall another 5 per cent in next couple of weeks.
Three coal blocks to get de allocated and analysts say that the fair value JSPL could fall to below Rs 200/share. The penalty amount is estimated at about Rs 3000 crore. On the operating front, EBIDTA could be hit by 46 per cent from FY16.
Citigroup says that there could be a one-time hit of Rs 20-30 billion due to penalty levied by Supreme Court.
Hindalco Industries Ltd:
Analysts do not expect too much fall in Hindalco Industries . However, the company will lose three coal blocks. Operational Block: Talabira I and not Operational: Mahan coal Block, Talabira II Coal Block.
The fair value for Hindalco will be about Rs 135/share and the penalty amount is estimated at about Rs 500-600 crore.
Coal India Ltd:
Coal India will actually benefit from the Supreme Court order. After six month time, Coal India will take over these mines till re-auctions happen, to avoid disruption in production.
Current operations to continue till Mar 31, 2014. Re-auction process will be initiated in this period, but if the process is not completed by then, Coal India will take over those mines till re-auction is completed.
"If Coal India is really going to take over these mines, then post auction of the mines, things will become clearer. So, for now, it could be slightly positive for Coal India, because they will get some additional volumes if they have to take care of it," said Piyush Jain, Analyst , Morningstart .
NTPC:
NTPC has a costless model and none of the coal blocks are operational for NTPC. So their operations remain unaffected. So, all the operational cost including the fuel are a complete pass through. So life does not change for NTPC even after the order.
Banks with exposure to Power/mining sector in focus:
According to experts, the Supreme Court order is negative for banks especially PSU banks which have exposure to power companies.
"Banking sector has nearly Rs 368 billion of credit exposure to mining sector (we don't have the precise figures for coal, but coal would be about ~50% of mining) which translates to 0.6 per cent of system wide credit," Enam Securities said in a report.
"PNB has highest exposure at 2.6 per cent of total advances (including non-fund based) to mining sector whereas Canara Bank has 12.6 per cent exposure to energy sector," added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Priyanka sends legal notice to The Sunday GuardianPriyanka sends legal notice to The Sunday Guardian
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 19:04 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:28 IST(25/9/2014)
Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on Wednesday served legal notices to The Sunday Guardian and other publications for stating that she and her husband were giving their son up for adoption to her brother Rahul Gandhi.
Advertisement
She has threatened criminal and civil action against the publications for “defaming and damaging” her minor son Rehan, whom she feels “duty bound to protect”.
In its July 20 report, The Sunday Guardian had claimed that Priyanka and her husband were giving their son up for adoption to Rahul to enable him to use the Gandhi surname.
“To allege that a parent would willingly pass his/her child on to someone else as if he were an object devoid of emotion is morbid enough, but to ascribe to it the intention of perpetuating some sort of dynastic political aspiration is even more sickening. This pernicious falsehood is clearly aimed at causing deep offence to my family and is an unacceptable aspersion on my motherhood and on my character,” the notice read.
When contacted, an official from The Sunday Guardian, requesting anonymity, said they were “not aware of any such statement” by Priyanka “more than two months after the publication of the article”. Congress sources said Priyanka, who earlier chose to ignore attacks on her family members, has now decided to take head on any such attempts.
Last month, Priyanka had dismissed reports suggesting that she would take up an important post in the Congress party.

GroupM  Google join hands to launch mega sal...Diwali
(Google collaborates…)
MUMBAI: They are now in talks to rope in a top e-commerce company to partner the event and provide logistics support, officials of the two firms said. While GroupM will bring in the brands that will sell their products on the website, Google will help with the technology for the shopping festival that will run for three weeks starting October 1.
"Grand Diwali Mela is taking offline festive experiences online," CVL Srinivas, chief executive officer at GroupM South Asia, said. "It will allow users to window shop, browse merchandise and, in some cases, sample products as well, just like your local mela," he added. Rajan Anandan, country head at Google India, said people can join the festival through their mobile phones. "This will be first of its kind initiative to kick off the festive season in India. Our teams are very excited about this and we are sponsoring the effort that will be accessible across all kinds of devices, including mobile phones," he said.
The festival site will have all kinds of categories including real estate, automobiles, consumer durables, electronics, FMCG products, music and entertainment. A number of FMCG brands will sample their new food and beverage products through the website, officials said.
The real estate segment will provide information on new properties including layout plans and facilitate site visits. Similarly, people interested in cars and bikes can get details of different models and schedule test drives on the site. GroupM and Google are in the process of signing on brands — including those that Group M does not handle — to participate in the event. "Through this initiative we are trying to help brands graduate to the virtual world," GroupM's Srinivas said.
GroupM has already ideated and created an advertising campaign to promote the Grand Diwali Mela across different media platforms including TV, radio, print, internet and social media. Officials said that if the Diwali festival proves a success, than they will host similar events around other major festivals and occasions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CIL likely to take charge of 40 coal minesGovernment to auction coal blocks within 6 months; CIL likely to take charge of 40 mines
ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 04.54AM IST
Tags:
Coal India
(The coal ministry official…)
NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: The government will auction coal blocks within six months to raise output and is likely to ask Coal India to take charge of the 40 operational captive coal mines.
Coal blocks, which have acquired land and obtained regulatory clearances, will be auctioned first. However, the government will have to work out ways to compensate the present captive coal block owners for the blocks and modalities to take the land back from the companies, a senior coal ministry official said. Coal minister Piyush Goyal was unavailable for comments but sources said he apprised the Cabinet of the impact of the judgement during Wednesday's meeting.
The coal ministry official said it will be easy to auction five de-allocated coal mines that were expected to begin production this financial year. The five mines are Mandla North of Jaiprakash Associates, Sial Ghoghri of Prism Cement, Toksisud North of GVK Power, Bicharpur of Madhya Pradesh State Mining Corporation and Kharga Joydev of Damodar Valley Corporation.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled mining licences of 204 coal blocks and levied a retrospective penalty of Rs 295 per tonne on the mining companies. Former coal secretary Alok Perti said blocks can be cancelled and given to Coal India but it will be difficult for the company as it was never interested in mining these blocks. He said CIL will have to start from a scratch if private companies withdraw their machinery and labour from the mines.
A Coal India director said the company will have to make additional arrangements for blocks that are allocated to it. "We need to check what kind of transfer in ownership will be offered to us," he said. "In case it is an ad-hoc transfer of ownership, we need to organise resources temporarily, so that these producing blocks can be handled. Even if we are handed over these operating mines on a temporary basis, we will have to organise for the statutory posts for operating them."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama: Climate Change Will  Define The Contours Of This CenturyObama: Climate Change Will 'Define The Contours Of This Century' Like Nothing Else
Posted:
reddit
While referencing other major challenges facing the world -- including disease, economic inequality and the threat of terrorism -- President Barack Obama declared climate change to be the "one issue that will define the contours of this century more dramatically than any other" at a United Nations summit Tuesday afternoon.
Climate change, Obama said, is an "urgent and growing threat," and it "is changing faster than our efforts to address it."
"The alarm bells keep ringing. Our citizens keep marching," he said. "We cannot pretend we don't hear them. We have to answer the call."
In his remarks, Obama touted actions his administration has taken to address rising greenhouse gas emissions, including the release in June of draft rules limiting carbon emissions from power plants. He also announced a new executive order that directs federal agencies to consider climate change in their international development projects.
Obama said he met with Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli shortly before his address, and emphasized that as their countries are the two largest emitters, "we have a special responsibility to lead. It's what big nations have to do."
Obama's speech repeated that emphasis, arguing that a new global agreement -- which negotiators are working to complete by the end of 2015 -- should include commitments from all nations. "We can only succeed in combating climate change if we are joined by every nation, developed and developing alike. Nobody gets a pass," Obama said. "It is those emerging economies that are likely to produce more and more carbon emissions in the years to come. Nobody can stand on the sidelines on this issue."
In separate remarks, China's vice premier Zhang reiterated the country's commitment to cutting its carbon intensity by 40 to 45 percent by 2020, and to increasing the share of non-fossil fuels in use there. He also said China would announce "as soon as we can" any additional actions it will take to cut emissions after the year 2020. And while he did not offer a more specific timeline, he said China "will also try to bring about the peaking of total CO2 emissions as early as possible."
Zhang emphasized that an agreement reached at the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change meeting in 2015 should "uphold common but differentiated responsibilities" for developed and developing nations. "All countries need to follow a path of green and low-carbon development that suits their national conditions," he said.
Others at the climate summit criticized the U.S. and other developed nations for not putting more money into the Green Climate Fund, a pool of money created in 2009 to direct $100 billion to climate mitigation and adaptation work in poorer countries. Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda Gaston Browne said that he is "angry and frustrated" that only Germany had committed significant resources to the fund prior to Tuesday's meeting, while "others have been deafeningly silent." He added that it is "immoral" to demand that developing nations commit to cutting emissions while developed nations -- those with the responsibility for historic emissions -- have not contributed to the fund. (France, South Korea and others announced commitments to the fund on Tuesday.)
The New York summit is meant to build momentum for the UNFCCC meeting in Paris in 2015, when negotiators expect to complete a new global agreement on cutting planet-warming emissions. "Climate change is the defining issue of our age," said UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon at the opening of the meeting. "It is defining our present. Our response will define our future."
Also on HuffPost:

HDFC Life  EPFO and SBI Life buy a chunk of IFCs rupee bondsYou are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
HDFC Life, EPFO and SBI Life buy a chunk of IFC’s rupee bonds
Saikat Das, ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 06.13AM IST
Tags:
debt market
(IFC invested close to Rs 2,300 crore,…)
MUMBAI: HDFC Life Insurance along with SBI Life and the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) have lapped up India's first rupee-denominated onshore bonds issued by the International Finance Corporation (IFC), a unit of the World Bank.
This is the first such offering issued in the last decade. India's largest debt market investor EPFO has invested Rs 100 crore in 19-20 year maturities at about 9%, while private sector insurer HDFC Life and State Bank of India-owned SBI Life Insurance settled for Rs 150 and Rs 50 crore with 13-14-15-16 year maturities at 8.88%, three people familiar with the matter told ET.
Email and text messages sent to insurers seeking comment on the matter did not elicit any response till the time of going to press. An investment executive managing EPFO corpus, however, confirmed the development. It is not the quantum, but the interest rate from the triple-A rated international entity, which has triggered investment commitments from domestic investors. Those bonds are christened IFC Maharaja Bonds.
"With an unwritten support from the World Bank, IFC bond issues are sometimes perceived to be better credit quality than Indian sovereign securities," said Ajay Manglunia, senior vice-president, Edelweiss Financial Services.
"From this perspective, the current issue with longer maturities offering up to 9% looks very attractive," he said, adding that longer maturities tranches are especially good for domestic insurance and long-term investors. IFC will deploy the bond sale proceeds in infra projects in India over a period of time. Investors, who committed investments, will be issued fresh bonds as and when disbursement happens in those projects. The issuer is currently negotiating with different projects.
On Tuesday, they sold Rs 600 crore such bonds as part of their $2.5-billon programme to raise from India's domestic market in the next five years. About Rs 300 crore was earmarked for longer tenures. India needs over Rs 1 lakh crore investment in infrastructure by 2017, according to the 12th Five Year Plan, which will boost the country's growth.
IFC invested close to $380 million, or about Rs 2,300 crore, at current value to support the infrastructure sector in India during 2013-14. "This is perhaps after a very long period that IFC has given a positive spread over and above the sovereign bonds in any particular country. Normally, it prices it below sovereign rates," said one of the persons cited above. "IFC has taken a 15-year India government bond as benchmark while pricing the long-tenure bonds."
The government bonds maturing in 2028 are currently yielding at around 8.60%, 28-40 basis points above the IFC securities. "We take investment decisions faster than our rivals. Even though it is not a large amount, we couldn't afford to leave such an attractive rate with high credit quality," said the EPFO official, requesting anonymity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1uHOwyIEMAIL
(Getty Images)
After ESPN’s Bill Simmons seemingly dared his employer to punish him after blasting NFL commissioner Roger Goodell on his podcast Monday, ESPN has suspended Bill Simmons for three weeks. Simmons called Goodell a liar in a profane tirade on the B.S. Report, and in a statement, ESPN said that Simmons failed to meet the company’s journalistic standards.
Via ESPN :
“Every employee must be accountable to ESPN and those engaged in our editorial operations must also operate within ESPN’s journalistic standards. We have worked hard to ensure that our recent NFL coverage has met that criteria. Bill Simmons did not meet those obligations in a recent podcast, and as a result we have suspended him for three weeks.”
Simmons — who has previously been suspended from Twitter by ESPN — said he would go “public” if someone punished him for his comments on the Goodell.
“I really hope somebody calls me or emails me and says I’m in trouble for anything I say about Roger Goodell, because if one person says that to me, I’m going public. You leave me alone. The commissioner’s a liar and I get to talk about that on my podcast. Thank you.”
Following ESPN’s suspension, #FreeSimmons quickly became the top trend in the United States on Twitter, with thousands of people tweeting their support for the writer.
I can't believe @espn will suspend someone for speaking THE TRUTH about NFL #domesticviolence I support @BillSimmons #freesimmons

Bandhan Financial banks on PEs to raise Rs 2...Bandhan Financial Services in talks with PEs to sell 30% stake to raise RS 2400 crore
By Anita Bhoir & Sneha Shah, ET Bureau | 25 Sep, 2014, 06.11AM IST
Bandhan Financial Services plans to begin its banking journey next year with around 600 branches even as it plans to operate in rural and unbanked areas of the country.  
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Bandhan Financial, parent of start-up bank Bandhan, is in talks with global private equity funds to sell roughly 30% stake to raise $400 million (Rs 2,400 crore) for the new bank and expand its branches, three people with direct knowledge of the development said, valuing the firm at $1.3 billion, or Rs 7,930 crore.
According to two global private equity fund managers whose funds have been approached, IMs or Information Memo, a document laying out the basic terms and conditions of the deal, has been sent to top buyout funds such as TPG Capital , Kohlberg Kravis and Roberts ( KKR ), Warburg Pincus, Bain Capital and Barings Asia. PE funds, however, did not comment on the plan.
"Global buyout funds have been approached to purchase stake in the parent company of the upcoming Bandhan Bank," a managing director of a global private equity fund said. "The idea is to get not more than two PE funds on board who can pump in around$200 million each."
The Kolkata-based micro finance company has mandated investment bank Kotak Mahindra Capital to help it with the fund raising effort. Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, founder and chairman of Bandhan Financial Services, said in a telephonic interview that he was not aware of any fund-raising exercise.
The Reserve Bank of India had issued banking licence to Bandhan and IDFC to set up banks by October 2015. Bandhan, which had a gross loan portfolio of about Rs 5,700 crore until March 2014, operates in under-banked parts of India. Two-thirds of its 2,016 branches and three fourths of its loans are in WestBengal, Assam and Bihar.
Bandhan Financial Services plans to begin its banking journey next year with around 600 branches even as it plans to operate in rural and unbanked areas of the country.
"About 80% of our branches will be in the rural pockets," Ghosh had told ET in an earlier interaction. It aims to begin banking operations sometime in April or May next year. "We would like to start operations before this deadline," Ghosh added. As a micro-finance company, Bandhan has 55 lakh borrowers and Ghosh had said that it would need about 600-700 branches to service this existing clientele fromday one.
"The capital will be used to capitalise the bank and help it expand its branch network," an investment banker with knowledge of the development said. In the past,International Finance and India's Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) had invested in Bandhan.
"Through this transaction, the existing investors IFC and SIDBI will exit," another person involved in the deal said. For PE funds, partnering a financial institution that aims to set up a bank offers them an opportunity to get exposure to the high growth banking sector in India. According to RBI regulations, no single entity can hold more than 5% stake in an Indian bank and hence the capital is being raised by the parent, the investment banker quoted above said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Government defers decision on gas pricingGovernment defers decision on gas pricing
India  China serious about climate change  says UN officialIndia  China serious about climate change  says UN official
Asia Cheered by Wall Street Rebound  Dollar Resumes AdvanceAsia Cheered by Wall Street Rebound  Dollar Resumes Advance
Banks see no short-term impact of coal verdictBanks see no short-term impact of coal verdict
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher; F&O expiry eyedBSE
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Thursday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets ahead of September F&O expiry.
The market is likely to remain volatile as traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 23.50 points higher at 8035 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty remained highly volatile throughout the session and finally concluded the day with a loss of 15 points at 8002. The S&P BSE Sensex managed to close 31 points lower at 26744.69 on Wednesday.
As long as 7925 is held on Nifty as a support there may be a bounce back till 8030 and if the bounce extends then 8080 may also be tested.
"Nifty trades near a very important juncture on a positional basis, whether or not 7925 is respected as a support in coming few sessions would provide the cues for coming weeks," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"In case 7925 is protected and Nifty clears the resistance of 8160 then we may see it scale higher till 8229, else in an alternate scenario if 7925 is breached and Nifty also closes below 7850 then it would open up a possibility of a deeper correction in coming weeks," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks ended higher with the S&P 500 snapping a three-day losing streak and climbing back above a key technical level in a move that pointed to improving near-term momentum.
"The S&P posted its biggest one-day advance in more than a month and closed above its 14-day moving average, which it had ended under for the previous two sessions. The day's advance continues a long-running trend of investors buying on dips," Reuters reported.
On the macro front, new home sales jumped sharply in August, easing concerns over the sector stemming from Monday's weak report on existing home sales, added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.6 points, or 0.91 percent, to 17,211.47, the S&P 500 gained 15.65 points, or 0.79 percent, to 1,998.42 and the Nasdaq Composite added 46.53 points, or 1.03 per cent, to 4,555.22.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.49 per cent higher at 16,349 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.32 per cent higher at 23,998.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.32 per cent higher at 2,042 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.48 per cent higher at 2,354.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With 30 engagements on list  PM Modi heads for US todaySep 25, 2014, 08.00 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
With 30 engagements on list, PM Modi heads for US today
In his five-day trip to New York and Washington, Modi will have over 30 engagements. He is scheduled to hold meetings with US administration, Heads of state, businessmen and NRI community.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
With 30 engagements on list, PM Modi heads for US today
In his five-day trip to New York and Washington, Modi will have over 30 engagements. He is scheduled to hold meetings with US administration, Heads of state, businessmen and NRI community.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will start for his much anticipated five-day tour to the United States of America on Thursday. PM's delegation will leave at 4 pm.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has already reached the US.
In his five-day trip to New York and Washington, Modi will have over 30 engagements. He is scheduled to hold meetings with US administration, Heads of state, businessmen and NRI community.
Modi will meet four leading figures of the US administration, including President Barack Obama on September 29 and 30 when he is in Washington.
The Prime Minister will also meet US Vice President Joe Biden, who will host a lunch for him along with Secretary of State John Kerry. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel will also call on the PM on the same day.
Modi is also scheduled to meet former US president Bill Clinton and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton.
On September 27, Modi will address the United Nation General Assembly. "His participation in the UNGA is an affirmation to India's commitment to multi-lateralism. He will focus on issues of paramount importance including India's permanent membership of UN Security Council in his address to UNGA," the MEA said on Tuesday. Later in the day, Modi will pay homage to the 9/11 terror attack victims.
On September 30, Modi will pay homage at Lincoln Memorial, Martin Luther King Memorial and Mahatma Gandhi's statue in Washington.
Modi will also be meeting the President of Sri Lanka, Prime Minister of Bangladesh and Nepal during the trip. Modi, however, has no plans of meeting his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif.
RELATED NEWS

Boko Haram leader killed in clashes  claims Nigerian militaryBoko Haram leader killed in clashes  claims Nigerian military
US body comes out with PM Modi s 100-day reportUS body comes out with PM Modi s 100-day report
Facebook to Introduce New Advertising PlatformYou are here: Home Corporates
Facebook to Introduce New Advertising Platform
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 08:16 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Facebook Inc is set to unveil a new advertising platform to improve effectiveness of online ads, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday citing people with knowledge of the matter.
The product is a redesigned version of Atlas Advertiser Suite, an ad management and measurement platform that Facebook bought from Microsoft Corp last year.
It is expected to help marketers target Facebook users more effectively by measuring which users have seen, interacted or acted upon ads that appear on Facebook's services and on third-party websites and apps.
The product will also provide a tool for marketers to buy ads to target Facebook users across the Web.
Microsoft took on Atlas with its $6.3 billion acquisition of digital ad agency aQuantive in 2007. Unable to make it work for its own purposes, Microsoft wrote off $6.2 billion of the aQuantive deal's value in 2012.
The world's No.1 Internet social network, which lags behind market leader Google Inc in US market for online display ads, did not reveal how much it paid for the technology.
Facebook counts 1.5 million advertising customers and the company's ad business saw strong growth across all of its geographic regions, Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg told Reuters in July.
Mobile advertising revenue grew 151 per cent year-over-year, accounting for roughly 62 per cent of Facebook's overall ad revenue in the second quarter.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Philips to Split Off Lighting Business  Form Separate CompanyYou are here: Home Corporates
Philips to Split Off Lighting Business, Form Separate Company
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 12:53 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Amsterdam: Philips said on Tuesday it would break its 120-year-old company in two, creating a stand-alone lighting business and merge consumer and healthcare divisions into a 15-billion euro business.
The company said the new structure would bring cost savings of 100 million euros (128.46 million US dollar) next year and a further 200 million euros in 2016. It expects restructuring charges of 50 million euros from 2014 to 2016.
"I do appreciate the magnitude of the decision we are taking, but the time is right to take the next strategic step for Philips," chief executive Frans van Houten said.
The light bulb manufacturer established by Frits Philips expanded into a multinational electronics company that invented the compact disc. It has shifted to focus on healthcare and advanced lighting products.
Philips said its latest move would create two market-leading companies, HealthTech and Lighting, with both companies using the Philips brand.
Philips said it would move the 7-billion euro lighting solutions business into a separate legal structure and consider various options for "alternative ownership structures with direct access to capital markets."
In a revised outlook, Philips said adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITA) in the second half of 2014 were expected to be slightly below a year earlier.
In the healthcare business, core profit in the second half of 2014 is now expected to be lower than the reported core profit in the second half of 2013.
($1 = 0.7785 euro)

If newspaper headlines were really honestif newspaper headlines were really honest
Jack Ma of Alibaba Becomes China s Richest PersonSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Shanghai: The largest stock offer in history has made Jack Ma, founder of e-commerce giant Alibaba, China's richest person with a fortune of $25 billion, an annual wealth ranking in the world's second largest economy showed Tuesday.
"It has been an amazing year for China's best tycoons despite the jitters about the Chinese economy," said China-based luxury magazine publisher Hurun Report in its annual rich list.
Mr Ma reaped more than $800 million selling shares in the company he set up 15 years ago as Alibaba listed on the New York Stock Exchange Friday, based on company filings, with the value of his remaining stake of 7.8 per cent surging to more than $17 billion by Monday.
Last year, the estimated wealth of the former English teacher turned Internet entrepreneur was just over $4.0 billion, which did not even place him in the top 20.
Alibaba's listing raised a total of $25 billion.
But only one other Alibaba co-founder, now vice president of its China investment team Simon Xie, made the rich list, Hurun Report said.
Property tycoon Wang Jianlin, whose Wanda company bought US cinema chain AMC Entertainment, dropped to second place from first last year with a fortune of $24.2 billion as the deflating of China's real estate bubble chased most developers out of the top 10.
A new face, Li Hejun of renewable energy firm Hanergy, tied for third place with $20.8 billion, alongside beverage magnate Zong Qinghou of Wahaha.
Completing the top five was Pony Ma of Tencent, operator of China's most popular instant messaging application WeChat, with $18.1 billion.
Technology commanded half of the top 10. Robin Li of China's dominant search engine Baidu was sixth; Richard Liu of Alibaba competitor JD.com took ninth, and Lei Jun of upstart mobile phone producer Xiaomi was 10th.
Rounding out the top 10 were father and son team Yan Jiehe and Yan Hao of road-builder China Pacific Construction in seventh position and another real estate mogul, Yan Bin of Reignwood in eighth.
China's real estate and infrastructure industries have been hit by the slowing economy.
The economy grew an annual 7.7 per cent in 2013, the same as in 2012 -- which was the slowest rate of expansion since 1999. Gross domestic product growth was 7.5 in the second quarter this year.
Still, Hurun Report said the number of US dollar billionaires in China hit 354 this year, up 39 from last year.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 11:16 (IST)

Obama gets boost for coalition-building efforts against Islamic StateObama met Tuesday afternoon with a group that included representatives from the five Arab nations that participated in the overnight strikes.
Associated Press | New York | Posted: September 24, 2014 11:00 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 1:50 pm
For President Barack Obama , the participation of five Arab nations in airstrikes in Syria has shifted the tenor of his three-day diplomatic mission at the United Nations, allowing him to use the unexpected cooperation to mobilize other reluctant nations to join the fight against Islamic State militants.
It’s a marked change for a president who has been on the defensive about his ability to form a coalition and who had been expected to show up at the U.N. with few public commitments from allies around the world.
“The strength of this coalition makes it clear to the world that this is not America’s fight alone,” Obama said at the White House before departing for New York. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan and Bahrain all launched airstrikes alongside U.S. planes, with Qatar playing a supporting role.
Senior administration officials said the coalition was quietly solidified in recent days following Secretary of State John Kerry’s flurry of meetings with regional partners and Obama’s phone calls to the monarchs of Saudi Arabia and Jordan. Obama gave the go-ahead for the Pentagon to launch strikes in Syria for the first time last Thursday after being briefed by military leaders at U.S. Central Command in Tampa, Florida.
While officials said the timing of the strikes was not intended to coincide with the start of the annual U.N. gathering, the military action quickly became a focal point as Obama and other world leaders arrived in New York.
Obama met Tuesday afternoon with a group that included representatives from the five Arab nations that participated in the overnight strikes. After thanking them for their cooperation, he cautioned that the military foray into Syria “is obviously not the end of the effort but this is the beginning.”
Among the leaders who joined in the meeting was new Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who took office earlier this month. Obama and al-Abadi will also hold a one-on-one meeting Wednesday.
Kathleen Hicks, a former Pentagon official, said the Arab participation could galvanize other nations that have been wary of joining the effort.
“It really helps Europeans and others to see that it’s not just going to be perceived as just a Western action,” said Hicks, who is now senior vice president at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington-based think tank.
The joint U.S.-Arab airstrikes won Obama rare support from Republicans who have been pressing him to be more aggressive in going after the Islamic State group, which has moved with ease across the blurred border between Iraq and Syria.
“I support the airstrikes launched by the president, understanding that this is continued…

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on September 24Sep 24, 2014, 01.24 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on September 24
Here are a few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Sasken Communication, Educomp, CARE, LML, PC Jeweller, Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri (TBZ), Titan, Tara Jewels and Future Consumer Enterprise.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on September 24
Here are a few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Sasken Communication, Educomp, CARE, LML, PC Jeweller, Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri (TBZ), Titan, Tara Jewels and Future Consumer Enterprise.
Post your opinion here

Heirs of Indian Super Rich Interested in Being Global CitizensManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: Even though most high net worth individuals (HNWIs) have never lived abroad, their heirs seem interested in doing so and becoming global citizens, according to a Barclays study released here today.
The report also revealed that just five per cent of wealthy individuals in India plan to travel to a different country in the next five years, compared to 47 per cent in China, 36 per cent in Qatar and 34 per cent in Latin America.
"Merely five per cent of wealthy individuals in India plan to travel to a different country in the next five years, compared to 47 per cent in China, 36 per cent in Qatar and 34 per cent in Latin America," Barclays' director and head of wealth advisory, Adrish Ghosh told PTI.
While 98 per cent of Indian high net worth individuals (HNWIs) have never lived in another country, their offspring aspire to be true global citizens, according to Barclays Wealth Insights report.
The report is based on a global survey of more than 2,000 HNWIs globally, as well as 100 HNWIs living across the country, comprising entrepreneurs, business leaders and investors.
The vast majority (91 per cent) of the country's HNWIs believe that their children would live in more countries than they have, as globalisation and advances in technology have begun to lead to increased mobility among the world's wealthy individuals.
The main reasons HNWIs in the country are keen to stay on in the country include having a good work-life balance (75 per cent cited this factor) and economic opportunity (51 per cent), he said.
Signalling burgeoning entrepreneurial environment in India, 47 per cent of the country's HNWIs said that the primary reason for living in India is to start their own business, he said.
Just under a third (29 per cent) of wealthy entrepreneurs consider relocation within the next five years, compared to 15 per cent of global HNWIs, the report said.
For entrepreneurs currently planning a move, 41 per cent are looking at moving for economic opportunities, 29 per cent would do so to start a new business, while 27 per cent would move to pursue an international career, showing that high net worth business owners are increasingly looking at new markets for growth, the report said.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 22:04 (IST)

London Tops Hong Kong as Most Expensive CityYou are here: Home Global Economy
London Tops Hong Kong as Most Expensive City
NDTV | Updated On: September 27, 2014 14:09 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
London has become the world's most expensive city for companies to locate employees, according to a study done by Savills plc, a global real estate services provider. Hong Kong had topped the ranking as the most expensive city for the past five years, since Savills Live/Work Index was launched in 2008.
The index measures the total costs per employee of renting living and working space on a US dollar basis in 12 world cities.
In its 2014 ranking, Hong Kong was ranked second, followed by New York and Paris. According to Savills, in these four cities, the combined costs of renting residential and office space top $100,000 per employee per year.
Mumbai retained its position as the cheapest world city, at $$30,000 per person per year, down 21 per cent in US dollar terms since 2008.
Savills says that currency fluctuations would be a major determinant of cost in these 12 cities given that real estate price growth has remained modest.
"This year has seen much more modest real estate price growth in nearly all our world cities and some have shown small falls," says Yolande Barnes, Director Savills World Research. "We expect this subdued trend to continue as investor interest and market activity shifts to second-tier cities."
"This lower level of price growth means that currency fluctuations have produced some of the biggest changes in our rankings which are expressed in dollar terms. For multinationals looking at their local costs, it is this which is likely to exercise them more than property markets over the next year".
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 10:24 (IST)

Stocks shrug off lingering growth worriesStocks shrug off lingering growth worries
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd3c531e-4398-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leaping into the dark  coming out bright‘Leaping into the dark, coming out bright’
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, September 24:  
The Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) was put together in just three years. This is a matter of great pride for Indians, asserted Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his address.
MOM, the Prime Minister explained, was built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneswar, and Faridabad to Rajkot. “Success of our space programmes is a testimony of what India is capable of. When India wins a cup in cricket, the whole nation dances with joy. But the achievement of the space scientists is 1,000 times greater than that,” Modi said.
ThePrime Minister further tried to draw parallels to innovation and risks involved and said: “For the scientists, it was an unknown domain and a leap into dark and they have come out bright.”
ISRO scientists at the Telemetry Tracking and Command Network Centre at Peenya Industrial area here carried out the Mars Orbiter Insertion (MOI) manoeuvre by effecting a set of commands loaded onto the spacecraft after its velocity was slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second to enable it to be captured by the Martian orbit.
The spacecraft, which weighs around 1,350 kg, is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas for a possible sign of life, a colour camera and a thermal imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the Red Planet.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Japan voices concern over weak yenJapan voices concern over weak yen
By Delphine Strauss and Ben McLannahan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0669785a-43e4-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi visits Jaitley at hospitalSep 25, 2014 at 12:01am IST
Narendra Modi visits Jaitley at hospital
6
0
New Delhi: A day before he embarks on his visit to the United States, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday visited Finance Minister Arun Jaitely at a city hospital.
Modi arrived at Max Hospital in Saket at around 9:45 PM and spent around 40 minutes with Jaitley who was re-admitted to hospital for a post surgery check-up on Sunday. Security was beefed up and heavy police and other security deployment was made in the area.
Modi will embark on a five-day high profile visit to the United States from tomorrow during which he will address the UN General Assembly on September 26 and will hold bilateral talks with President Barack Obama.
A day before he embarks on his visit to the United States, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday visited Finance Minister Arun Jaitely at a city hospital.
Jaitley, who had undergone a surgery to control diabetes earlier this month, was admitted to Max hospital in Saket on Sunday evening around 6 PM for a post surgery check-up.
According to sources close to the Minister, Jaitley is keeping fine but he is under observation.
Earlier this month, the 61-year-old BJP leader had undergone an elective laproscopic procedure for diabetes management. He was discharged on September 10.
0

JP Power calls off hydro deal with R-PowerJP Power calls off hydro deal with R-Power
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Jaiprakash Power Ventures, which had been in separate talks with a number of companies to sell its hydropower portfolio, has called off its latest discussion with  Reliance Power, part of the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG).
In July, R-Power had agreed to buy the hydropower assets of JP Ventures. This was after a consortium led by Abu Dhabi National Energy Co, called off a Rs 9,689-crore plan to buy two of Jaiprakash’s hydropower plants.
It is learnt regulatory uncertainties around the supply rates for JP Power's Karcham Wangtoo unit in Himachal Pradesh have hit the Rs 12,000-crore deal with ADAG. Last week, the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission  had asked JP Power to expedite filing of a rates petition for the 1,091 Mw Karcham Wangtoo project. The direction came after the utility sought withdrawal of a provisional rates petition related to the plant.
MEGA JOLT
Second blow in two months for Jaypee after Abu Dhabi National Energy Company pulled out of an agreement to acquire two hydropower plants of JPVL 
Reliance CleanGen signed MoU in July to acquire the entire hydropower portfolio of Jaypee totalling 1,800 Mw with an asset value of Rs 10,000 crore
Uncertainty on rates and technical issues arise at the 1,000-Mw Karcham Wangtoo project of JPVL in Himachal
Sources allege Jaypee increased the installed capacity of Karcham Wangtoo  project to 1200 Mw, in violation of CEA approvals and against the techno-economic clearance of 1,000 Mw
CEA had issued showcause notice to JP to restrict the capacity of the project to 1,000 Mw or face closure of the plant
"Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff (rates) issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and Jaiprakash Power Ventures (JPVL) have terminated discussions regarding R-Power's acquisition of JPVL's hydro portfolio of three projects with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 Mws," stated ADAG.
It appears a showcause notice will be issued soon by the Central Electricity Authority to JP for breaching the techno-economic clearance (TEC) conditions at Karcham Wangtoo. The project is currently running at 1,200 Mw capacity, against the TEC for 1,000 Mw.
However, JP Power stated discussion with ADAG had been called off "for reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference on commercial aspects".
Reliance CleanGen Ltd, a unit of R-Power, had signed an exclusive accord for the acquisition of the entire hydroelectric power portfolio of JP Power. The portfolio comprises three plants—Baspa Stage II (300 Mw) and Karcham Wangtoo (1,091 Mw) in Himachal, and Vishnuprayag (400 Mw) in Uttarakhand. Adani Group was also engaged in talks for acquiring JP Power's hydro projects in a Rs 11,000-crore deal.  
JP Power has a thermal power portfolio of 1,160 Mw, comprising the 500 Mw Bina and 660 Mw Nigrie projects.

Soon  Modi may be beamed live on DD  AIR straight from 7 RCRSoon, Modi may be beamed live on DD, AIR straight from 7 RCR
Zia Haq , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 00:32 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 03:50 IST(25/9/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s October 3 address on All India Radio may mark the beginning of a new trend that would see him frequently turning to state broadcasters for communicating with the public on key issues.
Advertisement
The Modi government’s communication strategy of relying more on state-owned media has got Doordarshan (DD) and All India Radio (AIR) all tuned up though DD continues to battle for autonomy apart from staffing problems and resource allocation.
Modi will be the first PM to speak on AIR in a long time. Doordarshan, too, expects him to make substantial use of DD News — the state broadcaster’s news channel — going beyond the usual sound bytes.
 
“We look forward not only because of its (AIR’s) directness as a form of communication but also because it will rejuvenate the radio medium in India,” said Jawhar Sircar, the CEO of Prasar Bharti which runs DD.
 
In a hint that the PM could make such use of state media from time to time, the government’s official citizen-centric website <mygov.in> even ran a poll to gauge how frequently people wanted to hear him on radio.
DD News is setting up a top-of-the-line facility at 7, RCR —Modi’s official residence — one that has fibre-optic connectivity and dedicated standby teams. AIR, too, is ready with its setup there.
“It will be our privilege. It is our responsibility as public broadcaster. We will deploy our most experienced team of editors, camera unit and engineers there,” Archana Dutta, the director general of DD News, said.
With a PM who sees communication as a key tool, the government’s publicity apparatus is looking to up its game, with top officials keeping a close watch.
However, critics say in a country with a diverse media landscape, relying only on official channels could have its own consequences. On Tuesday, the Editors Guild of India criticised the Modi government for limiting “access of journalists” to the officialdom, asking him to open up.
On most of his official trips abroad, including the five-day visit to the US that opens September 26, Modi has relied on state broadcasters for coverage. Most Indian channels that will cover the US tour are not part of the official entourage.

Government defers revision of gas prices to November 15Government defers revision of gas prices to November 15
http://usat.ly/1rbCzn6http://usat.ly/1rbczn6
R-Power  Jaypee s $2 billion deal is offR-Power  Jaypee s $2 billion deal is off
Mars Mission: People who played a key role | Cultural odyssey | Modi hailsThe 56 -year-old scientist from Kodhawady, a small vil lage near Coimbatore, had never stepped out of his district until he finished his Masters.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: It is ironical that the man who successfully led the country's mission to Mars is considered to be under the negative influence of the Red Planet under Indian astrology.
As a manglik, Mylswamy Annadurai — the mission director of Isro's Mangalyaan spacecraft — had to find a life partner who also had the same impact from the planet. It was truly a match made in the heavens. Annadurai considers his wife Vasanthi one of his biggest fans. She collects even small snippets of news about her husband appearing in the media.
The 56 -year-old scientist from Kodhawady, a small vil lage near Coimbatore, had never stepped out of his district until he finished his Masters. He obtained a Bachelors in Engineering degree from Government College of Technology, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu , India and completed his Masters Degree in Engineering from PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore. Annadurai joined Isro in 1982 at the age of 24 and had previously been in-charge of India's satellite launches. Before this, he successfully completed India's maiden moon mission Chandrayaan-1 as well as the Insat satellite launches.
His wife Vasanthi said Annadurai has always been fascinated with the moon. She recalled as a young scientist during early days of marriage he would lie on the rooftop of the house and gaze at the moon for hours. Vasanthi would warn him that he could catch cold, would pay no heed.
Annadurai's close friends say that he believes himself to be fortunate that he gets paid for doing something that he really loves. In fact, he writes regular weekly columns in Tamil periodicals to explain rocket science in simple language to inspire the youth.
Also, during holidays, Annadurai loves to tour across the country, meeting and interacting with the students to spread awareness on science and technology.
Annadurai begins his day by reading at least a couple of pages from the Bhagavad Gita. When his mind is preoccupied, he reads an entire chapter. "For the past 34 years, it is my practice to start the day reading two pages of the Gita," said Annadurai at an earlier event.
Annadurai would have most likely read entire chapters of the Gita on Monday and Tuesday when India's Mars mission reached a crucial phase.
Key People
K Radhakrishnan: Chairman of Isro, and Secretary , Department of Space. Responsible for leading the mission and co-ordinating all Isro activities.
S Ramakrishnan: Director of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre and Member of the Launch Authorisation Board . He played an integral in developing the PSLV that ferried Mangalyaan.
P Kunhikrishnan: Project director of the PSLV programme. His responsibility included ensuring the successful completion of mission by the rocket, and the satellite was projected into space.
SK Shivakumar: Director, Isro Satellite Centre . He was also part of the team that developed the telemetry system for Chandrayaan-I, India's first lunar exploration mission.

Coalgate fallout: Worst fears for power cos | Banks NervousCitigroup
(While industry experts…)
MUMBAI: For over a year, promoters and executives of power companies and their lenders had sleepless nights, wondering what the Supreme Court would decide about coal blocks allotted to them.
On Wednesday, their worst fears came true when the apex court cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993. While industry experts lauded the verdict as a precursor to coal sector reforms, the nightmare for the power companies isn't over yet.
"We are relieved that the uncertainty is over. But now where do plants attached to these mines get coal from? What happens to the expenses already incurred? The government needs to give clarity on the modus operandi," said Sushil Maroo, a director of Essar Energy and CEO of Essar Power . The company stands to lose three coal blocks.
Companies had expected the court to take a more lenient view on the 40 coal mines that had started operations and not cancel them. Instead, the court gave companies with operational mines six months to transfer their assets to the government.
"This move will have an extremely negative impact on power, steel and cement companies as an issue that is almost 21 years old is being addressed now and a lot of investments have gone into these blocks, which will now get impacted. Most companies will have no option but to bid in the new round of auctions as one cannot only depend on imported coal," said Issac George, Group Chief Financial Officer at GVK Power & Infrastructure, which had been allotted two blocks.
The power sector has already investedRs 2,86,677 crore toward exploration, mining and end-use projects, equivalent to almost 3% of the GDP.
Coal-based projects represent about 59% of India's total installed power generation capacity. Apart from the cancellation, operational mines will have to pay a penalty of Rs 295 for every tonne of coal extracted since they started.
This will aggravate the finances of power companies, which are already grappling with stretched balance sheets.
"The penalties imposed by the Supreme Court are very exacting and will take a big toll on the finances of some of these companies. How will the companies cough up this kind of cash without seriously compromising their cash flows or indebting themselves further?" George of GVK asked.
According to Citigroup , the other grey area is how production and sale of coal will be affected when Coal India takes over these mines. "Will Coal India be able to produce in the same quantity, and how will sale of that coal happen? Will JSPL get the requisite coal even after Coal India starts operating its mines?"
In 2013-14, Coal India produced 462 million tonnes of coal, missing the target of 482 million tonnes. The coal ministry anticipates that local supplies will fall as much as 185 million tonnes short of the country's projected demand of 950 million tonnes in 2016-17. The gap could widen if the cancelled mines don't produce the projected volumes of coal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Muslims make dandiya sticks but barred from garba venues in Godhra amidst love jihad rowSep 25, 2014 at  08:30am IST
Muslims make dandiya sticks but barred from garba venues in Godhra amidst love jihad row
39
6
Godhra: Unease prevails in the town of Godhra in Gujarat as a pro-Hindutva outfit has convinced garba organisers not to allow Muslims into garba venues in the wake of the love jihad controversy. Muslims, too, have decided to stay away from garba venues to avoid confrontation.
"Those who don't endorse our religious beliefs and in fact oppose them, why are they insisting on coming to Navratri venues," questions Jaimin Shah, member, Hindu Asmita Hit Rakshak Samiti, Godhra.
Those combative words from the Hindu Asmita Hit Rakshak Samiti have set the tone for Navratri celebrations in Godhra. Preparations are on in full swing at the two garba venues. But in Godhra's Muslim dominated Polan Bazaar area, there is a sense of gloom.
#garba #dandiya #navratri #muslims
"I go to Hindu shops and stitch garba dresses. It's not good to create a rift between communities," says Muzaffar, a Godhra resident. Another Godhra resident Taslim Isak Kadwa adds, "It's wrong. There is harmony here for so many years. For the past 30 years, we have been welcoming the Ganpati procession and Shobha Yatra."
Ironically, the dandiyas used in garbas are made only by the Muslims in Godhra. There are about 300 units in Godhra making dandiyas and all of them are owned by Muslims.
"When they have no problem using dandiyas made by us, then why not allow us? When we make these with so much dedication, why should we not be allowed to see garba," asks another resident Shoaib Charkha.
With a population of over 2 lakh, of which half are Muslims, Godhra has a checkered communal past. But local leaders like Ramzani Jujara have helped create an atmosphere of harmony over the past decade.
Ramzani says the latest move will undo all their good work. "The decision by the Samiti is not proper. There is a need to unite people. Muslims have decided to stay away from garba venues this year," Ramzani says.
Hindu Asmita Hit Rakshak Samiti volunteers say they cannot take any chances during Navratri. "The love jihad subject is being discussed. Godhra has 50 per cent Muslims and 50 per cent Hindus. We do not want it to happen here. And so we're saying don't let Muslims enter venues," adds Jaimin Shah.
154

With 30 engagements on list  Prime Minister Narendra Modi heads for US todaySep 25, 2014 at  06:26pm IST
With 30 engagements on his list, Prime Minister Narendra Modi heads for US today
4
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will start for his much anticipated five-day tour to the United States of America on Thursday. PM's delegation will leave at 4 pm.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has already reached the US.
In his five-day trip to New York and Washington, Modi will have over 30 engagements. He is scheduled to hold meetings with US administration, Heads of state, businessmen and NRI community.
He is scheduled to hold meetings with US administration, Heads of state, businessmen and NRI community.
#prime minister #narendra modi meets america #modi in america #us
Modi will meet four leading figures of the US administration, including President Barack Obama on September 29 and 30 when he is in Washington.
The Prime Minister will also meet US Vice President Joe Biden, who will host a lunch for him along with Secretary of State John Kerry. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel will also call on the PM on the same day.
Modi is also scheduled to meet former US president Bill Clinton and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton.
On September 27, Modi will address the United Nation General Assembly. "His participation in the UNGA is an affirmation to India's commitment to multi-lateralism. He will focus on issues of paramount importance including India's permanent membership of UN Security Council in his address to UNGA," the MEA said on Tuesday. Later in the day, Modi will pay homage to the 9/11 terror attack victims.
On September 30, Modi will pay homage at Lincoln Memorial, Martin Luther King Memorial and Mahatma Gandhi's statue in Washington.
Modi will also be meeting the President of Sri Lanka, Prime Minister of Bangladesh and Nepal during the trip. Modi, however, has no plans of meeting his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif.
620

British Parliament to debate airstrikes against ISBritish Parliament to debate airstrikes against IS
IKEA India inks Telangana dealIKEA India inks Telangana deal
Cameron wants UK to join in airstrikes in IraqUNITED NATIONS, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 08:38 IST
Cameron wants UK to join in airstrikes in Iraq
AP
AP United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron addresses the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday.
TOPICS
armed conflict
The British Prime Minister said late on Wednesday he will ask Parliament to approve joining international airstrikes against the Islamic State group in Iraq. David Cameron announced the move in his address to the U.N. General Assembly.
Mr. Cameron did not mention the prospect of also joining the U.S.-led international airstrikes against the Islamic State group in Syria that began this week. The threat of the terror group’s grip on large parts of both Iraq and Syria has dominated this week’s annual gathering of world leaders.
Mr. Cameron also warned against believing that it’s necessary to “do a deal” with Syrian President Bashar Assad to defeat the Islamic State group, calling that thinking “dangerously misguided”. He said the brutality of Mr. Assad’s government has been a powerful recruiting tool for extremists during the conflict there, which is now in its fourth year.
Mr. Assad’s government has not asked for international intervention in fighting the Islamic State group, but Iraq has. The Prime Minister defended his decision to pursue the U.K.’s involvement in airstrikes in Iraq, saying that the Islamic State group’s threat is global and that “when the safety and security of our people is at stake, we must be uncompromising in our response”.
There are lessons to be learned from the past, including the invasion of Iraq a decade ago, he acknowledged, but “isolation and withdrawing from a problem like ISIL will only make things worse,” he said, using one of a number of acronyms for the Islamic State group.
Mr. Cameron also said Iran could help in defeating the terror group’s threat. He met with Iran’s President on Wednesday, the first such meeting since the Iranian revolution in 1979. “They could help secure a more stable, inclusive Iraq; and a more stable, inclusive Syria,” Mr. Cameron said of Iran, though he acknowledged that disagreements remain on other issues. “And if they are prepared to do this, then we should welcome their engagement.”

All about Modis Make in India campaignPrime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the ‘Make in India’ programme on Thursday, ahead of his maiden visit to the US, rolling out the red carpet to investors through a string of measures including easier norms and rules.
HT takes you through the finer details of Modi’s ambitious campaign:
What is the Make in India initiative?
It is PM Modi’s signature initiative to urge companies — local and foreign — to invest in India.
What does the initiative contain?
It contains a raft of proposals designed to get foreign companies to set up shop and make the country a manufacturing powerhouse.
How was the initiative launched?
The ‘Make in India’ programme was first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month. On Thursday he will launch it during an event at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi at 10am that will be beamed live not just across the country but to gatherings of industrialists across the world.
What are the initiative’s focus sectors?
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
What about easing of foreign investment rules?
As part of the plan, foreign investment caps in construction will be eased to enable greater participation in the NDA government's 100 smart cities project and affordable housing. FDI caps in railways and defence production have already been eased to 100% and 49% respectively.
Why is there a need to focus on manufacturing sector?
The government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to China as costs and risks there rise. The objective is also to ensure solid growth and employment creation. During 2005-12 India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
How does the government plan to ease doing of business in India?
# Global investors have been unsparing in their criticism about complex rules and bureaucratic red tape that delay investment decisions.
# India ranks a lowly 134 out of 189 countries in the World Bank’s ease of doing business index in 2014. It slipped three places from its 2013 rank.
# The government has set up an investor facilitation cell Invest India, which  will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances.
# All central government services are being integrated with an e-Biz single window online portal.
# States have been advised to introduce self-certification.
# The ministry of home affairs have been asked to give all security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
# A dedicated cell has been created to answer queries from business entities through a newly created web portal ([http://www.makeinindia.com). The portal will go live on September 25.
# While an exhaustive set of FAQs on this portal will help investors find instant answers to their general queries, the back-end support team of the cell would answer specific queries within 72 hours.
# A pro-active approach will be deployed to track visitors for their geographical location, interest and real time user behaviour.
# Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on the information collected.
# Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter.
# The investor facilitation cell will provide assistance to foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure.
# The initiative will also target top companies across sectors in identified countries.
# A vast number of defence items have been de-licensed.
# The validity of industrial license has been extended to three years.
# With a view to providing flexibility in working hours and increased intake of apprentices for on the job training, the government has decided to amend a number of labour laws.
# The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December.
# An advisory has been sent to all departments/state governments to simplify and rationalise regulatory environment which includes online filing of all returns in a unified form.
# There would be no inspection without the approval of the head of the department, etc.

India as the next big luxury market Not so fastSep 25, 2014, 01.06 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
India as the next big luxury market? Not so fast
The country's luxury market will grow 86 percent in constant value terms between 2013 and 2018, according to a report from Euromonitor International earlier this year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India as the next big luxury market? Not so fast
The country's luxury market will grow 86 percent in constant value terms between 2013 and 2018, according to a report from Euromonitor International earlier this year.
Post your opinion here
 
India is the fastest-growing emerging market for luxury goods, according to some experts, but whether it can surpass China as the world's top luxury consumer is open for debate.
The country's luxury market will grow 86 percent in constant value terms between 2013 and 2018, according to a report from Euromonitor International earlier this year. Luxury markets in China, Malaysia and Indonesia are expected to grow 74, 62 and 59 percent, respectively, over the period.
Meanwhile, the total retail value of luxury goods in India is expected to increase 63 percent over the next four years compared with a 59 percent in China.
Read More: London tops Hong Kong as priciest place to live
"India's luxury goods market has been growing by more than $255 million a year in absolute terms, considerably stronger than Singapore and Australia," said Fflur Roberts, head of luxury goods at Euromonitor.
A burgeoning urban middle class and an increase in the pool of high net worth individuals (HNWIs) are expected to underpin spending. The country ranks sixth globally in terms of billionaires, according to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014.
Read More: Pricing luxury real estate is an art and science
But while India may be the fastest growing market presently, it won't significantly change the luxury landscape over the next decade, Erwan Rambourg, author of 'The Bling Dynasty: Why the Reign of Chinese Luxury Shoppers Has Only Just Begun,' told CNBC.
Rambourg believes China will remain the world's biggest luxury player despite dwindling sales due to higher prices and a crackdown on corruption. He forecasts Chinese consumption to constitute 35 percent of global luxury sales next year and 50 percent in 10 years' time.
India's high-income population is also relatively weak in comparison to China. Average annual spending for India's HNWIs is $650,000, versus $1.1 million for their Chinese counterparts, according to Wealth-X.
Challenges
Deloitte believes India's luxury market peaked in 2012 and is now on a lower growth trajectory.
"[Recent astronomical growth] has led to bottlenecks that created inflation, plus the growth was financed by an accumulation of external debt that cannot be sustained," it said in its 'Global powers of Luxury Goods 2014' report.
In addition, Indian consumers possess a different mentality that isn't necessarily conducive to luxury spending, said Rambourg.
"When I was working in Cartier in Paris, a wealthy Indian couple wearing gold jewelry entered the store and after looking at a few items, declared that no way were these goods worth thousands of euros. The view of many wealthy Indian individuals is that raw material counts a lot whereas in luxury brands, what counts are design, logo and general wow impact," he said.
This mindset could limit luxury sales in India, he said.
Read More: India's lost generation: A systemic risk?
Chinese consumers, on the other hand, are seen as more willing to purchase brand-name products to display their wealth.
Finally, international brands face a number of hurdles in India. A study by KPMG and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India outlined concerns such as the lack of high-quality shopping environments, high custom duties on imported goods, a booming counterfeit market and the lack of well-trained staff. 
RELATED NEWS

Stocks in news: SBI  Rel Power  Punjab Alkalies  JP PowerSep 25, 2014, 08.33 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Stocks in news: SBI, Rel Power, Punjab Alkalies, JP Power
State Bank of India | Reliance Power | Jaiprakash Power Ventures | Punjab Alkalies | Sasken Communications | Polaris Financial Technologies | Sharda Cropchem | Pioneer Distilleries | Indiabulls Power and Info Edge are stocks, which are in the news today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stocks in news: SBI, Rel Power, Punjab Alkalies, JP Power
State Bank of India | Reliance Power | Jaiprakash Power Ventures | Punjab Alkalies | Sasken Communications | Polaris Financial Technologies | Sharda Cropchem | Pioneer Distilleries | Indiabulls Power and Info Edge are stocks, which are in the news today.
Post your opinion here
Here are stocks that are in news today:
Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad says
-Cabinet defers decision on gas pricing
-Decision on gas pricing to be taken before November 15
FICCI calls for quick review of coal blocks allotment policy
FICCI President Sidharth Birla says
-Expect SC decision to act as a precursor to review of policy
-Hope SC decision paves way for full-fledged coal reforms
-Expect amendment in Coal Mines Nationalisation Act, 1973 and Mine Minerals (Development & Regulation) Act, 1957
-Amendments to facilitate entry of private entities in coal exploration & mining
-Cancellation of coal blocks will impact economy and investment climate
-Quick response from government will help allay the apprehensions
Reliance Power  terminates talks with  Jaiprakash Power on acquiring hydro assets
-Reliance Power says talks with JP Power called off due to regulatory uncertainties, tariff issues
Alert: Reliance Power was in talks with JP Power to buy Karcham Wangtoo, Baspa II, Vishnuprayag Projects
-Talks with ADAG for sale of hydro power assets called off
-Been in talks with ADAG for divestment of hydro power assets
-Talks with ADAG Called off due to difference of commercial aspects
 
-Not impacted by SC order cancelling coal block allocations
-Have dedicated fuel supply agreements (FSAs) with  Coal India to supply domestic coal
-Company allowed compensatory cost pass-through for use of imported coal for any shortfall in domestic coal supply by Coal India
-Valuations in Indian e-commerce space a tad frothy
-Real business happening in Indian e-commerce space
-Believe companies will grow into valuations set by the likes of Alibaba
-Flipkart looks reasonable given Alibaba's valuations
-Could see Indian e-Commerce companies listing overseas in 2 years
-Flipkart is capable of listing as things stand
-Whether Flipkart will list or not a strategic choice for company
-Some investors disappointed with government stand on FDI in e-Commerce
-Investors hoping for big reforms in e-Commerce over next few months
-99Acres.com QIP on cards, will use the money for expansion
-99Acres.com in a competitive market, needs funds to grow
-Expect Naukri’s margins to go up this year
-Naukri.com's cash collections up 25 percent in Q1 YoY
-Bounce-back in economy helping companies like Naukri
-Expect revenue/margin growth in Naukri to continue
-Company has no new investment plans in pipeline at the moment
-Investors hoping reforms in India happen quickly
-Some impatience on reforms evident
-If government moves now on reforms, it will be fine
Pioneer Distilleries  offer for sale update
-Subscribed 3.8 times, gets bids for 58 lakh shares versus size of 15.2 lakh
-Indicative price at Rs 23.11/share versus floor price of Rs 10/share
Fund Action

Indian ADRs: Dr Reddy s Lab  Infosys  HDFC Bank gainSep 25, 2014, 08.22 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: Dr Reddy's Lab, Infosys, HDFC Bank gain
Indian ADRs ended mostly higher on Thursday. Dr Reddy's Laboratories jumped 2.11 percent and Infosys gained 1.34 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: Dr Reddy's Lab, Infosys, HDFC Bank gain
Indian ADRs ended mostly higher on Thursday. Dr Reddy's Laboratories jumped 2.11 percent and Infosys gained 1.34 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs ended mostly higher on Thursday. In the banking space, HDFC Bank added 0.55 percent at USD 47.96 and ICICI Bank was down 0.01 percent at USD 52.42.
In the IT space, Infosys gained 1.34 percent at USD 59.66 and Wipro was up 0.08 percent at USD 11.92.
In the other sectors, Tata Motors slipped 1.12 percent at USD 44.98 and Dr Reddy's Laboratories jumped 2.11 percent at USD 53.26.
RELATED NEWS

SAL Steel: Outcome of AGMSep 25, 2014, 08.22 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SAL Steel: Outcome of AGM
S.A.L. Steel Ltd has informed BSE that the 11th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 24, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SAL Steel: Outcome of AGM
S.A.L. Steel Ltd has informed BSE that the 11th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 24, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
S.A.L. Steel Ltd has informed BSE that the 11th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 24, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Make in India  set for high-octane launch today; Cyrus Mistry  Mukesh Ambani among speakersMake in India  set for high-octane launch today; Cyrus Mistry  Mukesh Ambani among speakers
Narendra Modi to woo US business on visit aimed at healing tiesNarendra Modi to woo US business on visit aimed at healing ties
India s Mars mission Mangalyaan sends first set of dataIndia s Mars mission Mangalyaan sends first set of data
ADB trims Southeast Asia 2014 growth forecast to 4.6 percentADB trims Southeast Asia 2014 growth forecast to 4.6 percent
Vodafone campaigns for business reformsVodafone campaigns for business reforms
Gold down Rs 120 on global cues  weak demandNew Delhi, September 22, 2014
Updated: September 22, 2014 17:10 IST
Gold down Rs 120 on global cues, weak demand
PTI
bullion
Silver also dropped for the fifth straight day and declined further by Rs 375 to Rs 39,250 per kg.
Continuing its declining trend for the third day, gold on Monday fell by another Rs 120 to Rs 26,850 per ten gram in the national capital, tracking weak cues from the global market where the precious metal was trading at an eight-month low.
Besides, subdued demand from jewellers in view of ongoing “Shraadh” — considered as inauspicious days — and diversion of funds towards the rising equity markets too put pressure on prices, traders said.
Silver also dropped for the fifth straight day and declined further by Rs 375 to Rs 39,250 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment remained weak as gold held near an eight-month low in global markets as the outlook for higher US borrowing costs strengthened the dollar, damping demand for a store of value.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, traded 0.60 per cent lower at $1,208.40 an ounce. Silver also fell 0.3 per cent to $17.78 an ounce, the lowest level since August 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell further by Rs 120 each to Rs 26,850 and Rs 26,650 per ten gram respectively. It had lost Rs 480 in the previous two sessions.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
In a similar fashion, silver ready remained under selling pressure and surrendered Rs 375 to Rs 39,250 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 805 to Rs 38,895 per kg after it sank to four-year low in the overseas market. The white metal lost Rs 1,975 in the last four days.
Silver coins plunged by Rs 1,000 to Rs 69,000 for buying and Rs 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Rupee falls to 1-week low of 60.94 against dollar as markets crashforeign exchange market
Tuesday’s closing level is the rupee’s weakest level in a week as it had closed at 61.05 on September 16.
The Indian rupee on Tuesday depreciated by 12 paise to close at one-week low of 60.94 against the greenback on month-end dollar demand from importers and steep fall in local equities.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.93 a dollar from previous close of 60.82. It was trapped in a narrow range of 60.8675 and 61.0050 before concluding at 60.94, logging a fall of 12 paise or 0.20 per cent.
Tuesday’s closing level is the rupee’s weakest level in a week as it had closed at 61.05 on September 16.
Dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, to meet their month-end requirements, weighed on the rupee.
“The Indian rupee was influenced by state-run banks’ dollar purchases on behalf of oil importers. Local markets await the RBI’s monetary policy review on September 30,” said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.
Weak factory employment numbers in China and private sector data showing slowdown in Eurozone growth this month led the Sensex and Nifty to register biggest fall in two-and-a-half months. This drop had a sentimental impact on the rupee value.
FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth $11.37 million on Monday, as per Sebi data. The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.30 per cent.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: “The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.60 to 61.40.”

India makes history  triumphs in maiden Mars missionIndia makes history, Mars orbiter enters red planet's orbit
India has triumphed in its first interplanetary attempt by successfully putting a satellite into orbit around Mars.
Yahoo India –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014
Print
India's low-cost mission to Mars successfully entered the red planet's orbit on Wednesday, crowning India as the first country to complete the trip at its maiden attempt.
The success of the Mars Orbiter Mission, lauded for its low price tag of Rs 450 crore, will boost India's five-decade-old space programme that newly-elected Prime Minister Narendra Modi aims to expand with better infrastructure and technology.
With a spacecraft around Mars, India joins a small group of nations that have successfully sent probes to orbit or land on Mars. Others, however, failed several times initially.
After rotating the Orbiter towards Mars, the main engine was fired 24 minutes from Mars to enter the Martian orbit, which will be about 500 km from its surface and 215 million km away from the Earth in radio distance.
The spacecraft will consume about 250 kg of liquid fuel with oxidiser.
The 1,350-kilogram orbiter will now circle the planet for at least six months, with five solar-powered instruments gathering scientific data that may shed light on Martian weather systems as well as what happened to the water that is believed to have existed once on Mars in large quantities.
Scientists broke into wild cheers Wednesday morning as the orbiter's engines completed 24 minutes of burn time and maneuvered into its designated place around the red planet.
Scientists described the final stages of the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. The success marks a milestone for the space program in demonstrating that it can conduct complex missions and act as a global launch pad for commercial, navigational and research satellites.
On Sunday, NASA achieved its own success in placing its Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, in position. The U.S. has two more satellites circling the planet at the moment, as well as two rovers rolling across the rocky Martian surface. The European Space Agency's Mars Express, launched over a decade ago, is still operating as well.
The success of India's Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, brings India into an elite club of Martian explorers that includes United States, the European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union.
Getting a spaceship successfully into orbit around Mars is no easy task. More than half the world's previous attempts — 23 out of 41 missions — have failed, including one by Japan in 1999.
The Indian Space and Research Organisation described the mission as flawless.
Modi hails India's Mars mission as historic
The success of India's successful mission to Mars "will go down as landmark in history", said Prime Minister Narendra Modi after Mars Orbiter Mission entered the orbit of the red planet.
"These are all accomplishments that will go down as landmarks in history," said a visibly happy Modi.
The prime minister said that the MOM was built "indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot".
He said: "India is the only country, to have succeeded in its very first attempt."
"With today's spectacular success, ISRO joins an elite group, of only three other agencies worldwide to have successfully reached red planet," he added amidst applause.
Modi, wearing a red coloured jacket, said that the "odds, were stacked against us".
"Of the 51 missions, attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded. But we have prevailed," he said.
The prime minister said: "Travelling an incredible distance, of over 650 million or 65 crore kms,we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise and imagination."
All you needed to know about India's low-cost mission to Mars
1
At just Rs 450 crore, ISRO’S Mars mission is the cheapest so far. The Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. After a nine-month long journey, the Orbiter is scheduled to enter Mars’ orbit on September 24. To reach Mars, the spacecraft had to enter three phases, the earth centered phase, the helio centric phase and finally the Martian phase.
2
The orbit insertion will take place when the spacecraft will be 423 km from the Martian surface and 215 million km away (radio distance) from the earth.
3
Just 21 out of the 51 missions launched to Mars by different countries have been successful and that too by only three space agencies — NASA, European Space Agency and the Russian Federal Space Agency. The launch gives India an entry into an exclusive club of nations with interplanetary travel capabilities.
4
The Rs 450-crore Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. The project, built over a remarkably short period of two years, is primarily a technological mission considering the critical operations and stringent requirements on propulsion and other systems of the spacecraft.
5
Launched last November, the Mars Orbiter Mission, called Mangalyaan, aims to study the planet's surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on Earth.
6
If the spacecraft does manage to enter orbit around Mars on September 24, India would become the first country to succeed on its first try. European, U.S. and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but only after several attempts.
7
The Rs 450-crore ($70 million) ambitious Mars Orbiter Mission was launched Nov 5, 2013, on board a polar rocket from spaceport Sriharikota off Bay of Bengal, about 80 km northeast of Chennai.
8
The pay loads include Lyman Lpha Photometer to measure the relative abundance of deuterium and hydrogen from Lyman- alpha emission; Methane Sensor for Mars to measure methane in the Martian atmosphere, and thus determine past existence of life; Mars Colour Camera to capture images and information about the surface of Mars and its composition; Mars Exopheric Neutral Composition Analyser, which is a spectrometer; and Thermal Infrared Imaging Spectrometer to map surface composition and mineralogy of Mars.
9
The Mangalyaan has been configured to carry out observations of the physical features of the Mars and also to carry out a limited study of the Martian atmosphere.
10
The criticism of the Mars mission being ‘a waste of money’ appears to be misplaced too. If one monetises the worth of national services that ISRO satellites are providing — communications, broadcasting, broadband, weather forecasting, disaster warning, ocean monitoring, education, navigation — it would be several times the budget of the space agency. ISRO’s annual budget is about one billion dollars, compared to $ 17.7 billion for NASA, $7.9 billion for Russian agency, $5.6 billion for the European Space Agency and $ 2.5 billion for China. Unlike the Chinese programme which is completely focused on national pride and superpower dreams, India’s space programme is linked to broader national theme of national development.
Recommend

Spotted: Anushka and Ranveer at the partyCelebrity
Celebrities at 'Dil Dhadakne Do' wrap-up party
Touted to be one of the most awaited films of 2015, the film features an ensemble cast including Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Farhan Akhtar, Anushka Sharma, Anil Kapoor and Shefali Shah.
Anushka Sharma, pretty in a black dress and colorful heels, posed for the shutterbugs. This is the first time Ranveer Singh and Anushka Sharma are working on a movie post their break-up.
1 / 18

SC order a testing time for Coal Minister Piyush GoyalAnilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan    Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 18:27 IST
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal
The Supreme Court's order on Wednesday to cancel the allocation of 214 coal blocks has put Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal to test. Goyal, in a recent conversation with Business Today, had expressed confidence of finding a solution not only for the mines but also for the bankers who had lend money to these projects. According to rough estimates, Rs 1.5 trillion worth of bank money is at stake.
A bench headed by Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha has allowed 40 producing mines time till March 31, 2015, to wind up their operations.
The court ruling follows its August 25 order declaring as illegal 218 coal blocks allocated without auction between 1993 and 2010 by various governments. The court also asked the allottees to pay a fine of Rs 295 per tonne from the time the coal was mined.
According to industry estimates, the government might pocket Rs 8,000 crore to Rs 10,000 crore from this penalty. These mines were producing roughly 37 million tonnes of coal. Six more mines were expected to start producing soon, and another 13 in next one year. By March 2015, production was expected to reach 52 million tonnes.
Analysts and bankers say the court order has ended the uncertainty surrounding the coal blocks . "The government needs to expeditiously devise the parameters of coal block bidding and start the bidding process as soon as possible.
This will ensure minimum disruption for affected companies," says Debasish Mishra, Senior Director, Deloitte in India.
State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya concurs with Mishra. "We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation," she says.
Goyal had previously indicated to BT that the government wanted to first allot these producing mines through a new policy, which is likely to be a bidding process.
Coal ministry officials say they are confident a new policy for coal block allotment can be put in place within six months. The ministry might also table, in the next session of Parliament, amendments to the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act and the Coal Mines Nationalization Act.
The government is also keen to move the coal regulator bill in the forthcoming session. Goyal had also said that he planned to bring in new system where coal blocks might be allocated after seeking all permissions. With the final court verdict now out, it has to been seen how he delivers what he had promised.

New FDA Label Bolsters Safety Case for ChantixAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

NPPA powers not withdrawn  says GovernmentSep 24, 2014, 09.32 PM IST  | Source: PTI
NPPA powers not withdrawn, says Government
In a statement, the government said the internal guidelines issued by NPPA on May 29, 2014 and its orders on July 10 to fix prices of 108 formulation packs of anti-diabetic and cardiovascular drugs have been challenged in Bombay and Delhi High Court.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NPPA powers not withdrawn, says Government
In a statement, the government said the internal guidelines issued by NPPA on May 29, 2014 and its orders on July 10 to fix prices of 108 formulation packs of anti-diabetic and cardiovascular drugs have been challenged in Bombay and Delhi High Court.
Post your opinion here
 
Government today said it has not withdrawn powers delegated to NPPA but only internal guidelines issued by the drug price regulator to cap prices of non-scheduled drugs have been rolled back. In a statement, the government said the internal guidelines issued by NPPA on May 29, 2014 and its orders on July 10 to fix prices of 108 formulation packs of anti-diabetic and cardiovascular drugs have been challenged in Bombay and Delhi High Court.
"The Union of India and NPPA which have been made respondents, after careful consideration in consultation with the (ministry of) Law and Justice had decided to convey to the Hon'ble Courts that the guidelines dated 29.05.2014 are to be withdrawn," the statement said.
It further said: "The government has neither withdrawn the powers delegated to NPPA on 30.05.2013 nor NPPA has been directed to withdraw the orders dated 10.07.2014." On May 29, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) had issued internal guidelines, which sought to fix prices of non-scheduled drugs in various therapeutic areas, including cancer, HIV/AIDS and diabetes -- the MRP for which exceeds 25 per cent of simple average of medicines in those groups.
The guidelines also sought to control the launch price of non-scheduled formulations by capping the price of any new brand at par with the price of the highest brand in the segment. It had also stated that in cases of shortages of scheduled and non-scheduled formulations, prices may be examined on case to case basis for price fixation or revision under para 19 of DPCO 2013.
These initiatives were taken up by the NPPA drawing on the special provision provided by the paragraph 19 of Drugs Price Control Order, 2013 (DPCO, 2013) that allows it to fix ceiling price of a drug under extra-ordinary circumstances, "if it considers necessary so to do in public interest". The government statement said consequent to notification of National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy-2012 (NPPP-2012) on December 7, 2012 and notification of Drugs Price Control Order, 2013 (DPCO, 2013), the powers of the Government were delegated to NPPA on May 30, 2013.
RELATED NEWS

New company law will not be a burden on independent directors: MCA officialGiven a balanced deal to such directors
New Delhi, September 24:  
Independent directors should not see the new company law provisions governing their functioning as “onerous”, said a top Corporate Affairs Ministry (MCA) official.
There need not be any apprehension that the new company law has loaded independent directors with more work and made them liable for higher penalties, said Amardeep Singh Bhatia, Joint Secretary, Corporate Affairs Ministry, at an Assocham event here on Wednesday, adding that the law had only provided a balanced picture.
“While penalties have been enhanced, there is an immunity kind of clause that unless they are conniving or have taken part in fraud or demonstrated lack of due diligence, they are not liable to be prosecuted for their acts as independent directors,” Bhatia said, adding that the new provisions have only cast greater and important responsibility on independent directors.
This is largely an outcome of a movement towards increasing responsibility of independent directors after several corporate scams, such as that of Satyam Computers, he said.
The apprehension of the new provisions being “onerous” should not be there if one is honest and not conniving with the promoters, Bhatia said.
For the first time, specific provisions have been introduced around independent directors in the new company law that got enacted last year.
Independent directors are seen as one of the pillars on which the improved corporate governance framework has been laid in the new law. To ensure their independence, the Centre has decided not to allow monthly remuneration or employee stock options for such directors.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Arvind Ltd: Knitting prettyArvind Ltd: Knitting pretty
Vinay Umarji & Sheetal Agarwal | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 10:48 PM IST
The shares of Arvind Limited, Ahmedabad-based textile company, which had paused for three years after rallying strongly between 2009 and 2011, have since surged from Rs 67.60 (its 52-week low on August 8, 2013) to Rs 336, close to its all-time high in April 1992.
This rally, specially since January, is proof of the Arvind story clicking with investors. According to the company, the story is of building on its success as a textile and denim player and striving to become a brands, retail and garment company as well.  
"We took two key steps, a clear strategic direction and focus on operational excellence," says Jayesh Shah, director and chief financial officer.
"While we are on a strong footing globally on operational excellence in textiles, we continue to strive for greater heights. In brands and retail, we are building a business that meets global standards of retailing and supply-chain capabilities."
Besides, it has de-merged the real estate business to de-risk its investors.  New areas of business have been identified to push growth. These include the launch of the e-commerce business and expansion in technical textiles, to cater to business-to-consumer (B2C) and business-to-business (B2B) operations, respectively.
The brands and retail business have contributed significantly to Arvind's re-rating story. It has established strong partnerships with global brands like Tommy Hilfiger, Debenhams, Nautica, Next, Hanes, GAP and others.
Even as the textile business, two-thirds of revenues in FY14, continues to do well, analysts expect its brands and retail business (28 per cent of revenues) to be a key growth engine.
Other factors that have contributed to the rally include delivering results and meeting/beating investor expectations; macroeconomic factors like favourable currency, cotton, political stability; higher coverage by top analysts; and marquee/foreign institutional investors (FIIs). At the end of the June quarter, FIIs owned 23.3 per cent of Arvind compared with 15.7 per cent at the end of the September quarter. Promoter holding remains stable at 43.5 per cent.
"Though we believe this is a long journey, in terms of capital allocation, there is greater focus on asset-light businesses like brands and garmenting which also strengthens the fabric business model. Our textiles business is also becoming more differentiated on capabilities in the global context," Shah says.
It is a strategy similar to what Arvind initiated in the 1990s, of balancing B2B and B2C businesses (though majorly in denim).
The company expects to reach $3 billion in topline by FY19, with $1 billion targeted to come from brands. The major growth drivers will be B2C businesses, growing at 30-35 per cent annually, whereas large growth will be led by garmenting operations in textiles. Arvind expects the e-commerce business to contribute Rs 1,000 crore to its revenues in three years.
In a report last week, Niket Shah and Atul Mehra of Motilal Oswal Securities said, “We believe Arvind’s foray in e-commerce will provide a huge edge, given its backward integration into textiles and its strong expertise in supply-chain management. We believe the tie-up of GAP and Childrensplace complemented by the launch of e-commerce and restructuring makes a strong case for re-rating.”
The management believes branded garments business is the only category where e-commerce players are earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (Ebitda)-positive, which means it should contribute to profits from the start.
The challenge that Arvind still faces is the level of debt at nearly Rs 3,000 crore, reflecting a consolidated debt-equity ratio of 1.27 at the end of FY14. However, the company is confident that over the next two-three years, it will grow in absolute terms but reduce leverage. Measures to turnaround MegaMart, its apparel retail stores, over the next two years should add to Arvind’s profits.
While Arvind is planning a Capex of Rs 400-500 crore for the next three-four years, it will be funded through operating cash flows. "Beyond this, we also have Arvind's land bank that we will continue to monetise opportunistically," Shah adds.
Analysts expect land (not a part of the demerged real estate business) monetisation to fetch up to Rs 500 crore.
As a result of these initiatives and driven by brands and textiles expansion, analysts at Standard Chartered Securities expect Arvind's return on capital employed to improve by more than 300 basis points over FY14-17 to 23 per cent. They also believe Arvind's brands business could list around FY17-18. Such a move could help unlock value for shareholders.
Most analysts remain positive on the company. The flip side is the average target price of Rs 289 of analysts polled by Bloomberg since July, which indicates that the good news priced in. Arvind’s scrip now trades at 18.6 times FY16 estimated earnings, more than double its historical average one-year forward PE of 7.2 times. While the price of its key raw material cotton is on a decline, execution in brands business is the key risk. Investors with a long-term horizon can consider the stock on a meaningful correction.

Shiv Sena says won t budge from 151 Assembly seats demandSep 24, 2014 at 11:57pm IST
Shiv Sena says won't budge from 151 Assembly seats demand
4
0
Mumbai: Amid the tussle over seat-sharing between the saffron-led alliance partners in Maharashtra, Shiv Sena on Wednesday asserted it will not step back from its demand for 151 asssembly seats "come what may".
"Shiv Sena is a very big party in Maharashtra. And that is why we will definitely fight elections on 151 assembly seats. Even (Sena chief) Uddhavji has made this very clear. We will not go back on this decision of ours come what may," party spokesman Sanjay Raut said here.
Sena is insisting on a formula under which it will get to contest 151 seats, BJP 130 and other allies seven. The state has 288-member assembly. However, the minor partners have expressed displeasure over Sena's formula and are demanding more seats for themselves.
Sena is insisting on a formula under which it will get to contest 151 seats, BJP 130 and other allies seven.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #bjp
Raut, who is also an MP, was talking to reporters on the sidelines of his meeting with Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray at the latter's residence in suburban Bandra. Rejecting suggestions of minor parties walking out of the six-member `mahayuti' (Sena-BJP-led grand Opposition bloc), he said they are intelligent enough to stick together and fight the October 15 assembly polls as one force.
"All our alliance partners, be it Raju Shetti (Swabhimani Shetkari Sangathana), Mahadev Jankar (Rashtriya Samaj Party), Vinayak Mete (Shiv Sangram) or Ramdas Athavale (RPI) are intelligent enough to know that we need to fight the elections together. And we are sincerely holding talks to sort out the issue on seat-sharing," Raut said.
The senior Sena leader said it will be unfortunate if any of the parties quits the alliance cobbled ahead of the April-May Lok Sabha polls, which it swept in Maharashtra, winning 42 of the 48 seats.
0

Fed s Evans Sees Dangers From Premature Rate HikeAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Mangalyaan enters Mars orbit in maiden attemptMangalyaan enters Mars orbit in maiden attempt
T E Narasimhan & Mahesh Kulkarni | Chennai $@$# Bangalore Sep 25, 2014 12:58 AM IST
India has secured for itself a unique place in the annals of space exploration by becoming the first country to enter the Mars orbit in its maiden attempt. With the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) on Wednesday successfully inserting Mangalyaan, its Rs 450-crore spacecraft, into Mars’ orbit, the number of orbiters at work around that planet reached seven.
A day earlier, India had become the first Asian country to enter Mars’ sphere of influence (gravity); a similar mission by China had failed in 2011.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who witnessed Wednesday’s historic event from Isro’s Bangalore headquarters, was one of the first to wish Chairman K Radhakrishnan and his team of scientists for the success of the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM). Excitement over this breakthrough in space technology was palpable around the country — among ordinary citizens, as well as scientists. Isro’s official page on social networking website Facebook had received as many 4,689 new followers, including the prime minister, within 40 minutes of the mission’s success.    
Modi lauded the Isro scientists for achieving the rare feat in less than three years from conception of the project. Speaking from the mission centre, he said: “Mangal ko MOM mil gaya. MOM kabhi niraash nahi karti (Mars has got MOM - referring to the mission as mother - and MOM never disappoints).”
“Atalji’s vision had inspired us to go for the moon. The successful Chandrayan mission then led to the Mars Orbiter Mission. Let today’s success drive us with even greater vigour and conviction. Let's set even more challenging goals for ourselves,” he said.
Of the 51 Mars missions by countries across the world so far, only 21 have succeeded - and none in the first attempt. “We have reached the unknown by daring to go beyond boundaries of human enterprise and imagination, despite the odds stacked against us,” the prime minister said.
With Wednesday’s success, Isro has joined a select club including the US, the European Space Agency and Russia, which had either reached the Red Planet or its orbit earlier.
“No one represents the zeal to explore the unknown more than our space scientists do here at Isro. Through your brilliance and hard work, you have made achieving the impossible a habit,” Modi said, adding that the India of today’s times must play a leading role and be “Jagad-guru Bharat”.
The events that began at 4.17 am on Wednesday led to placing of the MOM into the Martian orbit at 8.02 am. The spacecraft had until then travelled nearly 650 million km over 300 days to reach that planet.
Two days earlier, Isro had successfully conducted a trajectory correction manoeuvre and a test-firing of the Main Liquid Engine, which had been in the sleep mode through its journey on board the spacecraft. The test-firing was crucial to allowing the MOM to go ahead with the nominal plans for the Mars orbit insertion. The success had come even as the unmanned probe had entered the Mars’ gravitational sphere of influence on the same day.
A senior ISRO official on Wednesday said the Indian spacecraft had reached the Red Planet as scheduled. It successfully entered the Martian orbit and was circling Mars in an orbit whose nearest point to the plant (periapsis) was 421.7 km and farthest (apoapsis) at 76,993.6 km. The orbit’s inclination with respect to Mars’ equatorial plane was 150 degrees, as intended. In this orbit, the spacecraft takes 72 hours, 51 minutes and 51 seconds for one revolution round the planet.
Radars at the earth stations - the US’ National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa), Spain’s Madrid, Australia's Canberra and India's deep-space network at Byalalu near Bangalore - received radio signals from the Orbiter to confirm an insertion in the Mars orbit. Towards late evening, Isro had received the first set of data from the spacecraft. Almost 12 hours after being put into orbit, Mangalyaan sent some pictures, which sources said were those of Mars’ surface, to Isro’s ground station.
Over the next six months, the five scientific instruments on board the 475-kg (dry mass) MOM will study the Red Planet's surface and its mineral composition, besides scanning its atmosphere for methane gas in search of life-sustaining elements.
India’s ambitious Mars mission had been launched on board a polar rocket from the spaceport at Sriharikota, off the Bay of Bengal, about 80 km northeast of Chennai, on November 5 last year.
The fourth planet from the sun, the Mars is the second-smallest celestial body in the solar system. The Earth and that planet take an almost equal amount of time to rotate on their respective axes - Mars takes 24 hours and 37 minutes, compared with the earth’s 24 hours. For a revolution around the sun, however, the Mars takes 687 days, against the Earth's 365.

JSW enters fray as Reliance-JP Power deal fa...Adani Group
(According to two persons…)
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Reliance Power, owned by billionaire Anil Ambani, has abandoned plans to acquire the hydropower business of Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd, terminating what would have been one of the largest deals in the Indian power sector. But even as the deal between the two crumbled, another transaction appeared to be taking wings with Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Energy entering the fray again.
On Thursday, senior representatives of the JSW Group are expected to meet Jaypee group chief Manoj Gaur in New Delhi to revive talks on its hydro assets, said people in the know.
It is not clear if Jindal himself will be there as sources said he is travelling to US. JSW is keen on all three hydro assets of Jaypee. However, "the third JP hydro unit, i.e Vishnuprayag, is not fully operational. So even during due diligence with ADA, it was not passing muster," said a senior source.
"JSW may also want to include the 500-MW Bina thermal asset of JP," said another source. A deal could be announced in the near future. People ET spoke to for the story gave their comments on condition of anonymity. The fresh twist in the tale could result in a transaction worth more than Rs 12,000 crore, a little higher than the amount Reliance Power would have paid, as per an earlier announcement, if the deal had gone through.
On Wednesday evening, both Reliance Power and Jaypee Group issued statements announcing the collapse of talks between the two but appeared to differ on the reasons for the deal falling through. While Reliance Power issued a statement citing "prevailing regulatory uncertainties", a statement from the Jaypee Group, the owners of Jaiprakash Power Ventures, explicitly denied the existence of any such uncertainty.
"Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and Jaiprakash Power Ventures Limited (JPVL) have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power's acquisition of JPVL's hydro portfolio of 3 projects with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 MWs," a Reliance Power spokesperson said.
But the Jaypee Group said "differences of commercial aspects" has caused the problem.
"For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG has been called off," Askar H Zaidi, head, corporate communications, Jaypee Group said in a press release.
"The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of the shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country," Manoj Gaur was quoted as saying in the statement.
Senior banking industry sources said that on Thursday, officials from ICICI Bank, which has the highest loan exposure to the group at Rs 14,000 crore, will fly down to Delhi to meet Manoj Gaur to find a way forward.Power-to-port developer Adani group, owned by billionaire Gautam Adani, could also re-enter the fray, these sources said.
On Monday and Tuesday, there were frantic efforts to save the deal as top officials from both sides, including Amitabh Jhunjhunwala, a close aide of Anil Ambani, and Suren Jain, managing director and chief financial officer, Jaiprakash Power Ventures, met in Mumbai along with their lawyers, in an attempt to seal the transaction by September 28, the deadline agreed to between the two companies.
  According to two persons directly involved in the negotiations, differences cropped up after Reliance Power sought a bank guarantee for 200 MW of the 1,200 MW Karcham Wangtoo project. The Central Electricity Authority, a regulatory panel, has issued a show-cause notice for violation of Techno Economic Clearance condition granted to the project after it found Jaypee had increased its capacity to 1,200 MW against the permitted 1000 MW.
Reliance Power sought a guarantee for the extra 200 MW which is facing regulatory uncertainty. Further, Reliance Power promised not to encash the guarantee if the regulator cleared this capacity and this condition was agreed to by Jaypee, according to these persons. But at the last minute, Jaypee Group changed its mind and the buyer (Reliance Power) was unable to fix a value to the project, according to this version of events.
The collapse of the deal would mean that it's back to the drawing board for the Jaypee Group, which is under pressure from its lenders to cut debt. Jaypee, which has a debt of Rs 60,000 crore, which it used to build power plants and roads, had planned to reduce debt by Rs 12,000 crore by selling the hydel assets.Analysts say the latest turn of events could put Jaypee under financial strain.
"Jaypee got into the deal in the first place because it is under severe capital crunch....The hydro asset sale would have helped the company fix its cash flows for the next 2 years,'' says a Mumbai-based utilities analyst. "Seen from that light, this is a big blow.''
Jaypee Group had earlier sold one of its cement plants to Aditya Birla group, another one to Dalmia Bharat Cements. Earlier it signed a deal with Abu Dhabi electricity company TAQA to sell these hydel projects for $1.6 billion. But Taqa walked off the deal three months after signing an agreement because the state governments had refused consent, according to media reports.' Jaypee's debt to equity is alarmingly high at roughly 4.1:1,'' the analyst said. "Something drastic needs to be done... Fortunately the assets are world class so there should be takers for them."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vishal Sikka s innovation drive: Infosys to double investment in FinacleCEO
(Over the last three years Finacle has…)
BANGALORE: Vishal Sikka's drive to put innovation at the core of Infosys culture to offer new products and solutions is underlined by the CEO promising to double company's investment in its core banking product, Finacle, which until late last year was being considered to be sold-off.
With Sikka at the helm, Infosys has shelved plans to explore selling off its banking product Finacle, as the Board of Infosys until late last year wanted to spin off Finacle and then look out for a buyer, two executives directly familiar with the development told ET. "The proposal was brought before the board in October last year," one person directly familiar with Board told ET, adding that it was subsequently shelved because company's transition process started. "The thinking was to spin it off as a subsidiary and then evaluate firms which could take it," said the second executive directly familiar with the process.
An Infosys spokeswoman declined to comment.
Although Infosys does not share revenues generated from its core banking product, over the last three years Finacle has seen revenues dip from $314 million in 2012 to $297 million by the end of March 2014, estimates advisory firm Nelson Hall. This was mainly on account of poor demand from banks to invest in next generation core banking solutions and company's inability to tap into the large US market, said one former Infosys executive.
For now, Infosys clubs revenues from Finacle along with its clients from the banking, financial services and insurance space, which accounts for a little over 33.5% of company's $8.25 billion revenues.
Last week, Sikka told industry participants at an Infosys customer event in Berlin that among other things, he plans to double investments in Finacle, without sharing details. Some experts, including Rachael Stormonth, senior vice president at Nelson Hall, believe that Infosys may look at expanding Finacle brand to include insurance, something which Mumbai-based TCS has done with its core banking product BaNCS.
"Sikka did say he will double his investment in Finacle," said Stormonth, adding that the investment could include adding functionalities around its "mobile banking and wealth management". "He also implied a greater push to cross-sell Finacle into Infosys' existing banking client base". To be sure, core banking solutions market is believed to be northwards of $20 billion opportunity, according to company executives.
For now, Infosys has been successful in selling Finacle to 170 banks in emerging markets, including Asia Pacific, Middle East and Latin America , and has built customer base in Ireland , the Netherlands and the UK. These geographies account for about over 90% of Finacle's revenues while US accounts for remaining 8-9%, according to an executive at banking financial and services space at Infosys. Experts at Forrester and Nelson Hall believe that Sikka could help expand Finacle's reach in the US as there is "pent-up demand" for replacement of core banking systems from both large and small banks.
"Finacle is also one of a small group of solutions that offer more than basic social media support," said Frederic Giron, VP and Research Director, Forrester Research.
"While the key differentiators of Finacle's application architecture were slightly diluted in the past, the banking platform has returned to its old strength and offers flexibility regarding, for example, business process design....[T]he change in Infosys' executive leadership has the potential to increase Finacle's relevance within Infosys beyond its current status".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meet Hansraj Ahir  the man who unearthed coa...You are here: Home > Collections > Cag
Meet Hansraj Ahir, the man who unearthed coal scam
Nistula Hebbar, ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 04.08AM IST
Tags:
BJP MP
(“I come from Maharashtra,…)
NEW DELHI: A one-line entry in BJP MP Hansraj Ahir's bio-data on the Lok Sabha website that lists "environmental protection" as his special interest is hardly a clue to the fact that he is indeed the man who set the ball rolling in the coal block allocation case, which concluded today with the Supreme Court cancelling all but four of the allotments.
Ahir, who represents Chandrapur in Maharashtra, is the person who raised the alarm over the allocation of coal blocks for free, first with the parliamentary committee on coal and steel and later with the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC).
"I come from Maharashtra, where coal reserves are among the lowest, only 3.4% of all coal reserves. These were being allocated. Not just that, they were being allocated for free and without auction," he said.
The environmental havoc caused by mining had made him very cautious about the allocation procedures. From 2004 till about 2006, he kept raising the matter, writing frequently to the Prime Minister, the chief vigilance commissioner and even the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India. Many in his party doubted whether his efforts would amount to much.
In 2007, lawyer Sudiep Shrivastava moved the first application on the issue under the Right to Information Act, demanding details of how and to whom coal blocks had been allotted and the state of their productivity. For six months, nothing happened.
"Then an MP, probably from the Left, raised a question in Parliament on the same lines. We both got the same answers, at the same time," says Shrivastava, who credits Ahir for being diligent with his pursuit of an audit and vigilance enquiry. Information from the response to the RTI query formed the basis for a lot of the legal work on the issue.
After Nitin Gadkari took over as BJP chief in 2009, current information and broadcasting minister Prakash Javadekar was asked to help Ahir press his case for an examination of the allocations. The party was finally coming around to the fact that the coal allocation issue could be a potential time bomb for the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government.
The added heft to the demand finally led to an audit by the CAG as well as an adverse CVC report. "In 2010, when the CAG came out with its figures of loss to the exchequer, the UPA government lost an opportunity. They should have formed a committee, cancelled the coal blocks and re-allocated them through new norms. Instead, the Supreme Court had to step in," Ahir told ET.
He admits to a sense of closure with regard to the coal block allocation issue. "I'm just happy that what belongs to the country has reverted and is not being given away for free," the four-time MP said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gas pricing: Citing state polls  oil ministry tells Cabinet to defer decisionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nifty seen opening higher; F&O expiry eyedBSE
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Thursday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets ahead of September F&O expiry.
The market is likely to remain volatile as traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 23.50 points higher at 8035 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty remained highly volatile throughout the session and finally concluded the day with a loss of 15 points at 8002. The S&P BSE Sensex managed to close 31 points lower at 26744.69 on Wednesday.
As long as 7925 is held on Nifty as a support there may be a bounce back till 8030 and if the bounce extends then 8080 may also be tested.
"Nifty trades near a very important juncture on a positional basis, whether or not 7925 is respected as a support in coming few sessions would provide the cues for coming weeks," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"In case 7925 is protected and Nifty clears the resistance of 8160 then we may see it scale higher till 8229, else in an alternate scenario if 7925 is breached and Nifty also closes below 7850 then it would open up a possibility of a deeper correction in coming weeks," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks ended higher with the S&P 500 snapping a three-day losing streak and climbing back above a key technical level in a move that pointed to improving near-term momentum.
"The S&P posted its biggest one-day advance in more than a month and closed above its 14-day moving average, which it had ended under for the previous two sessions. The day's advance continues a long-running trend of investors buying on dips," Reuters reported.
On the macro front, new home sales jumped sharply in August, easing concerns over the sector stemming from Monday's weak report on existing home sales, added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.6 points, or 0.91 percent, to 17,211.47, the S&P 500 gained 15.65 points, or 0.79 percent, to 1,998.42 and the Nasdaq Composite added 46.53 points, or 1.03 per cent, to 4,555.22.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.49 per cent higher at 16,349 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.32 per cent higher at 23,998.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.32 per cent higher at 2,042 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.48 per cent higher at 2,354.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Asia Cheered by Wall Street ReboundYou are here: Home Market
Asia Cheered by Wall Street Rebound, Dollar Resumes Advance
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 07:24 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Tokyo: Asian stocks rose early on Thursday, cheered by a sizeable overnight rebound on Wall Street, while the dollar resumed its advance after upbeat economic data undercut safe-haven bids and pushed yields higher.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.1 per cent, pulling away from a four-month low touched the previous day when US-led air strikes in Syria stoked geopolitical concerns.
Tokyo's Nikkei rose 1 percent, heartened as the yen resumed its weakening against the dollar.
Wall Street rebounded broadly overnight, buoyed by strong US housing data and with dovish statements from a top Federal Reserve official also helping.
"Risk aversion was increasing across global equities this week, but once again it was the US market that helped clear uncertainty," said Junichi Ishikawa, a market strategist at IG Securities in Tokyo.
The dollar, rejuvenated after benchmark US Treasury yields rose for the first time in four days and as the euro slumped to fresh lows, edged closer to a six-year high versus the yen.
The dollar traded as high as 109.27 yen. A break above 109.46 would take the greenback to a high not seen since 2008.
The euro hovered close to a 14-month trough of 1.2774 struck overnight on poor German data and statements by European Central Bank President Mario Draghi monetary policy would be kept loose for an extended period.
The Australian dollar managed to bounce back towards 89 US cents from a seven-month low of $0.8831 plumbed on Tuesday as risk appetite improved.
Reserve Bank of Australia Governor Glenn Stevens will give a brief speech at 0230 GMT that could potentially offer trading insights, but he is not scheduled to take questions.
For broader cues the financial markets are eyeing US jobless claims and durable goods numbers due later in the day for potential impact on yields and currencies.
In a week filled with appearances by US central bank officials, investors today await Atlanta Fed president Dennis Lochart's speech.
In commodities, Brent crude oil extended gains on escalating conflict in the Middle East and stronger-than-expected growth expectations for China helped lift the benchmark off a two-year low the previous day.
Brent rose 4 cents to 96.99 a barrel.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Mars Mission: People who played a key role | Pouring praise | It s rocket science!The 56 -year-old scientist from Kodhawady, a small vil lage near Coimbatore, had never stepped out of his district until he finished his Masters.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: It is ironical that the man who successfully led the country's mission to Mars is considered to be under the negative influence of the Red Planet under Indian astrology.
As a manglik, Mylswamy Annadurai — the mission director of Isro's Mangalyaan spacecraft — had to find a life partner who also had the same impact from the planet. It was truly a match made in the heavens. Annadurai considers his wife Vasanthi one of his biggest fans. She collects even small snippets of news about her husband appearing in the media.
The 56 -year-old scientist from Kodhawady, a small vil lage near Coimbatore, had never stepped out of his district until he finished his Masters. He obtained a Bachelors in Engineering degree from Government College of Technology, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu , India and completed his Masters Degree in Engineering from PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore. Annadurai joined Isro in 1982 at the age of 24 and had previously been in-charge of India's satellite launches. Before this, he successfully completed India's maiden moon mission Chandrayaan-1 as well as the Insat satellite launches.
His wife Vasanthi said Annadurai has always been fascinated with the moon. She recalled as a young scientist during early days of marriage he would lie on the rooftop of the house and gaze at the moon for hours. Vasanthi would warn him that he could catch cold, would pay no heed.
Annadurai's close friends say that he believes himself to be fortunate that he gets paid for doing something that he really loves. In fact, he writes regular weekly columns in Tamil periodicals to explain rocket science in simple language to inspire the youth.
Also, during holidays, Annadurai loves to tour across the country, meeting and interacting with the students to spread awareness on science and technology.
Annadurai begins his day by reading at least a couple of pages from the Bhagavad Gita. When his mind is preoccupied, he reads an entire chapter. "For the past 34 years, it is my practice to start the day reading two pages of the Gita," said Annadurai at an earlier event.
Annadurai would have most likely read entire chapters of the Gita on Monday and Tuesday when India's Mars mission reached a crucial phase.
Key People
K Radhakrishnan: Chairman of Isro, and Secretary , Department of Space. Responsible for leading the mission and co-ordinating all Isro activities.
S Ramakrishnan: Director of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre and Member of the Launch Authorisation Board . He played an integral in developing the PSLV that ferried Mangalyaan.
P Kunhikrishnan: Project director of the PSLV programme. His responsibility included ensuring the successful completion of mission by the rocket, and the satellite was projected into space.
SK Shivakumar: Director, Isro Satellite Centre . He was also part of the team that developed the telemetry system for Chandrayaan-I, India's first lunar exploration mission.

Indian rupee opens flat at 60.92 per dollarSep 25, 2014, 09.02 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens flat at 60.92 per dollar
The rupee is expected to trade in a range of 60.85-61.25/dollar today, says Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens flat at 60.92 per dollar
The rupee is expected to trade in a range of 60.85-61.25/dollar today, says Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened flat at 60.92 per dollar on Thursday against previous day's closing of 60.96.
Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank said, "Dollar strength continues against major currencies globally. The correction in Sensex due to SC ruling on coal block allocation might result in marginal rupee weakness.”
“The rupee is expected to trade in a range of 60.85-61.25/dollar today," he added.
According to Emkay, SPOT USDINR prices after breaking the trend line could not move above 61.20 levels. Today prices are expected to have resistance at 60.85-60.88 and prices can remain under pressure. Prices can attempt to break 60.65-60.70 which is very crucial support to be breached for further fall. Prices should not move above 61.00 to remain weak for the day.
Meanwhile, the euro languishes near a 14-month trough after slipping below 1.27 to the dollar. The dollar index breaks above 85 for the first time since July 2010.
RELATED NEWS

Should you invest like promotersShould you invest like promoters
Don t let international crisis overshadow Indo-US tiesDon t let international crisis overshadow Indo-US ties
Market to open on positive note: Ventura SecuritiesMarket to open on positive note: Ventura Securities
SBI in focus after board OKs stock splitSBI in focus after board OKs stock split
NPA worries over coal blocks: Banks call meet to chalk out strategyNPA worries over coal blocks: Banks call meet to chalk out strategy
Make in India: How PM Modi s ambitious plan will make India a manufacturing superpowerMake in India: How PM Modi s ambitious plan will make India a manufacturing superpower
Mars Orbiter Spacecraft Inserted into Mars OrbitMars Orbiter Spacecraft Inserted into Mars Orbit
Pre-market: Metal  power shares; Sep F&O expiry in focusPre-market: Metal  power shares; Sep F&O expiry in focus
PM Modi to launch  Make in India  initiativePM Modi to launch  Make in India  initiative
Power regulator proposes tariff hike in TNPower regulator proposes tariff hike in TN
A minority dream of common senseEYE BROWSE
A Minority Dream of Common Sense
Sometimes it's easy to forget that there are plenty of Indians who live a world away from the diversionary politics of ‘love jihad’, artistic censorship and religious polarization. Our writer visits one school in Bangalore that is subsidized by a mosque, employs Hindu and Muslim teachers, is headed by a Christian principal, and is eagerly honoring its Right to Education responsibilities. A school that shows there is no need to look for legal loopholes or social shortcuts if education is really your priority.
By Margot Cohen | Grist Media –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014
Recommend
Print
Students at MM English Medium School in Bangalore. Photo by Mohan Prasad.
Red light, green light, everyone knows the drill. In a lesson on road safety, the third standard students at Bangalore’s MM Nursery and Primary School perk up. “If the red light is there, will you go?” asks the teacher. “NOOOO,” they shout.  
In this class of 31 pupils, five have parents who do not pay school fees. That waiver is due to the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act – a path-breaking law that seems to bring a fresh blast of controversy each day. The Act is intended to boost social equity, raise the standards of education and protect children from physical harm.
But across India, legal challenges and bureaucratic blunders abound, while happy kids don’t get much press. Countless private schools remain loath to provide 25 percent of their entry-level seats to children from poor and ‘lower’ caste families – as mandated by one clause of the sweeping law. In Mysore, for example, one school found the clause so onerous that it simply moved to a new location without bothering to inform the RTE parents.
Recently, thousands of schools have rushed to label themselves “minority institutions” in the wake of an RTE exemption in May upheld by the Supreme Court. Various states are wrangling over the definition of “minority”. Lesson for parents: beware the glare of flashing red lights.
Students hurrying in before the school day begins. Photo by Mohan Prasad.
In this corner of Tasker Town, though, the green light emits a quiet, steady gleam. This is the story of a school that is not looking for a loophole in the law. The MM school sits in a historic Bangalore neighborhood, home to vegetable vendors, domestic helpers, trinket sellers, autorickshaw drivers, shoe salesmen and families devoted to various religious faiths. Some worship at the graceful Modi Masjid, a Sunni mosque established more than 125 years ago. Others pause for a puja at one of several Hindu temples nearby, or find peace in a church marked with a glowing red cross. Primarily populated by the working class, Tasker Town (virtually swallowed by the more famous locality of Shivajinagar) also has its share of middle-class families, along with those who simply can’t figure out how to pay off the moneylender. Congested by day, the neighborhood hums with intimate, tolerant life at night.
Anees Ali Khan grew up in this neighborhood, joining his neighbors for prayers at the local Modi Masjid. Now he’s a High Court advocate, practicing law from a small office around the corner from the mosque. He has no interest in using his legal skills to undermine the RTE. As secretary of the Modi Masjid Education Trust – which founded the MM School in 2002 and subsidizes 80 percent of its costs – Khan can’t understand the logic of all those school administrators seeking to duck the new law and its 25 percent clause. Since 2012, his English-medium school has easily absorbed 12 RTE students (now spread among the first, second and third standards) in a school of 315 boys and girls, and Khan expresses no hesitation in welcoming more in the years to come
“What is wrong in accepting the RTE?” asks Khan, a brisk man in blue shirtsleeves. “You are just giving education to children. I don’t think a law is required for this. It is common sense that is required.”
Neither does he wish to chase a “minority institution” certificate for his school, even though he could easily obtain one, given that the school’s founders are Muslim and some 75 percent of the pupils are also Muslim.
“We never wanted to have a tag as a ‘Muslim school’,” Khan explains. “A school is a school. We want to educate children, not those of any particular religion or caste. Generally, you have to respect the feelings of every religion.”
The MM school employs both Hindu and Muslim teachers. Its principal is Christian. Khan sees nothing extraordinary in that either. “The person was qualified, and we just hired her. That’s it,” he adds.
Diversity shaped Khan’s own school days. He first studied at the government-aided Tagore Montessori School, moving on to St Joseph’s Boy’s High School. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree at the Al-Ameen College, and proceeded to earn a degree at the Shri Jagadguru Renukacharya College of Law. Such crossover students fill the annals of Indian education.
Morning prayers at MM English Medium School. Photo by Mohan Prasad.
Sometimes it’s easy to forget that there are plenty of people like Khan in India – people whose lives seem a world away from the media barrage about religious polarization, ISIS recruitment, claims of a “Love Jihad,” or attacks on art or literature or migrants in the name of religion. But Khan is not the hero of this story, perhaps because there may be no need for heroes or heroines in the circles supporting the MM School. Just a collection of people – teachers, parents, grandparents and philanthropists – who think that religious and economic barriers are unnecessary, and that education should come first.
A number of non-RTE parents seem equally matter-of-fact when it comes to discussing children who attend the MM school without paying tuition fees. Take 24-year-old Aliya Rumana, who leaves the house clad in a black burqa when she takes her children’s hot lunches to school. Her son studies in the first standard, her daughter in the third. Her husband, Ejaz Ahmad Khan, supports the family by selling handicrafts, including carved elephants and Hindu idols. Rumana chips in by tutoring students in English and math. Their cramped living room features a colorful poster of a brother and sister sitting together to read the Koran.
Rumana, the daughter of a tailor in Hyderabad, has no quarrel with the notion that she is paying full fees for her children, while others don’t pay. “This is very fair,” she says. “Everybody has the right to be well-educated. We have to help them.” She pauses when asked to consider the protests engulfing other schools. “Some will understand, and some will not,” she concludes.
The grandparents of other children are also on board. Manohar Kamble, a 68-year old carpenter from Davangere, believes that his grandson in the first standard should mix with others, regardless of their parents’ income. He sees similarities between the MM School and schools run by the Sree Siddaganga Mutt, which accept children from varied backgrounds. “If we see those children, there is no difference between Ram and Rahim,” he insists.
At MM School, each day starts with an 8.45am prayer. In rows of six – a striped hoodie here, a purple headscarf there, oiled pigtails everywhere – the children close their eyes, cross their arms and bow their heads. They rush through the prayer in Urdu: “Thee alone we ask for help/Ask for the straight path/The path of those/Whom Thou has favored/Not the path of those who go astray.”
Then the students open their eyes wide and sing: “I love my country and I am proud of its rich and varied heritage. I shall always strive to be worthy of it.” Before clambering upstairs to class, some toss a quick salute to the 46-year old principal, Veena Vijay Nesam, a tall figure in a roomy white kurta and sneakers. In 2005, Nesam was ready to board a train back to her post as vice-principal at a Darjeeling school when her elderly mother showed her an advertisement looking for someone to run the MM School. She canceled the train ticket, got the job and hunkered down in Tasker Town.
At Ambedkar Colony, a short walk from the MM school, a trio of RTE mothers exults over the chance to send their children to a private English-medium school. They are all Tamil-speaking ‘lower’-caste Hindus, born into the Adi Dravida caste, and they couldn’t care less that their kids recite an Urdu prayer each morning. “Nothing to worry about,” one mother says. What counts is getting away from decrepit government schools, and giving their kids a better opportunity to learn English.    
“At other [private] schools, if you don’t pay the fees for one month, the child is sent right back home,” says another mother, who earns Rs 3,000 a month by cleaning nearby apartments. Her husband works in a dry cleaning store. Her daughter, now in the second standard, is thriving. “In school, there is unity. There are no barriers,” she says. Flashing a smile, she adds that there are only two types of people on earth: male and female.
Veena Vijay Nesam, principal of MM School. Photo by Mohan Prasad.
The mothers reserve much of their praise for Nesam, the school principal, who explained to them the “scholarship” scheme under the RTE and arranged the paperwork. Furthermore, they say she listened to them patiently without dismissing their views. Says one mother: “The sort of respect we get from the principal, we don’t get anywhere else.”
* * *
What about respect for India’s Constitution? Surely, it offers protection to both religious and linguistic minorities to manage their schools free of government interference. This is the cornerstone of the argument that such institutions should not be compelled to follow the RTE. In a May ruling, the Supreme Court endorsed this view , to the dismay of some RTE activists. (Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resource Development announced that minority schools must still abide by certain other RTE provisions that outlaw corporal punishment and mandate continuous promotion until Class 8.)
The problem rests in defining what exactly constitutes a “minority” institution. The guidelines set by the National Commission on Minority Educational Institutions (NCMEI) are both lengthy and vague. According to the NCMEI, a “substantive” portion of students should hail from the same minority group as the management of the school. An earlier Supreme Court decision suggested a “sprinkling” of outsiders. But education is a state subject, and thus states like Karnataka and the Union Territory of Puducherry are enmeshed in a struggle over student-body percentages – bouncing around figures like 75, 50, and 25 – along with certificates to “prove” that school trustees are members of one minority or another.
Other states like Tamil Nadu look solely at the make-up of the management and don’t seek to measure the student body at all. It’s a hot mess. In Maharashtra, one school kicked out a group of RTE children as soon as it obtained a minority certificate, and reluctantly readmitted them following a court order. In Bangalore, even a court order has fallen on deaf ears.
Primary school students during a class at MM School. Photo by Mohan Prasad.
There is no mystery here. Many schools simply want to be left alone to control their own finances and choose their own students. They don’t want to swallow the costs of providing 25 percent of their seats for free, with just some paltry – and delayed – compensation from the government (in Karnataka, for example, the maximum compensation is Rs 11,848 per child per year. But this is calculated on a sliding scale, and schools like MM School, which charge low fees, are given less). They may be willing to give a free ride to a select pool of economically disadvantaged students – indeed, some refer to long-established scholarship programs – but they just don’t want to submit audit reports or be scrutinized by government bureaucrats eyeing a seat for a favored relative.
Some argue that corruption has opened the door to RTE children who are not underprivileged. More ominously, some cling to the conviction that a poor child will never manage to keep up academically or socially with wealthier children, and fear that the school’s prestige and test scores will falter. According to one report , the number of RTE quota seats in Karnataka have actually decreased rather than increased over the last three years, while applications for those seats have more than quadrupled.
The minority exemption has thus become a tantalizing prize, with some strenuous efforts to grab it (Karnataka now requires 25 percent of the student body to belong to the same linguistic or religious minority as the management of the school). Consider the Orchids Education Society in Kumarabeedu, a village in Mysore. It claimed to be a “multi-linguistic minority,” pointing to students who speak Coorgi, Konkani and Malayalam. No such category exists, and no certificate was issued. Or take Citizen Education Society in Rajajinagar, Bangalore. It wanted to be a Malayalam-linguistic minority school, but did not have a sufficient number of Malayalam-speaking students.
Schools that fail to get a nod from the state are free to try their chances with the NCMEI, but the commission only handles religious minorities, not linguistic minorities. A government education official in Bangalore admits, “The dichotomy is there. They say, yes, we protect our culture. And next they say, we'll teach in English. So they don't protect the language." In the past, Karnataka issued 1,059 minority certificates, but officials are now insisting that most of those schools will have to reapply for renewals. On this road, the red lights and green lights keep changing.
The NCMEI won’t reveal the number of applications pending for a minority certificate . “It’s increasing every day,” admits one member. To navigate the process, some Karnataka schools have hired a plainspoken advocate, CR Mohamed Imtiaz, to present their documents before the commission. “Previously, it would take two months. Now the rush is heavy, it will take six to eight months,” predicts Imtiaz, munching peanuts in his tiny office in Shivajinagar, a ten-minute walk from the Modi Masjid. Actually, he finds the notion of getting a certificate confirming religious affiliation rather absurd. “Does the government have the authority to say, I am a Muslim? Or I am a Christian?” he challenges.  
In a petition filed in the Karnataka High Court in early September, the Azim Premji Foundation argued that an “increasing number of schools are seeking a minority status without having any interest in furthering the language or the culture of the concerned minority...It is necessary to pierce the minority veil and recognize that these schools merely seek to escape their obligations under the RTE Act, 2009.”
For Khan at the MM School, finances are not a great concern. The school was designed to serve the working class, so the regular fees are already low, about Rs 350 per month. So far, the government has only coughed up RTE compensation of Rs 1,684 annually, per child. All students, including the RTE beneficiaries, pay extra for books and uniforms. Fees only contribute 20 percent of the school’s needs. To meet its total monthly budget of Rs 1.5 lakh for all students combined, the school receives an 80 percent subsidy from the Modi Masjid, which funnels rent from two local properties into support for the school. “We don’t have any sponsors. We don’t ask anyone to support us,” Khan clarifies. “We are not thinking about losing money.”
For now, they just don’t want to lose the children. Tasker Town is rife with school dropouts, but MM School aims to reverse that trend by providing a solid foundation in the basics. “In some schools, I heard that the RTE children are neglected,” notes Nesam, the principal. “That should not happen in my school. I feel they are special, and they are in our hands.”
Margot Cohen is a writer from New York. Her interest in India follows previous reporting stints in Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.
Recommend

Ambani  Ruia to be part of Make in India programmeAmbani, Ruia to be part of ‘Make in India’ programme
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 23:16 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:02 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the “Make in India” programme on Thursday, ahead of his maiden visit to the US, rolling out the red carpet to investors through a string of measures including easier norms.
Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani, Essar Group chairman Shashi Ruia and many other global and domestic CEOs are expected to attend the event.
In terms of size and reach, the “Make in India” launch will be grander than the Teacher’s Day programme in Modi addressed school students across the country, sources said.
HT had first reported on September 14 about the details of the government’s plans to launch the signature programme “The Make in India campaign is one of the key missions of the government and companies from India and outside are being welcomed to expand and set up facilities for manufacturing in India — for servicing the domestic and global markets. CEOs of important manufacturing companies will be present,” the official invite sent by the government said.
Other CEOs likely to be present at the launch include Tata Group chairman Cyrus Mistry, Mahindra Group CMD Anand Mahindra, Biocon CMD Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw and ITC chairman YC Deveshvar among others.
Industry associations including the Confederation of Indian Industry and the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry have been co-opted for the programme in which state governments have been advised to identify specific obstacles that needs ironing out to enable faster investment flow.
The programme, which will be beamed live across India and the world, will lay down the contours of the government’s plans to make India compete with emerging market peers, particularly China, as the world’s manufacturing factory, with Modi personally reaching out to thousands of global CEOs and corporate influencers in a grand sales pitch.
The “Make in India” programme, first mooted by the Prime Minister during his Independence Day speech last month, will lay special emphasis on 25 sectors.

Syria bombing may hit fuel price  fan inflationSyria bombing may hit fuel price, fan inflation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 23:07 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:45 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
The US-led coalition’s air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria could push up oil prices, fan inflation and dash hopes of lower borrowing rates ahead of the festival season, just when the Indian economy was showing signs of clawing out of its deepest slump in 25 years.
The unrest in oil-rich West Asia isn’t good news for millions of Indians who have been looking forward to lower fuel bills amid signs that petrol prices could come down further, as early as next week, aided by plunging crude oil prices that recently touched $97 a barrel — the lowest in two years.
This had triggered hopes that the creeping increase in monthly diesel bill may also end soon, as the government could anytime announce de-regulation of diesel prices on the back of declining global crude oil prices.
The crisis in Syria and Iraq, India’s second-largest crude oil supplier after Saudi Arabia, and a possible hardening of oil prices, however, could turn the clock back.
For a start, it could mean that India will need to shell out more cash to import fuel, and this in turn will raise prices of transporting goods, leading to higher inflation. And high inflation means that the RBI will hesitate to cut interest rates, a step needed to boost growth.
So, consumers need to keep paying large chunks of their income every month towards repaying housing loans, even as the cost of food and fuel rises.
And it’s not just households that could take the hit. Companies that import raw materials will be hurt badly if crude prices harden and the rupee weakens because of higher dollar demand.
The rupee on Tuesday fell 12 paise to close at a one-week low of 60.94 against the dollar. India, the world’s fourth-largest oil consumer, imports around 190 million tonnes of crude oil a year — costing $145 billion a year, or more than a third of its total import bill.
With every dollar increase in oil prices, the government’s oil import bill goes up by approximately Rs. 4,000 crore. A $2-4 per barrel increase in crude oil prices on an average would mean increasing India’s oil import bill by Rs. 8,000 crore to Rs. 16,000 crore.
While higher oil prices will have a knock on effect on inflation, it also can weaken the rupee as demand for dollars go up to meet import payment obligations.

PM Modi Asks Pepsi  Coke to Blend Fruit Juices in Fizzy DrinksYou are here: Home Corporates
PM Modi Asks Pepsi, Coke to Blend Fruit Juices in Fizzy Drinks
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 15:46 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday said multinational cola giants PepsiCo and Coca-Cola should help augment fruit sales for Indian farmers by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
"Millions of people buy Pepsi and Coke. I have asked these companies if they can put five per cent natural juice in their drinks," PM Modi said on Wednesday in Karnataka.
"If they can, then our farmers will make a lot of money. Our farmers will not have to throw their fruit away," he said after inaugurating a food park with a storage capacity of more than 20,000 tonnes for two dozen food processing companies.
Food processing minister had said last month that PepsiCo should reduce the sugar content of its beverages, and asked the company to partner with the government to develop nutritious processed food for school students.
The companies did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
India, the world's second largest producer of fruits and vegetables, throws away fresh produce worth millions of dollars every year because of the country's lack of adequate cold storage facilities and refrigerated transport.
PM Modi made his pitch to the world's largest drink makers days before a trip to the United States, where he is scheduled to meet top executives from multinational companies, including from PepsiCo.
The country has about 6,500 cold storage facilities and the Prime Minister is seeking foreign investments and technological upgrades to reduce food wastage and expand the food processing network.
The US-beverage companies have earlier stated that they are committed to expanding their presence in Asia's third-largest economy where a growing middle class has more to spend on processed beverages and food.
PepsiCo, the maker of Pepsi-Cola, Frito-Lay snacks and Tropicana juice last year said it had plans to invest $5.5 billion in India. Coca-Cola Co in 2012 allocated $5 billion for investments in Indian market by 2020.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Priyanka Gandhi Vadra serves legal notice on some media outletsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Man slaps Imam Mehadi Hasan over objectionable  Navratri  remarksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Three  Mahayuti  parties quit over Shiv Sena  BJP  betrayalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rupee falls for 3rd day against US dollar  ends at 60.96Rupee falls for 3rd day against US dollar, ends at 60.96
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:40 AM IST
Sustained dollar demand from importers and weakness in local equities on Wednesday pulled the rupee down for a third straight day, with the currency ending two paise lower at 60.97 against the greenback.
Heavy selling by foreign funds yesterday in local stocks and better dollar overseas also kept the rupee under pressure.
At the forex market, the local currency commenced lower at 61.03 a dollar from previous close of 60.95. It moved in a limited range of 60.9250 and 61.05 before settling at 60.95, a fall of two paise or 0.03 per cent.
In three straight days, it has declined 15 paise or 0.25 per cent.
Continued month-end dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners weighed on the rupee.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today washed out major part of afternoon session losses to end down by mere 31 points or 0.12 per cent. FPIs/FIIs pulled out USD 156.79 million yesterday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up marginally and remained near four-year peak against major rivals, underpinned by safe-haven buying as US and Arab warplanes struck targets in Syria.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said,"The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.70 to 61.40."
The next major trigger for the markets will be the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy review on September 30.
"Investors believe that the authority is widely expected to keep policy rates unchanged for a fourth consecutive time as the nation continues to battle inflation," said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.

 JSPL  Hindalco to be Worst Hit  Say AnalystsSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Almost all major metal and mining firms would be affected by the Supreme Court ruling cancelling 214 coal blocks, but Naveen Jindal's JSPL and Aditya Birla Group's Hindalco would be among the worst hit, analysts said.
Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) was allocated six blocks for its sponge iron plants and 1,000 MW power plant. Its entire 12 million tonne coal production come from mines allocated since 1993.
The de-allocation would further delay the process of securing mining rights for its much awaited Utkal B-1 mine, critical for its Angul steel-cum-power project, a brokerage firm said.
A JSPL company official declined to comment immediately.
Hindalco was allocated Talabira-I block in Odisha in 1994, Talabira-II in 2005 in a JV with Coal India/Neyveli Lignite and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh in 2006.
Hindalco's Talabira-I mine supplies 2.5 mtpa coal to meet around one-third of its coal requirement. The de-allocation of block would also put a question mark on its greenfield 3.59 lakh tonnes per annum smelter at Mahan which were allocated captive mine in JV with Essar power.
A Hindalco company official declined to comment on the development.
Balco was given a block in 2007 and Sterlite Energy was jointly allocated coal blocks in Rampia and Dip Side Rampia in Orissa in 2008. Hindustan Zinc's Madanpur coal block in Chhattisgarh also satres at being cancelled in 2006.
State-owned aluminium maker Nalco will also be affected as its Utkal-E block in Odisha, allocated in 2004, also faces de-allocation.
Tata Steel's Kotre-Basantpur and Pachmo mines (Jharkhand) were allotted in 2005, but not in operation now and hence, it would not have any immediate impact.
SAIL has been spared of de-allocation of its Tasra coal (Jharia) mine, allotted in 1996 but and Sitanala (Jharia), allocated in 2007, has been de-allocated.
JSW Steel's has a 49 per cent stake in Rohne Coal Company and 69 per cent off-take agreement. The mine was allocated to the company in 2008.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 19:18 (IST)

India s Mars triumph: Chat with expertsIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Jaiprakash Says Hydropower Deal with Reliance Power CollapsesYou are here: Home Corporates
Jaiprakash Says Hydropower Deal with Reliance Power Collapses
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 20:48 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd's deal to sell its hydropower business to Reliance Power Ltd has collapsed, underlining the struggle indebted Indian generators face trying to sell assets.
Jaiprakash said in a statement on Wednesday that talks with the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) had fallen apart due to a "difference of commercial aspects".
Reliance said the deal ended due to "prevailing regulatory uncertainties, and tariff issues, which impact valuations".
The deal for the three plants, with a combined capacity of 1,800 megawatts, was first announced in July and would have made Reliance the largest private power generator in India.
Like many Indian power and infrastructure companies, Jaiprakash, and parent Jaiprakash Associates Ltd, have been trying to sell assets to pay down the large debts they racked up before a prolonged economic slowdown squeezed revenues and hit profitability.
Lanco Infratech and GVK Power & Infrastructure are among other firms trying to sell assets.
Closing deals has proven tough, with disagreements over valuations, and uncertainty over the price regulators will allow generators to charge for electricity, scuppering talks.
Reliance's bid for Jaiprakash's business followed the collapse earlier in July of a plan by Jaiprakash to sell two of the three plants for $1.6 billion to an Abu Dhabi-led consortium.
Shares in Jaiprakash Power, which have fallen about 30 per cent this year, closed down 5.54 per cent on Wednesday before the news that the talks with Reliance had ended. Shares in its parent company finished the day down 7.95 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Silver slide will lead to gold groundingSteven Puetzer | Getty Images
>
Gold bulls breathed a sigh of relief on Tuesday, as the metal rose on the session, and managed to avoid hitting a fresh eight-month low (which has become a common occurrence for gold over the past week). But according to commodities expert Andy Hecht, gold is set to head much lower in the weeks ahead.
"Right now, my best trade is just being short gold," said Hecht, a longtime veteran of the Phillip Brothers trading desk, and the author of " How to Make Money with Commodities ." "I think that we're going to go through the $1,185 support which was the low on December 31st of 2013, and I think we're going to head to four-year lows, which will bring gold to around $1,045" per troy ounce.
Hecht points out that many precious metals are already trading at four-year lows, including gold's "little sister," silver, which lost as much as 6.5 percent in two sessions on Friday and Monday before staging a mild recovery. In fact, Hecht looks to the ratio between the price of gold and the price of silver in predicting that gold is set to slide further.
"Gold has been moving lower, but it's been getting more expensive when it's moving lower," Hecht said Tuesday on CNBC's " Futures Now ." "And that reason for that is the gold/silver ratio. It's at four-year highs at 68.7-to-1. The median level that I like to look at in that relationship is 55-to-1. That's kind of where it is over the last 35 years, where it's mean-reverted."
Now that the ratio is so far above its historical average, "that tells me that silver is either cheap, or gold is expensive. And given the fact that silver broke down through the $18 to $18.50 support on Friday, it's telling me that gold is just too expensive here relative to silver."
For Hecht, this is confirmed by the decline in platinum. Platinum's premium over gold has fallen to $110 from $222, indicating that it is gold's strength that is unusual, rather than silver's weakness.
Finally, Hecht points out that a strong dollar continues to weigh on the metal, given him a final reason to be short gold in the near-term.
Still, the commodities expert makes clear that he's not perpetually bearish on gold.
"If we get down to [$1,045], I'm going to load up the boat," he said.
Watch " Futures Now " Tuesdays & Thursdays 1 p.m. ET exclusively on FuturesNow.CNBC.com !
 

Don t see any reason for coal price to rise: Ex-CIL chiefIn an interview to CNBC-TV18 former chairman of  Coal India Partha Bhattacharya shared his reading on the Supreme Court’s verdict of de-allocating coal blocks allotted since 1993.
Below is the transcript of Partha Bhattacharya’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Nayantara Rai.
Q: In your opinion if it comes down to Coal India having to take over some among these 46 blocks will it be able to manage the captive mines given the fact that it requires a lot of bandwidth to manage them?
A: Coal India’s mines are scattered throughout the coal-bearing states in the country. So everywhere where these captive mines are there around that place Coal India mines are there as well. So I don’t see too much of a problem for Coal India to take over these mines and run, I don’t think that is a big problem.
Q: If these mines are auctioned what is going to be the impact on the cost of coal. What happens to the user industry, let’s not forget that is linked to these captive mines, isn’t there going to be a cost escalation which will then have to be passed on to the consumers?
A: Ultimately, cost is directly or rather inversely related to the extent of competition in the system. If there is a substantial amount of competition among large players and a lot of coal is produced coal is not in a shortage situation and Coal India is already there as a large player. Coal India’s price will naturally remain a benchmark and nobody can afford to sell it at higher than that price. Rather prices will tend to come down.
I don’t see any reason for prices to go up and more importantly in that kind of a situation this import of 180 million tonnes of coal that has been witnessed last year and is going to grow up further that scenario will change.
So our exposure to imported coal will cease and the price difference between imported coal and domestic coal will continue to be there for some time. I don’t see a reason why the cost of coal in India will actually increase, through competition it may actually decrease.
Coal India stock price
On November 21, 2014, Coal India closed at Rs 347.10, up Rs 0.35, or 0.10 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 423.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 240.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 21.06 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.48. The latest book value of the company is Rs 26.04 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 13.33.
RELATED NEWS

SC scraps coal allocations  firms likely to pay Rs 7 905 cr in penaltySep 24, 2014 at 10:21pm IST
SC scraps coal allocations, firms likely to pay Rs 7,905 cr in penalty
10
0
New Delhi: Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Hindalco and other companies whose coal mine allocations were scrapped by the Supreme Court on Wednesday are likely to pay about Rs 7,905 crore in penalty.
The Supreme Court while cancelling 214 of 218 coal mine permits given to companies for their own use since 1993 also agreed to the government's proposal to impose a fee of Rs 295 a tonne on coal produced from the captive mines which were allowed to operate until March 31.
The penalty will total to about Rs 7,905 crore, industry sources said. Industry officials said the investment climate will be hit "if wealth creators are treated in this manner in the country" while no action whatsoever was taken against the policy makers.
The SC while cancelling 214 of 218 coal mine permits given to companies since 1993 also agreed to the government's proposal to impose a fee of Rs 295 a tonne on coal produced from the mines which were allowed to operate until March 31.
#jindal steel power ltd #hindalco #coalgate #coal scam
"We trusted sovereign promises and ventured ahead and invested huge over Rs 2 lakh crore. Nothing was given to us free of cost. NoC was taken from Coal India and we were given the worst mines which were inaccessible. We were coerced to expedite our plants linked with these and one fine day all assets created are demolished like a pack of cards. This is not fair," a top official of an affected company, who did not wish to be quoted, said.
A top level executive of another affected company, on condition of anonymity, said, "How would you feel if you put all your hard-earned money in obtaining a DDA flat and after five years  you are told that the process was wrong and you find yourself on street."
"Why did the government convene quarterly meetings in the name of inter-ministeral groups to review the development process of blocks, forced us to expedite work on end-use plants where we invested thousands of crores or money. Who is now going to believe them?" asked an official of another company.
Another official said the Rs 295-a-tonne penalty was imposed based on CAG's notional loss estimate of Rs 1.86 lakh crore on account of allocation of mines without auction but no one took into consideration that UG mines are considered loss-making.
"We built the roads, developed tough underground mines in the manner in which even Coal India is unable to do. We did not sell even a tonne of coal. We are paying royalty," another industry official said.
3

Chicago TV alums returning to host local Emmy Awards2 Chicago TV news alums are coming back to host live local Emmys.
Chicago Emmy Awards to be telecast live on Nov. 1
Chicago Emmy Awards picks Ginger Zee and Tamron Hall to co-host live ceremony.
Chicago TV news alumnae Ginger Zee and Tamron Hall have been chosen to co-host the upcoming Chicago/Midwest Emmy Awards.
The pair, veterans of Chicago television who have gone on to high-profile national gigs, will share the stage at the Nov. 1 event, which is returning to live television for the first time in 25 years. They will be assisted by “celebrity guest host” Larenz Tate, a Chicago-born actor.
Feder: Why one winning producer swore off the Emmys Open link
"We are beyond excited to bring Larenz, Tamron and Ginger back to Chicago to co-host this year's ceremony,” NATAS president Marcus Riley said in a statement Wednesday.
The 56th annual ceremony honoring the best in local TV will air on public station WYCC-Ch. 20, with the first two hours broadcast live from the Radisson Blu Aqua Hotel in Chicago. Last year’s event, which featured controversial talk show host Jerry Springer as emcee, was streamed online and shown by WYCC on a delay.
Zee, a former WMAQ-Ch.5 meteorologist, left the station and Chicago in 2011 to join ABC's "Good Morning America," where she is chief meteorologist. A Michigan native, she worked at WMAQ for five years.

After coal verdict  Hindalco is all eyes on the GovtHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
After coal verdict, Hindalco is all eyes on the Govt
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 24:  
Hindalco Industries, an Aditya Birla group company, is banking on the Government's action plan post the Supreme Court verdict to cancel 214 coal mines allocated to private companies.
Addressing shareholders’ concern on the verdict at the company’s annual general meeting (AGM), Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman of Hindalco, said on Wednesday that though the Supreme Court has cancelled the mine allocation, there is a six-month transition period.
“The Government would have chalked out an appropriate action plan given the very large investment in the end-use projects,” he added.
Rushing out of the AGM, D Bhattacharya, Managing Director, said it was too early to gauge the impact of the verdict.
The apex court has directed national miner Coal India to take over all operational mines for six months. The Government would be free to auction coal blocks after March 31, 2015, said the Court.
Earlier, the Jharkhand Government had cancelled Hindalco’s rights to mine at the six bauxite mines in the State. The company expects get its mining rights in the State renewed in six months.
Despite the challenging business environment, Birla assured shareholders that the company is at the cusp of a major growth path, with all the new projects ramping up to its full capacity in the next few months.
In Novelis, Hindalco’s US subsidiary, the company’s focus on value-added products and use of recycled materials as input would improve margins.
“Novelis has received good orders for the supply of aluminium to Ford, Jaguar and Land Rover. Going ahead, we want to focus more on the auto industry,” Birla said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Govt cleaning up PSU boardsGovt cleaning up PSU boards
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 23:  
The mass exodus of independent directors from public sector undertakings should be seen as part of a “clean-up” act embarked upon by the Modi-led Government, Meenakshi Lekhi, Member of Parliament, has said.
The actions to ease out certain independent directors were based on what had been seen and not on any particular feedback received by the present dispensation, Lekhi told BusinessLine on the sidelines of an industry event here.
Some of the independent directors functioned unbecomingly, requiring Government intervention, it was pointed out.
More such actions to strengthen the functioning of various PSU boards will be taken in the coming months, said Lekhi, who is also a BJP spokesperson.
As many as 71 independent directors have reportedly stepped aside from various PSU boards post the new Government coming to power on May 16 this year.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Now  Chetan Bhagat says  will join politics...E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sebi to issue discussion paper on PIPE fundingSebi to issue discussion paper on PIPE funding
Jayshree P Upadhyay & Reghu Balakrishnan | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:38 AM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will soon issue a discussion paper to formalise and address issues pertaining to the Private Investment in Public Equity (PIPE) funding.
"Work is going on to make lives easier for private equity players that invest in listed companies. The discussion paper will address issues the industry is facing, and after public consultation, formal guidelines would be issued," said a source.
A PIPE funding is purchase of shares in a company at a discount to the current market value for the purpose of raising capital by private investment firms or qualified investors.
The PIPE funding industry is relatively nascent in India with only two major players - Nalanda Capital and Avendus Capital -- that actively take part in PIPE deals.
This financing technique is popular in more developed economies due to the relative efficiency in time and cost of PIPEs, compared to more traditional forms of financing such as secondary offerings.
Industry players say this initiative would encourage more private equity players to look at the space seriously.
PIPEs give small-to-medium-sized public companies (SMEs) easy access to finances when SMEs have a hard time accessing more traditional forms of equity financing.
"There is an inherent issue PE players face while investing in public companies: It is the mandatory open offer. As per the takeover norms any investment in excess of 24 per cent requires an open offer. On the other hand, while investing in private firms the PEs can take a majority stake without making an open offer this sometimes deters PEs to delve in listed space," said Raja Lahiri, partner, Grant Thornton India LLP.
People close to the development indicate the market regulator would address issues such as corporate governance responsibilities of such large investors, their status with respect to being an insider, pricing issues and rights that they get on listed companies.
Mails sent to officials at the Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association did not elicit any response.
"PE investors require clarity and consistency on the issue of the rights they can get on listed companies. Further, under current regulations a minority shareholder holding veto rights could be regarded as person acting in concert with the promoters. Therefore, there is a need that Sebi introduces some provisions which allow PIPE investors to take veto rights as an exception to this requirement of the takeover regulations," said Aakash Choubey, partner, Khaitan & Co.
Sebi is also understood to be working on launching a non-exchange trading venue that would allow private equity players, venture capitalists trade in privately held securities.
The industry has communicated to the markets regulator that it is facing issues in terms of pricing, while they take a stake in listed companies.
Sebi and Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) currently place restrictions on pricing to preserve the interests of the public shareholders.
Legal experts say the restrictions ensure that the investments by PIPE investors are at market prices and in turn prevent promoters from striking a deal at a lesser valuation.
Market participants say that there is lack of clarity on due diligence done by PE firms with respect to insider regulations. PE players are wary of disclosing their due diligence that constitutes as price-sensitive information that it could be accessed by competition.
INVESTING IN LISTED FIRMS
Sebi to soon issue a discussion paper on issues pertaining to PIPE funding.
A PIPE funding is purchase of shares in a company at a discount for raising capital by private investment firms
PIPE funding industry is relatively new in India with only two major players actively taking part in such deals

BlackBerry launches square-screen Passport in turnaround pushE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Centres plan to divest 5% in SAIL put on hold on weak share priceCentre’s plan to divest 5% in SAIL put on hold on weak share price
Arup Roychoudhury , Ankit Doshi | Mumbai, New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 25 2014, 01:19  IST
Sep 25 2014, 01:19  IST
 

5 reasons to be gloomy on tradeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Kolkata extend winning streakSuryakumar extends Kolkata's winning streak
Suryakumar Yadav smashed 43 of 19 balls as Kolkata chased down Perth's 151 despite an early stutter.
By The Report by Alagappan Muthu | ESPNcricinfo –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Kolkata Knight Riders 153 for 7 (Suryakumar 43*, Arafat 3-39) beat Perth Scorchers 151 for 7 (Voges 71*, Narine 4-31, Kuldeep 3-24) by three wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Young chinaman bowler Kuldeep put in a good show, though it was another Yadav who won the day. Kolkata Knight Riders have developed a knack of pulling off the clinical and the haphazard on the same night. Led by Sunil Narine , their spinners were un-hittable. Perth Scorchers realised that after much huffing and puffing that amounted to only 151 for 7. The Knight Riders batsmen though were lackadaisical and Scorchers' seamers rode on that, until they met Suryakumar Yadav . His twin sixes in the 19th over killed the contest and sealed Knight Riders' progress into the Champions League T20 semi-finals.
Kuldeep Yadav, the 19-year old left-arm chinaman bowler, and Narine would have been in the dugout wondering if the clincher would be their batting and not them snaring all seven of the opposition's wickets to fall, at 6.88 to the over. Scorchers' captain Adam Voges had highlighted the need to collect singles against mystery bowlers, but only he managed to stick to the plan. While the rest of the line-up swished and swashed across the line, he accumulated an unbeaten 71 off 52 balls that looked surprisingly close to match-winning until the final few minutes of the game.
Two sixes in the 15th over sparked Suryakumar's innings off and two similar blows crowned a 19-ball 43. So Knight Riders pushed their winning streak to 12 matches despite losing regular wickets and finding themselves at 87 for 5. Gautam Gambhir , their captain, too found an explanation hard to come by for their victorious run. "I don't know, the only thing I can think of was the hunger in the dressing room."
While that hunger forced their batsmen to search for too much too quickly - Gambhir sliced to point, Robin Uthappa top-edged a pull off a bouncer that had him cramped up, Kallis flicked a poor ball off his pads into the hands of short fine leg and Manish Pandey sought to dab a yorker to third man to terrible effect - the Knight Riders bowlers found excellent use for it.
Scorchers were struggling to pick Kuldeep's googlies and Narine's carrom balls. The overs were piling up and instinct forced them to slog across the line. Mitchell Marsh was comfortably stumped, Sam Whiteman was caught in the deep after a flurry, Nathan Coulter-Nile wound up off his first ball to present a top-edge to Kuldeep and Ashton Agar played all around a straighter ball from Narine. Ashton Turner provided a repeat of that dismissal. Scorchers fumbled from a promising 120 for 2 to 132 for 6 in three overs.
But Voges fought on using the depth of the crease quite well. From that perch he was able to get better mileage on pulls. When he left the crease he was conscious of hitting straight. But he was the only batsman who looked in any kind of control. Gambhir could sense that tension and flooded the innings with spin. Narine took over in the death and for a second match in succession was on a hat-trick. It was one-way traffic, as Narine collected a ninth four-wicket haul in T20s, the most by any bowler.
A similar narrative worked for Scorchers, but it was the seamers that posed their threat. They claimed early wickets, allowed no partnership to reach the 40s and were resilient in the field. Even in the dying stages of the match Yasir Arafat produced a beautiful slower ball to wreck Andre Russell 's stumps, but five runs to defend in the final over was too tall a task.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

 Ruling on Coal Blocks Likely to Hit Economy: India IncCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: The Supreme Court's mass cancellation of coal block licences will cause serious supply disruptions and accentuate the power crisis, and is likely to impact the economy by jeopardising investments in the sector, India Inc said on Wednesday.
"The decision taken by the Supreme Court to cancel all but four coal blocks is likely to adversely impact the domestic coal supplies in the country and will erode investor confidence," CII president Ajay Shriram said.
Currently, about 42 blocks are producing coal to the tune of 53 million tonnes and account for 10 per cent of the total coal supplied in the country.
"This judgement will lead to serious supply disruptions as mining from these blocks will be hampered, further exacerbating the coal shortages in the country. Any disruption in the coal supplies will accentuate power crisis and force higher imports impacting the current account deficit," Mr Shriram said.
Terming the Supreme Court's ruling cancelling 214 coal blocks as "a bit harsh", Assocham president Rana Kapoor said: "Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown".
"Being largely dependent on the thermal power, it is the coal which fires the economic growth, which will be halted, besides, the dependence on coal imports will increase," he added.
In a blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were allotted to various companies since 1993.
"While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will jeopardise the investments made in the sector. It will raise questions on sanctity of government policies impacting the investment climate. The government will need to expedite reallocating the cancelled producing blocks so that production is not affected in the short term," Mr Shriram said.
"The court's decision has created uncertainty and is likely to impact key sectors including power, steel and mining. In particular, given that the power sector is the largest consumer of coal in India (coal-based power generation accounts for 2/3rd of India's electricity mix), this development is likely to exacerbate the shortage of fuel for the power sector," he added.
According to CII, acute fuel shortage is already impacting the power sector and currently close to 80 million tonnes of coal is being imported to meet the sector's requirements.
"Another sector that will be impacted by this ruling is the financial sector as the exposure of public sector banks to the power and steel sectors is considerable. In fact, banks account for over 60 per cent of the overall investments in these blocks," Mr Shriram said.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 18:49 (IST)

PM Modi s  Make in India  pitch to grow louder  campaign to be launched todayOct 01, 2014 at  04:11pm IST
PM Modi's 'Make in India' pitch to grow louder, campaign to be launched today
36
0
New Delhi: A day after the successful entry of Mangalyaan into Mars orbit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the 'Make In India' campaign in the capital on Thursday. The campaign is expected to give a collective thrust to manufacturing in India and will seek greater foreign investment in the country.
The high profile launch will be attended by top businessmen from the country including Mukesh Ambani, Anand Mahindra, Cyrus Mistry and Shashi Ruia. Ministers heading 25 central departments are also expected to attend the event. Stakeholders including leading businessmen from 30 others countries have also been invited for this launch.
Modi, in his maiden Independence Day speech, had made a pitch to improve India's manufacturing to create jobs to revive growth. A month and half later, the government is launching the initiative both at national and state level.
#make in india campaign #narendra modi #tracking the modi government #manufacturing
CNN-IBN has accessed the note prepared by the government for the campaign. The government is looking at an e-biz portal that will provide a 24x7 realtime platform for all central regulatory clearances. The campaign will target top companies in identified countries and key sectors. 'Make in India' will be focussed on promoting green and advanced manufacturing and help companies be part of the global value chain.
The prime minister has identified 25 sectors from automobiles to aviation to tourism highlighting the investment opportunities in these sectors. But the Congress says Modi is just stealing its thunder.
"Invest India portals are already there which cover almost all countries. We have often advised the PM not to claim credit for every scheme," said former commerce minister and Congress leader Anand Sharma.
From a 'Clean India' campaign to 'Make in India' initiative, the Modi government may be moving at a pace that's generating a lot of goodwill for the government. The market is welcoming the moves, but the big question is as to how much time the implementation of the ideas will actually take and how it will translate into work on ground.

JSW enters fray as Reliance-JP Power deal falls flatAdani Group
(According to two persons…)
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Reliance Power, owned by billionaire Anil Ambani, has abandoned plans to acquire the hydropower business of Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd, terminating what would have been one of the largest deals in the Indian power sector. But even as the deal between the two crumbled, another transaction appeared to be taking wings with Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Energy entering the fray again.
On Thursday, senior representatives of the JSW Group are expected to meet Jaypee group chief Manoj Gaur in New Delhi to revive talks on its hydro assets, said people in the know.
It is not clear if Jindal himself will be there as sources said he is travelling to US. JSW is keen on all three hydro assets of Jaypee. However, "the third JP hydro unit, i.e Vishnuprayag, is not fully operational. So even during due diligence with ADA, it was not passing muster," said a senior source.
"JSW may also want to include the 500-MW Bina thermal asset of JP," said another source. A deal could be announced in the near future. People ET spoke to for the story gave their comments on condition of anonymity. The fresh twist in the tale could result in a transaction worth more than Rs 12,000 crore, a little higher than the amount Reliance Power would have paid, as per an earlier announcement, if the deal had gone through.
On Wednesday evening, both Reliance Power and Jaypee Group issued statements announcing the collapse of talks between the two but appeared to differ on the reasons for the deal falling through. While Reliance Power issued a statement citing "prevailing regulatory uncertainties", a statement from the Jaypee Group, the owners of Jaiprakash Power Ventures, explicitly denied the existence of any such uncertainty.
"Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and Jaiprakash Power Ventures Limited (JPVL) have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power's acquisition of JPVL's hydro portfolio of 3 projects with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 MWs," a Reliance Power spokesperson said.
But the Jaypee Group said "differences of commercial aspects" has caused the problem.
"For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG has been called off," Askar H Zaidi, head, corporate communications, Jaypee Group said in a press release.
"The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of the shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country," Manoj Gaur was quoted as saying in the statement.
Senior banking industry sources said that on Thursday, officials from ICICI Bank, which has the highest loan exposure to the group at Rs 14,000 crore, will fly down to Delhi to meet Manoj Gaur to find a way forward.Power-to-port developer Adani group, owned by billionaire Gautam Adani, could also re-enter the fray, these sources said.
On Monday and Tuesday, there were frantic efforts to save the deal as top officials from both sides, including Amitabh Jhunjhunwala, a close aide of Anil Ambani, and Suren Jain, managing director and chief financial officer, Jaiprakash Power Ventures, met in Mumbai along with their lawyers, in an attempt to seal the transaction by September 28, the deadline agreed to between the two companies.
  According to two persons directly involved in the negotiations, differences cropped up after Reliance Power sought a bank guarantee for 200 MW of the 1,200 MW Karcham Wangtoo project. The Central Electricity Authority, a regulatory panel, has issued a show-cause notice for violation of Techno Economic Clearance condition granted to the project after it found Jaypee had increased its capacity to 1,200 MW against the permitted 1000 MW.
Reliance Power sought a guarantee for the extra 200 MW which is facing regulatory uncertainty. Further, Reliance Power promised not to encash the guarantee if the regulator cleared this capacity and this condition was agreed to by Jaypee, according to these persons. But at the last minute, Jaypee Group changed its mind and the buyer (Reliance Power) was unable to fix a value to the project, according to this version of events.
The collapse of the deal would mean that it's back to the drawing board for the Jaypee Group, which is under pressure from its lenders to cut debt. Jaypee, which has a debt of Rs 60,000 crore, which it used to build power plants and roads, had planned to reduce debt by Rs 12,000 crore by selling the hydel assets.Analysts say the latest turn of events could put Jaypee under financial strain.
"Jaypee got into the deal in the first place because it is under severe capital crunch....The hydro asset sale would have helped the company fix its cash flows for the next 2 years,'' says a Mumbai-based utilities analyst. "Seen from that light, this is a big blow.''
Jaypee Group had earlier sold one of its cement plants to Aditya Birla group, another one to Dalmia Bharat Cements. Earlier it signed a deal with Abu Dhabi electricity company TAQA to sell these hydel projects for $1.6 billion. But Taqa walked off the deal three months after signing an agreement because the state governments had refused consent, according to media reports.' Jaypee's debt to equity is alarmingly high at roughly 4.1:1,'' the analyst said. "Something drastic needs to be done... Fortunately the assets are world class so there should be takers for them."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Express 5: Where the dead get the subsidies; a message from NASAWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:14 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. SUBSIDIES FOR THE DEAD:
Farmers Hatti, Ibrahim and Hurmat, of Dhana village in Haryana’s Mewat district, died several years ago – the first two in 2001; Hurmat in 2006. But according to the Haryana Horticulture Department, they applied for – and received – subsidy under the National Mission on Micro Irrigation in 2011.
In Haryana’s poorest part, subsidies go to the dead & fake , exclusive report by Sandali Tiwari
2. SPECIAL TO EXPRESS:
The United States stunned the world by landing humans on the Moon: and for perhaps half a century, this fact comes up in casual conversations at dinner tables and coffee houses. Though in a different century, a successful Mangalyaan can have a somewhat similar effect about India.
Gives India platform to go to any planet, could make science pretty cool to kids , by Amitabha Ghosh from NASA
3. OWAISI ON MODI:
Every PM who has gone to US has been forced to say this. When Manmohan Singh went he too made a statement about Indian Muslims. My question is, if the prime minister feels the way he does, why are his party men sending out such varying signals by attacking Muslims?
Not sure PM meant what he said about Muslims: Asaduddin Owaisi in conversation with Zeeshan Shaikh
4. OPINION:
What Prime Minister Narendra Modi does with the American business community during his visit to the United States may be more consequential over the longer term than his engagement with the political leadership in Washington.
Modi’s American business , by C Raja Mohan
5. EXPRESS IN INCHEON:
Last week, the Pakistani hockey team played a practice match against a team comprising local players from Incheon. It was a two-quarter affair. But no one knows its outcome. Not even the over-inquisitive Pakistani journalists.

Coalgate fallout: Worst fears for power cos | Impact on cosCitigroup
(While industry experts…)
MUMBAI: For over a year, promoters and executives of power companies and their lenders had sleepless nights, wondering what the Supreme Court would decide about coal blocks allotted to them.
On Wednesday, their worst fears came true when the apex court cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993. While industry experts lauded the verdict as a precursor to coal sector reforms, the nightmare for the power companies isn't over yet.
"We are relieved that the uncertainty is over. But now where do plants attached to these mines get coal from? What happens to the expenses already incurred? The government needs to give clarity on the modus operandi," said Sushil Maroo, a director of Essar Energy and CEO of Essar Power . The company stands to lose three coal blocks.
Companies had expected the court to take a more lenient view on the 40 coal mines that had started operations and not cancel them. Instead, the court gave companies with operational mines six months to transfer their assets to the government.
"This move will have an extremely negative impact on power, steel and cement companies as an issue that is almost 21 years old is being addressed now and a lot of investments have gone into these blocks, which will now get impacted. Most companies will have no option but to bid in the new round of auctions as one cannot only depend on imported coal," said Issac George, Group Chief Financial Officer at GVK Power & Infrastructure, which had been allotted two blocks.
The power sector has already investedRs 2,86,677 crore toward exploration, mining and end-use projects, equivalent to almost 3% of the GDP.
Coal-based projects represent about 59% of India's total installed power generation capacity. Apart from the cancellation, operational mines will have to pay a penalty of Rs 295 for every tonne of coal extracted since they started.
This will aggravate the finances of power companies, which are already grappling with stretched balance sheets.
"The penalties imposed by the Supreme Court are very exacting and will take a big toll on the finances of some of these companies. How will the companies cough up this kind of cash without seriously compromising their cash flows or indebting themselves further?" George of GVK asked.
According to Citigroup , the other grey area is how production and sale of coal will be affected when Coal India takes over these mines. "Will Coal India be able to produce in the same quantity, and how will sale of that coal happen? Will JSPL get the requisite coal even after Coal India starts operating its mines?"
In 2013-14, Coal India produced 462 million tonnes of coal, missing the target of 482 million tonnes. The coal ministry anticipates that local supplies will fall as much as 185 million tonnes short of the country's projected demand of 950 million tonnes in 2016-17. The gap could widen if the cancelled mines don't produce the projected volumes of coal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Transfers at midnight: biggest bureaucratic reshuffleIn what is said to be the the biggest bureaucratic reshuffle since Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power, the government on Wednesday issued orders transferring more than 40 senior bureaucrats.
The changes included mostly joint-secretary level positions as well as eight secretary-level appointments.
The secretary-level appointments included Aradhana Johri in the department of disinvestment, Satyanarayan Mohanty in the department of higher education, Surjit Kumar Chaudhary in the department of chemicals, Kapil Dev Tripathi in heavy industries, Kusumjit Sidhu in the department of justice, Rajiv Takru in the National Commission for Minorities, R Vijaykumar in the department Northeast Development and  VK Subhuram in the department of pharmaceuticals.
A handful of officers already serving in the central government were also moved around for a mix of reasons.
“In some cases, the transfers seem to have been made to better to utilise an officer’s skills... but there was some discomfort in a few cases,” an official familiar with the appointment process for the 40-odd bureaucrats said.
The official added that the appointments were in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s assurance not to transfer civil servants because they had the trust of the previous government.
Six officers – who served in the personal staff of UPA ministers and had been waiting for a posting – have been given key assignments at the crucial joint secretary-level.
Three of them – Dilip Kumar, Gopal Krishna Dwivedi and Hitesh Kumar S Makwana – have been appointed to the Home Ministry. In the same league, Uday Singh Kumawat has been appointed to the Department of Revenue while AK Singh will move to the power ministry.
One of the key officers to be shunted out is IS Chahal, the joint secretary incharge of Union Territories at the home ministry. Chahal – who joined the ministry as former home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde’s officer on special duty – has been posted to the women and child development.
Two petroleum ministry officials have also been given new postings.
Interestingly, Rajiv Takru, a Gujarat cadre IAS of 1979 batch and was very powerful during the UPA regime, has again been shunted out from department of North East to insignificant post as secretary, national minority commission.
After taking over as the PM, Modi had shunted out Takru from powerful revenue department to North East. Takru never got along with Modi in Gujarat also and is known for proximity to so e Congress leaders, who had got him posted first as secretary financial services and then moved to revenue in the ministry of finance.
For the first time, more than 40 joint secretaries across the ministries and departments have been appointed by the present government, which came to power in last May.
Ahmedabad Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra, 1986 batch IAS of Gujarat cadre, has been appointed as joint secretary commerce while Hitendrakumar Makwana, a Tamil Nadu cadre Gujarati IAS has been appointed as joint secretary in the ministry of home.

Missed calls to women will lead to jail in BiharWatch
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Make in India: How Modi s plan will make India manufacturing superpower | CoverageFDI
(PM Narendra Modi rolls out…)
PM Narendra Modi launched 'Make in India' on September 25, 2014. The ambitious initiative seeks to make India a manufacturing superpower. ET looks at the key elements.
25 Thrust Sectors: Government has identified 25 sectors where India can become world leader. These include automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharma , textiles, ports, aviation, leather Tourism and hospitality, wellness, and railways are others. The documents will provide growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector-specific FDI , other policies & related agencies.
Single Point Interaction For Investors: Invest India will be fi rst reference point to guide foreign investors It will provide help on regulatory and policy issues and assist in obtaining regulatory clearances
www.makeinindia.com: Follow Up Action Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter Global Launch Make in India will be launched at national and state levels and missions abroad will take it forward
Domestic Focus: Government will identify select domestic cos having leadership in innovation & new technology The idea is to turn these into global champions To promote green and advanced manufacturing & help these cos to integrate into global value chain
Regulatory Regime Overhaul: Review of all regulatory processes to make them simple and reduce compliance
Who And Where: The portal will track visitors for their geographical location, interest & real time user behaviour. Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on this information.
Proactive Approach: Investor facilitation cell to assist foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure The cell will also woo top companies across sectors in identified countries.
All Stakeholders On Board: State governments, business chambers, prominent corporates and foreign companies part of the launch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Compact hatchbacks lure first-time buyersSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: First-time buyers are returning to the car market and lapping up more premium hatchbacks like the Swift, Celerio and i10 Grand than the entry-level models they preferred in the past. Sales of entry-level or mini cars, a segment ruled by Maruti Suzuki's Alto, and premium or compact hatchbacks have together expanded as much as 40% in August from the previous month, according to model-wise numbers for the month released recently.
The compact segment has in fact grown more than 50% sequentially, compared with a 20% increase in the sales of entrylevel cars. "The growth in mini and compact segments show that the first-time buyers are coming back," said Subhrata Ray, senior group vice president at ICRA Rating.
The numbers also indicate changing consumer preference towards better engineered and comfortable vehicles with higher safety features than the bare four-wheeler they bought as their first car for years.
"Previously it used to be that the first-time buyer would buy a mini car first, then graduate to compact. But now the case has changed; a first time buyer can directly buy a compact hatchback also," said Abdul Majeed, partner automotive practices at PwC.
The return of first-time buyers in large numbers indicates the recovery that the Indian car market has been witnessing for a few months now is going to gain strength, say industry experts.
Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice president, sales & marketing, Honda Cars India, said increased sales in rural areas and small towns also augur well for the industry and "is a significant element which establishes the return of recovery".
Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice president of marketing and sales at Hyundai India , credits the government's decision to continue with a cut in excise duty, as well as stable interest and inflation rates, for the pickup in the automotive industry.
"We expect this festive period growth to be in the range of 15%-20% over last year," Srivastava said.
The past month saw the Alto, Maruti's entry-level car, returning to the top spot on sales charts, a position it had lost to Maruti's own compact sedan Dzire the previous month.
Alto sales grew to 21,553 units in August from 16,997 units a month prior, while Dzire numbers fell to 17,801 from 18,634.
Maruti Suzuki continues its dominance with its five models making it to the top 10 cars by sales in August. In fact, its Alto, Dzire, Swift and WagonR take the top four spots, in that order, and the Celerio comes in at the eighth spot.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Affordable Housing Will Drive Growth in Realty SectorManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: Housing policies for affordable housing will be the driver of reviving growth in the realty sector, a senior government official said today.
Housing for all by 2022 is also the key agenda of the new government. Despite the visible benefits, the housing sector is facing myriad challenges in terms of regulatory and policy challenges, Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation Karan Bir Singh Sidhu said.
Mr Sidhu was speaking at the conference on real estate -- Reviving Growth for Real Estate in the National Capital Region jointly organised by Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and CREDAI NCR, here today.
"Government policies for affordable housing will be the key enabler for the reviving growth in real estate in National Capital Region," Mr Sidhu said in a statement.
Speaking at the same event, CII Northern Region and president-building & industrial systems Zubin Irani said that the real estate sector is the growth engine of the Indian economy and the economic contribution of the sector is projected to double by 2025.
Mr Irani added that Delhi NCR markets are currently undergoing a trough phase in the real estate market cycle which also helps in reviving the growth in terms of real estate.
Real estate sector body CREDAI NCR Rohit Raj Modi said that Delhi NCR represents around 55 per cent of housing market.
"All NCR states are attractive investments destinations for the real estate. To discard the shortage of housing sector, not only private sectors, but also lots of policies and efficient surface transport are required,"Mr Modi said.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 07:51 (IST)

Hindalco Now Entering Consolidation Phase: BirlaMumbai: The alumina and aluminium capacity of Hindalco, an Aditya Birla group firm, will be doubled after its mega-expansion plans are completed, chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla today said.
Hindalco's consolidated capital expenditure was close to $1.5 billion (Rs 9,300 crore), he said.
"With most of its projects coming to fruition, we are now moving into the consolidation phase...these projects will facilitate capturing value across the aluminium chain," Mr Birla said addressing the 55th annual general meeting of the Aditya Birla group here.
"Notwithstanding the market-related headwinds, FY'14 has been a watershed year for the company. Each of its three strategic Greenfield projects -- Utkal Alumina, Mahan Aluminium and Aditya Aluminium -- went on stream and are currently ramping up. These projects, in fullness of time, will redefine Hindalco's cost competitiveness on the global map," he said.
With the commissioning of these projects, Hindalco's alumina and aluminium capacity will be doubled, alumina from 1.5 million tonnes (MT) to 3 MT and aluminium from 0.6 MT to 1.3 MT, Mr Birla said.
The Hirakud flat rolled products project and Mouda Foils projects are on course, he added.
Novelis, its foreign subsidiary too achieved significant progress in its strategic expansion projects, he said, which included ramp up of production at the Pinda plant in Brazil, the mill expansions in Korea and the start of commercial production at its US automotive finishing lines.
The company's copper business registered its highest-ever EBIT in FY 14, Birla noted, adding it also cushioned the pressure on aluminium margins, and "virtue of a balanced portfolio" in metal businesses stands vindicated.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 21:05 (IST)

Nifty may trade between 7960-8080: Magnum Equity BrokingLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty may trade between 7960-8080: Magnum Equity Broking
According to Magnum Equity Broking, Nifty is expected to trade between 8080 and 7960 with positive biasness.
Post your opinion here
 
Magnum Equity Broking's Fundamental Report:
The BSE Sensex and Nifty fell for a second straight day as resources firms such as Jindal Steel and Power, and public sector lenders that lent to them, slumped after the Supreme Court cancelled most coal blocks allocated since 1993.
The Sensex closed 0.12 percent lower at 26,744.69, while the Nifty ended 0.19 percent lower at 8,002.40. The companies that received coal allocations led decliners on Wednesday. Jindal Steel and Power Ltd ended 10.15 percent. Lenders or financial firms which have loan exposure to the sector were also hit. State Bank of India closed 2.7 percent lower, while IDBI Bank ended 5.46 percent lower.
The Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday that companies will have until end of March next year to return most of the coal blocks allocated by the government since 1993 even after they have spent billions of dollars on projects around them. Adding to the concerns, overseas investors sold Indian shares worth of $194 million on Tuesday, after buying for the past four sessions, while caution also prevailed ahead of the expiry of monthly derivatives contract on Thursday.
US stocks rallied on Wednesday, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq halting a three-day losing run, after an upbeat report on new-home sales and as investors bet on further monetary stimulus from the European Central Bank. Asian equities rose on Thursday following a rally in global markets overnight amid hopes for additional monetary stimulus in Europe and China.
Global cues are little optimistic today with them SGX Nifty is showing 18 points up move in morning trade indicating that Indian market would open in the green today and Nifty is expected to trade between 8080 and 7960 with positive biasness.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Support for Nifty at 7880-7900: Arihant CapitalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Support for Nifty at 7880-7900: Arihant Capital
According to Arihant Capital, 7900-7880 is good support for the Nifty. Hence a bounce could be expected from those levels.
Post your opinion here
 
Arihant Capital's market outlook:
The current price action suggests that the upward sloping trendline shown above in the graph holds significance going forward. On the downside, 7920-7900 is important support for the market. As long as Nifty holds the above mentioned zone there is high probability that
indices may head its upward journey.
In coming trading session if Nifty trades and close above 8120 levels then it has potential to test 8100-8120 levels.
We maintain our stance that 7900-7880 is good support for the indices. Hence a bounce could be expected from those levels.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Apple pulls iOS 8 update after reports of dropped callsNew iPhones run into software, bending complaints
By BRANDON BAILEY | Associated Press –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014
Print
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, while a widely circulated video showed the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to bending.
Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began distributing Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads.
The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock their phones with their fingerprint.
By midday Wednesday, Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to users "as quickly as we can." Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.
Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest phone models — the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It's not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.
Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing Wednesday with reports that the aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.
It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands — not from normal sitting.
Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent "breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include bending.
But SquareTrade Chief Marketing Officer Ty Shay said that after reports of bending circulated online, two staffers at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6 Plus phones: One staffer, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function normally.
Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," said Shay, "but it seems like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."
He suggested the bending is not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus, he added, "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the claims."
Apple did not comment on the reports of bending.
Recommend

Reliance Power terminates discussion for acquisition of JPVL s Hydro portfolioReliance Power terminates discussion for acquisition of JPVL s Hydro portfolio
ICRA assigns rating to bank-facilities of Titan CompanyICRA assigns rating to bank-facilities of Titan Company
Modi-Obama summit can take ties to next level: US expertsModi-Obama summit can take ties to next level: US experts
PM Modi to leave for US today  to attend 35 engagements over five daysPM Modi to leave for US today  to attend 35 engagements over five days
BSE Sensex  Nifty Flat; RIL  ONGC WeighBSE Sensex  Nifty Flat; RIL  ONGC Weigh
Mangalyaan at Work  Sends Back Photos of Red PlanetMangalyaan at Work  Sends Back Photos of Red Planet
Metal stocks slip for second day after SC orderMetal stocks slip for second day after SC order
State Bank Plans 1:10 Stocks SplitState Bank Plans 1:10 Stocks Split
Estonia accuses Russia of abducting agentEstonia accuses Russia of abducting agent
By Mark Odell in London and Richard Milne in Copenhagen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a687716-3510-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

10 stocks in focus in Thursday morning tradeTen stocks in focus in Thursday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 07.57AM IST
Tags:
L&T Ltd
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Thursday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
After two days of sharp fall, the benchmarks took a pause on Wednesday and gained nearly half a percent in a range bound session.
"On Thursday, participants would be seen reacting to the FOMC outcome in early trade and that would set the tone for rest of the day as well," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Broadly, we expect Nifty to decline further in coming sessions and consolidate around 7800 prior to any major directional move," he added.
Manglik is of the view that participants especially investors' should utilize this opportunity to accumulate fundamentally strong counters with medium to long term investment perspective."
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd: Ranbaxy Laboratories today said the US Department of Justice has demanded information relating to the manner in which the company reports pricing data for certain products eligible for reimbursement under the Medicaid program.
Nucleus Software Ltd: The IT major announced a partnership with Japan's WASEDA University to rope in students for providing internship opportunities in its Noida campus.
Reliance Power Ltd: Reliance Power's Rs 12,300 crore deal to acquire hydroelectric assets of the Jaypee Group may take longer than expected as the seller has approached regulatory authorities for a tariff order that will rule out any ambiguity in the valuation of the transaction.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Mukesh Ambani-owned Reliance Jio Infocomm is on track to launch its full bouquet of fourth generation data and voice services by March 2015, given the increased pace and progress of its network rollouts, Credit Suisse said in a note to clients.
MCX Ltd: Multi Commodity Exchange ( MCX ) has got a three-month conditional extension from the commodity markets regulator, Forward Markets Commission (FMC), to launch contracts till next March, said media reports.
Apollo Tyres Ltd: Apollo Tyres today said it will start rolling out products from its 475 million Euro greenfield plant in Hungary by 2017.
L&T Ltd: L&T Metro Rail Hyderabad Ltd, the developer of the 72-km elevated metro rail here, today said it has written a letter to the Telangana government and offered to walk out of the Rs 16,000 crore-plus project as a last resort if issues concerning it are not sorted out.
Ipca Laboratories Ltd: Health Canada has asked Ipca Laboratories to voluntarily stop shipment of products to Canada, based on a review of recent manufacturing practices by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, said media reports.
Natco Pharma & Orchid Chemicals: Natco Pharma and Orchid Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals have received an adverse observation report, commonly known as Form 483, after inspections conducted in their manufacturing units earlier this year by the US Food and Drug Administration, said media reports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Soon you can train your smartphone to respond to gesturesResearchers have now developed a new form of low-power wireless sensing technology that recognises gestures in the space around the phone. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
PTI | Posted: September 22, 2014 7:44 pm
Researchers, including one of Indian-origin, have developed new wireless sensing technology that could allow users to ‘train’ their smartphones to recognise and respond to hand gestures near the device.
University of Washington researchers said some smartphones are starting to incorporate 3-D gesture sensing based on cameras, but cameras consume significant battery power and require a clear view of the user’s hands.
Researchers have now developed a new form of low-power wireless sensing technology that recognises gestures in the space around the phone.
The technology – developed in the labs of Matt Reynolds and Shwetak Patel, UW associate professors of electrical engineering and of computer science and engineering – uses the phone’s wireless transmissions to sense nearby gestures, so it works when a device is out of sight in a pocket or bag and could easily be built into future smartphones and tablets.
“Today’s smartphones have many different sensors built in, ranging from cameras to accelerometers and gyroscopes that can track the motion of the phone itself,” Reynolds said.
“We have developed a new type of sensor that uses the reflection of the phone’s own wireless transmissions to sense nearby gestures, enabling users to interact with their phones even when they are not holding the phone, looking at the display or touching the screen,” he said.
When a person makes a call or an app exchanges data with the Internet, a phone transmits radio signals on a 2G, 3G or 4G cellular network to communicate with a cellular base station.
When a user’s hand moves through space near the phone, the user’s body reflects some of the transmitted signal back toward the phone.
The new system uses multiple small antennas to capture the changes in the reflected signal and classify the changes to detect the type of gesture performed.
In this way, tapping, hovering and sliding gestures could correspond to various commands for the phone, such as silencing a ring, changing which song is playing or muting the speakerphone.
Because the phone’s wireless transmissions pass easily through the fabric of clothing or a handbag, the system works even when the phone is stowed away.
A group of 10 study participants tested the technology by performing 14 different hand gestures – including hovering, sliding and tapping – in various positions around a smartphone.
Each time, the phone was calibrated by learning a user’s hand movements, then trained itself to respond. The team found the smartphone recognised gestures with about 87 per cent accuracy.
Researchers will present their project, called SideSwipe, at the Association for Computing Machinery’s Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology in Honolulu next month.

All about India s low-cost mission to MarsPrev Next
At just Rs 450 crore, ISRO’S Mars mission is the cheapest so far. The Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. After a nine-month long journey, the Orbiter is scheduled to enter Mars’ orbit on September 24. To reach Mars, the spacecraft had to enter three phases, the earth centered phase, the helio centric phase and finally the Martian phase.
... more 
At just Rs 450 crore, ISRO’S Mars mission is the cheapest so far. The Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. After a nine-month long journey, the Orbiter is scheduled to enter Mars’ orbit on September 24. To reach Mars, the spacecraft had to enter three phases, the earth centered phase, the helio centric phase and finally the Martian phase. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri)

Canadian Auto Parts Maker Magna to Open Two Plants in GujaratYou are here: Home Corporates
Canadian Auto Parts Maker Magna to Open Two Plants in Gujarat
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 19:36 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Toronto: Canadian auto parts maker and contract manufacturer Magna International Inc on Tuesday said it plans to open two new plants in Gujarat.
One of the facilities, measuring 215,000 square feet and employing some 200 people, will manufacture seat systems for an unnamed "leading automaker".
The second, at 365,000 square feet and 400 employees, will manufacture vehicle body and chassis for multiple customers, Magna said. Both sites are expected to start producing at volume in 2015.
Magna has several other facilities in India, and 1,600 employees. Once the new sites are open it will have 11 manufacturing facilities and four engineering centers in the country.
"With almost a million square feet of capacity now installed in India, we believe we are extremely well-positioned to support the increasing vehicle production forecast for the Indian automotive industry," Magna Asia President Jim Tobin said in a release.
In a separate release on Tuesday, Magna and Tata Group's automotive supplier Tata AutoComp Systems Ltd said they had agreed to form a joint venture that would supply seat systems for Indian commercial vehicle makers.
The venture is to be based in Maharashtra.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

The herd instinct at workUpdated: September 23, 2014 21:07 IST
Economy Watch
The herd instinct at work?
C. P. Chandrasekhar
economic indicator
Cumulative net FII flows into equity markets rose from $13.8 billion over two years ending September 2012, to $24.4 billion over year ended September 2013, and $21.5 billion over the last year.
On September 17, the Financial Times reported that over nine working days starting 8th September its emerging market index had fallen 5 per cent. The rout, if it could be called that, varied in strength. Between September 8th and 19th, the leading index in Turkey fell by 5.8 per cent, while that in Brazil declined 2.4 per cent. India’s index had fallen only by 0.8 per cent, which, when seen in light of the fact that the Sensex had risen by 2.7 per cent over the previous month, was no fall at all. India’s stock markets are at record highs with the Sensex having risen by 33.7 per cent point-to-point over the year ending September 19th, as compared with 10.4 and 7.3 per cent respectively in the previous two years. All of this increase has occurred between the beginning of February and mid-September (See Charts 1 and 2). Overall, India’s market has been doing disconcertingly too well, even in comparison with its peers.
The factor that has driven the Sensex, it is widely accepted, is the persistent inflows of foreign institutional investment into India’s markets. Cumulative net FII flows into equity markets rose from $13.8 billion over the two years ending September 19th 2012, to $24.4 billion over the year ended September 19th 2013, and $21.5 billion over the last year. These enhanced large inflows are indeed surprising because it is over the last two years that fears of the so-called “taper” have affected markets. In fact, initial talk of a taper by the US Federal Reserve, or a phase out of its quantitative easing policy that infused liquidity into the system through the purchase of bonds, had resulted in the net outflow of FII capital from equity markets of $3.8 billion over three months starting early June 2013, with half of that occurring over June alone. During those three months the Sensex recorded a 11 per cent collapse in value.
It is not surprising that an announcement of the taper, or a gradual end to the policy of infusing cheap liquidity, and its subsequent implementation should trigger an outflow of FII capital. The impact of the move would be a rise in interest rates, since purchases of bonds by the Federal Reserve and other central banks raise bond prices. Given the inverse relationship between bond prices and yields, this implies lower interest rates. Conversely, a retreat from the policy of bond purchases would raise interest rates and discourage the use of the available liquidity to earn quick returns in asset markets, including Indian stock markets. In fact, long years of the pursuit of an easy money policy in the form of quantitative easing has resulted in asset purchases that have taken asset prices to levels that seem to be completely irrational given fundamentals. This is, for example one of the arguments used by the Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan against monetary policy in the United States.
Moreover, the Bank of International Settlements (BIS) argues in its quarterly report released September, that the behaviour of asset managers has exaggerated the effects that cheap liquidity would have on emerging stock markets. In its view, “the concentrated use (by asset managers) of benchmarks and the directional co-movement of investor flows can generate correlated investment patterns that may create one-sided markets and exacerbate price fluctuations.” In simple English, the herd instinct characteristic of speculative asset managers who come to dominate flows to emerging market stocks tends to result in extreme swings in either direction, because such flows move together both when they come in and when they go out. In India, the direction in June to August last year was out of the market and country, while in recent months and weeks it is into the country and market.
As noted earlier, this is indeed surprising, given recent developments in the US. Though the signals are a bit confused, the indication seems to be that the Fed would complete its taper of the quantitative easing policy in October with a final $15 billion worth of bond purchases. It has, however, decided to delay tinkering with interest rates that have been close to zero for the last six years. But, as of now, it would appear that starting June 2015 rates would be pushed upwards, with a target of around 1.25 per cent by the end of next year.
Among the factors often cited as explaining the high investment flows into India despite the possibility of an end to the era of cheap and easy money, two are worth noting. One is that India is a relatively better bet than other emerging markets because its growth though lower than earlier is still reasonable by developing country standards, and fears that the rupee is prone to depreciation have receded because of the sharp fall in the country’s current account deficit. The second is that the coming of a new government has raised hopes of greater decisiveness in economic policy-making with an emphasis on economic “reform” of the kind preferred by foreign investors, which would accelerate growth, enhance profits and raise earnings.
There are three difficulties with this line of reasoning. First, it presumes that India is experiencing a surge in capital inflows because of its domestic performance, ignoring the obvious role of global factors in influencing capital flows, or assuming without adequate justification that India’s economic performance neutralises any adverse effects on capital inflows of developments in countries from where those flows originate. Second, it asserts that an economy whose situation has worsened, with lower growth and high inflation, can attract large and rising capital inflows because its relative condition is better than that of competing destinations for foreign investment. Third, even if right in its assessment that the new government will push ahead with policies of reform, it ignores the fact that the belief that this in itself will raise growth and earnings is purely speculative.
If such dubious reasoning is abjured, it is clear that the current spike in India’s equity market driven by FII investments is speculative and tenuous. It is the result of behaviour of the kind that the BIS warns is irrational and speculative. When a more-than-likely rise in interest rates in the developed countries actually occurs, herd behaviour could trigger a quick and simultaneous exit of investors that delivers a crash that would have implications outside the stock markets as well.

Govt Has Narrow Window for Gas Price as Deadline Looms LargeYou are here: Home Economy
Government Has Narrow Window for Gas Price as Deadline Looms Large
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 23, 2014 22:32 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: The government has a narrow window of one day to approve a new gas pricing mechanism to meet its own deadline of announcing a new rate.
The government had promised to come up with a new gas price by the end of September but it only has Wednesday to get it approved as Prime Minister Narendra Modi will leave for the US on Thursday afternoon.
Being a Wednesday, September 23 is the scheduled day for holding meetings of Cabinet and its committees where the Oil Ministry can bring up a proposal for new gas price, officials said.
However, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who was on Sunday evening admitted to hospital for a check-up after an operation to treat his diabetes, is yet to be discharged.
He may be discharged on Wednesday morning, Mr Jaitley's aides said.
A meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) can be scheduled after his availability is confirmed, officials said.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan, who has been consulting Mr Jaitely on the issue, last met the Finance Minister late on Friday evening.
PM Modi, who will launch the "Make in India" campaign on Thursday morning to promote manufacturing in the country, is scheduled to leave for the US late in the afternoon that day. He will return on the evening of October 1.
So if the cabinet does not approve a new price on Wednesday, it is likely that government will miss the September 30 deadline.
Officials said the entire issue is being treated with utmost secrecy and limited copies of the report of a four-member committee of secretaries that looked at the new pricing mechanism have been made.
The Oil Ministry, they said, may even take comments on the note it has prepared for the Cabinet, based on the committee recommendation, through email to the concerned ministers, to prevent it from getting leaked.
The government had last month constituted a committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertiliser and expenditure with Additional Secretary in the Oil Ministry as its member secretary, to make amends to a formula notified in January that doubled the gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
Though contents of the report have been kept under wraps, officials indicated that the price increase may be around 50 per cent. Most of the domestically produced gas is currently sold at a price of $4.2 per mmBtu.
The panel has tried to strike a balance between demands for a market-linked rate by gas producers to make marginal and deep sea fields economically viable and consumers in power and fertiliser sector, who have said they cannot afford any rate higher than $5.
The previous UPA government had notified the Rangarajan formula in January but before a rate could be implemented from April 1, the general elections were announced and Election Commission sought postponement of its implementation.
An increase in gas price would have led to increase in cost of urea, power and CNG.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just 7 per cent of the country's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government - about $2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, according to oil ministry estimates.
The CCEA had on June 25 deferred by three months the implementation of a formula approved by the previous UPA government which would have doubled gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
The Rangarajan formula, approved by the UPA government, was to be implemented from April 1 but was deferred by three months as general elections were announced. The NDA government on June 25 postponed its implementation by a further three months pending a comprehensive review.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had last month told the Parliament that the NDA government decided to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee.
Parliamentary Standing Committees on Finance as well as Petroleum had called for a review of the formula suggested by the Dr C Rangarajan headed panel, saying gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
According to the Oil Ministry, the cost of gas production varies between $1.86 per mmBtu to $4.31 per mmBtu but a cost-plus price would be perceived negatively by the market.
In their submission to the secretaries panel, energy producers have demanded a natural gas pricing policy that is "legitimate, relevant and credible" to maintain investor interest in Indian E&P sector.
State-owned ONGC in its submissions stated that it needs $6-7.15 to break-even on gas it plans to produce from its most prolific KG basin block and a price of between $5.25 and $17.80 per mmBtu to break-even on production planned from seven small and marginal fields in the western offshore.
BP, which partners Reliance Industries in KG-D6 and other blocks, stated that deeper gas fields are not viable at a price of anything less than $10.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 22:07 (IST)

Buy MRPL on attractive valuations: KR Choksey InstitutionalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tribunal Sets Aside Sebi Decision on Oracle Financial Services MatterYou are here: Home Corporates
Tribunal Sets Aside Sebi Decision on Oracle Financial Services Matter
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 00:22 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Tuesday set aside a decision by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) where it held that Oracle Financial Services Software violated listing norms with respect to fixing record date for interim dividend.
The case relates to Sebi's decision that the time gap between book closure and record date fixed by Oracle Financial for the purpose of interim dividend was less than 30 days, in violation of clause 16 of Listing Agreement.
Finding prima facie "no merit in the contentions raised" by Sebi, the tribunal in an order on Tuesday asked exchanges BSE and NSE to fix September 25 as record date for interim dividend. Earlier, the firm had decided the record date as September 24.
"We make it clear that passing of our order will not come in the way of Sebi initiating any proceedings against the appellant relating to interpretation of clause 16 of the Listing Agreement and pass appropriate orders in accordance with law," the tribunal noted.
Oracle Financial had declared book closure for the period from September 8 to 12. On September 8, the company had intimated stock exchanges that during the shareholders' meeting - on September 12 -- an interim dividend would be declared.
An interim dividend of Rs 485 per share was declared and record date in this regard was fixed as September 24, while payment date was to be September 29. On the basis of clause 16 - whereby the time gap between a book closure and a record date should be 30 days - exchanges referred the matter to Sebi.
Sebi, on September 19, informed the bourses that the record date fixed by Oracle Financial was in violation of clause 16. The same was communicated to the company, which then approached SAT.
In its order, the tribunal noted that provision contained in clause 16 referred to 30 days gap between two book closures and two record dates and not between a book closure and a record date.
"... the very fact that the word two is used prior to the words book closures is suggestive of the fact that the time gap is intended between two book closures and two record dates and not between a book closure and a record date," SAT said.
Noting that it had been already announced that dividend would be paid on September 29, "it is difficult to envisage as to how the investor interest would be jeopardised if record date is fixed as September 24 and payments are made on September 29".
However, taking into consideration the difficulty for BSE to update the trading system within such a short time, SAT has decided to keep the record date as September 25.
"We make it clear that passing of our order will not come in the way of Sebi initiating any proceedings against the appellant relating to interpretation of clause 16 of the Listing Agreement and pass appropriate orders in accordance with law," the tribunal said.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 23:11 (IST)

Valuations of Midcaps at Historical Highs: UBSThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Investment bank UBS turned more selective on Indian midcaps, says valuations relative to large caps are now at historical highs.
UBS cuts Cholamandalam Investment and Finance and Info Edge India to "neutral" from "buy"; downgraded TTK Prestige to "sell" from "neutral".
Its top midcap picks include Multi Commodity Exchange of India, Voltas, and LIC Housing Finance. Other top picks: Britannia Industries and Bajaj Electricals.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

IMF expects 2015 economic growth in China to be "well above" 7 percentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s Sasken Comm slumps to daily limit after CEO resignsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Supreme court cancels 214 coal blocks  spares only 4EYE BROWSE
Supreme court cancels 214 coal blocks, spares only 4
The Supreme Court cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011, except four vested with the NTPC and other public sector undertakings.
Yahoo India –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed 214 of the 218 coal blocks allotted by different central governments since 1993 terming these allocations illegal.
The Apex court, however, spared 4 coal blocks allocated to public sector units -- SAIL, NTPC and two for Ultra Mega Power Projects -- from de-allocation.
Companies whose blocks have been cancelled by the Supreme Court have been given six months’ times to wind up their business. The court has also asked holders of 46 operational blocks to file reply in 6 months.
The Central Bureau of Investigation enquiry into the coal scam however will continue.
The court also directed that the companies would have to pay the loss as compensation for the non-operation of the mines, accepting the CAG's estimate that there was a loss of Rs 295 per mega tonne due such non-functioning mines.
The Supreme Court has thus imposed a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne on all cancelled coal block holders, directing them to pay for all the coal they had used until March 31, 2015.
AAP leader and Supreme Court lawyer Prashant Bhushan had filed a PIL seeking cancellation of cola block allocations by the government, in 2012, contending that the government has illegally and unfairly favoured some private companies while allocating coal blocks.
The Supreme Court took cognizance of the PIL and scrutinized coal block allocation since 1993.
Last month, the Supreme Court had ruled that all coal blocks allocations since 1993 by successive governments had been made illegally and arbitrarily.
The Supreme Court, which had used almost all terms to condemn the procedures adopted by 36 screening committee meetings since 1993, however, had stopped short of cancelling them saying, ‘What should be the consequences is the issue which remains to be tackled.’
The court, which examined the allocation of 218 blocks in pre-auction era till 2010, had held that they were done in an illegal manner by an ‘ad-hoc and casual' approach ‘without application of mind' and ‘common good and public interest suffered heavily' due to lack of fair and transparent procedure resulting in ‘unfair distribution' of the ‘national wealth’ – coal -- which is king and paramount lord of industry.'
Soon after the Supreme Court’s verdict on coal allocation companies whose coal blocks have been de-allocated saw their share-prices plummet. Stocks of Coal India and NTPC, expectedly, are however soaring.
Recommend

ECB To Keep Easy Policy Until Inflation Nears 2%: DraghiRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Paris: European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi said on Wednesday that euro zone monetary policy would remain accommodative for a long period and that the goal was to push ultra-low inflation back up closer to the two percent level.
"Monetary policy will remain accommodating for a long time and I can tell you that the (ECB) Governing Council is unanimous in committing itself to using the tools at its disposal to bring inflation back to just under two percent," Draghi said in an interview on French Europe 1 radio.
"Interest rates will remain low because they can't get much lower," he added.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty ends flat  FO expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%  CIL up 5%Sep 24, 2014, 03.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends flat, F&O expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%, CIL up 5%
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends flat, F&O expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%, CIL up 5%
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.
Post your opinion here
Live Market Commentary
03:30pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks recouped losses in late trade on support by FMCG, healthcare, power, mining and select technology stocks. The Sensex fell 31 points to 26744.69 (which had shed more than 200 points intraday), while the Nifty declined 15.15 points to 8002.40 ahead of September series expiry.
About 1031 shares have advanced, 1928 shares declined, and 102 shares are unchanged.
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.
Supreme Court added that the government is free to auction all cancelled blocks post March 2015, which is a beneficial to Coal India, the largest coal mining company. The stock was up 5 percent. Attorney General said Coal India will carry out mining activity till auctions held.
L&T, SBI, TCS, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Axis Bank, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Hero Motocorp were down 1-3 percent while ITC, HUL, Infosys, ONGC, Cipla and Wipro gained 1-3 percent.
03:25pm Reaction on SC verdict on coal scam
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said, "We believe that uncertainty is possibly the worst enemy of growth. We are glad that this is over with the SC verdict on coal blocks allocation. We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation."
03:20pm Crompton bags order
Avantha Group Company Crompton Greaves announced a USD 25 million new contract win for the design, construction and delivery of 16 mobile substations. The order was placed by the General Directorate for Transmission, Upper Euphrates Region, Ministry of Electricity in Iraq.
The key deliverables are engineering and supply of 16 mobile substations containing 31.5 MVA transformers delivered by CG's power transformer factory in Hungary, auxiliary/earthing units manufactured in the distribution transformer factory in Belgium and control and protection equipment provided by CG's automation arm ZIV.
03:15pm Titan shares in demand
Titan Company says the board of directors of the company has taken an in-principle decision to spin off the precision engineering division of the company as a wholly owned subsidiary, subject to applicable approvals.
The board also approved the invitation and acceptance of deposits from customers for jewelry purchases under the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014.
03:10pm Ranbaxy Labs in News
Ranbaxy Labs says shareholders approve merger of company with Sun Pharma.
03:05pm Jaiprakash Power Ventures tanks 6%
Jaiprakash Power Ventures said the company's the draft scheme of arrangement for hiving off Baspa-II and Karcham Wangtoo Hydro Electric Projects of the company to two separate wholly owned subsidiaries, for which approval of the exchanges was obtained on June 13, 2014, has been dropped.
03:00pm Godrej Properties in focus
Godrej Properties says it has sold over 250 apartments, with an area over 400,000 square feet. in just three weeks at the launch of its residential project, Godrej Aria, in Sector 79, Gurgaon. 
Spread over 7 acres, Godrej Aria consists of 6 high rise towers and offers 386 apartments across approximately 650,000 sq. ft. of space, it adds.
02:55pm Losers
Shares ICICI Bank, Larsen and Toubro, HDFC, TCS, State Bank of India, Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Hindalco Industries fell 1-2.5 percent followed by Axis Bank, Tata Motors and Bharti Airtel with over 0.5 percent loss.
02:50pm Leaders
IT, FMCG and healthcare (so called defensives) supported the market. ITC, Infosys, Wipro and Hindustan Unilever spiked 1.5-2.5 percent. Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs and Cipla rose 0.4-0.7 percent. HDFC Bank gained 0.9 percent.
Coal India topped the buying list, up 4.5 percent. Mahindra and Mahindra, NTPC, ONGC and Tata Power climbed 0.8-1.5 percent.
02:45pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks recovered. The Sensex fell 7.54 points to 26768.15 and the Nifty declined 12.70 points to 8004.85. About 868 shares have advanced, 2028 shares declined, and 75 shares are unchanged.
02:40pm SC exempts 4 coal blocks
Supreme Court said there is no reason to save these blocks, allocation was arbitrary, adding out of 218 blocks, only four are exempted.
Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said.
The court asked holders of 46 operational blocks to file reply in 6 months. CBI enquiry into coal block allocation case will continue, SC said.
02:35pm Stocks Impact
Jindal Steel & Power crashed 10 percent, Usha Martin down 12 percent, Sarda Energy down 3 percent, Jayaswal Neco down 7 percent, Monnet Ispat down 6 percent, SAIL down 1.5 percent, GMR Infrastructure down 10 percent and Prakash Industries down 6 percent.
Reliance Power jumped 6.5 percent. Coal India surged 5 percent and NTPC was up 1.5 percent.
02:30pm Analyst on Verdict
Rakesh Arora of Macquarie told CNBC-TV18 that Jindal Steel and Power's penalty amounts to Rs 3,000 crore after Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty is imposed on all cancelled block holders.
However, he said the impact on Hindalco Industries will be minimal.
02:25pm SC Verdict
Supreme Court order will become operational after 6 months. Attorney General said companies will have to stop production on March 31, 2015. SC says six months period is given for government to make alternate arrangements.
Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty is imposed on all cancelled block holders. Supreme Court says the government is free to auction all cancelled blocks post March 2015, which is a beneficial to Coal India, the largest coal mining company.
Attorney General says Coal India will carry out mining activity till auctions held
02:20pm Gainers post Coal Verdict
Coal India surged 5 percent after the Supreme Court cancelled category-1 coal blocks except government-run non-joint venture operational blocks. NTPC gained over a percent.
02:15pm Market check: The Sensex is down 134.56 points at 26641.13 and the Nifty is down 47.20 points at 7970.35. About 788 shares have advanced, 2065 shares declined, and 75 shares are unchanged. Hindalco is down 4 percent and JSPL sinks 10 percent. 
02:10pm Breaking: Coal Block Allocation: Supreme Court cancels category-1 coal blocks stating there is no reason to save these blocks and allocation are arbitrary. It adds of 218 blocks, only four are exempted.
 Don't miss: Market driven by global cues, bullish on ACC: P Lilladher
The market is under pressure. The Sensex is down 45.52 points at 26730.17 and the Nifty down 17.75 points at 7999.80. About 838 shares have advanced, 1979 shares declined, and 82 shares are unchanged.
HUL, Coal India, Wipro, ITC and Hindalco are up 2 percent each. On the losing side are L&T, Tata Power, BHEL, Hero MotoCorp and Bajaj Auto.
Brent crude fell for a third day, slipping further below USD 97 a barrel as inflated supplies and weak economic data from Europe outweighed rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East.
The European economic data and a rise in oil exports from Iraq and Nigeria overshadowed a boost from China with Tuesday's release of a better-than-expected flash Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for September. US air strikes on militants in Syria also failed to lift prices.
Asian markets closed mixed while Europe is trading flat as concerns on global growth and unrest in Syria dominate sentiment.
13:00

Coal scam: JSPL dives 10%  Coal India Rel Power rally 5%Sep 24, 2014, 05.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coal scam: JSPL dives 10%, Coal India & Rel Power rally 5%
Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint venture operating blocks, have been spared. Those exempted from this verdict include allocations to NTPC, SAIL and Sasan UMPP. Shares of Coal India was up 4 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal scam: JSPL dives 10%, Coal India & Rel Power rally 5%
Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint venture operating blocks, have been spared. Those exempted from this verdict include allocations to NTPC, SAIL and Sasan UMPP. Shares of Coal India was up 4 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Jindal Steel and Power crashed around 14 percent intraday on Wednesday after the Supreme Court passed its verdict in the coal scam. The SC has de-allocated 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993. Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint venture operating blocks, have been spared.
The court has cancelled category-1 coal blocks stating there is no reason to save these blocks and allocation arbitrary. The Attorney general has said that a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne will be imposed on all cancelled block holders and ordered companies to stop production on March 31, 2015
Though the order will become operational from April 1, 2015 the SC has given six month period given for government to make alternate arrangements. It has also said that the government is free to auction cancelled blocks post March 2015.
Rakesh Arora, Research Head (India) Macquarie Capital Securities feels that JSPL may have to cough up over Rs 3,000 crore as penalty and will have to bid in auction which will entail further cost if they want to keep these mines together.
“If you do a replacement cost also the worst case comes at around Rs 220 per share. The stock has already fallen well beyond it and once people understand the numbers etc I don’t really see too much of downside for Jindal Steel & Power from here on,” he said in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
According to Arora, impact on Hindalco is going to be minimal as it is very small proportion of their operations but it will have to bid in auction for upcoming projects.
Losers

PM asks cola firms to mix aerated drinks with fruit juicePM asks cola firms to mix aerated drinks with fruit juice
Ashish Agashe     Tamika (Karnataka)    Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 18:59 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Photo: Reuters
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday asked soft drink makers such as Pepsi to try and mix aerated drinks with 5 per cent fruit juice to help distressed farmers find a new market for their produce.
"We drink Pepsi, Coca-Cola and I do not know how many similar beverages are available in the market. The trade runs into billions of rupees. I have asked the companies if they can blend 5 per cent natural fruit juice in the beverages they make," Modi said after inaugurating the country's first integrated food park in Tamika (Karnataka) .
"I am not asking for much. If 5 per cent of juice from fruits produced by our farmers is added, the farmer will not be forced to search for a market to sell. A single decision can ensure billions of rupees of trade," he said.
Modi added he has already asked the Central government's research bodies to work on the possibility of blending cola drinks, which are widely considered unhealthy, with natural fruit juice.
By doing so, he said, farmers will not be forced to dump their produce and let it go waste because of unremunerative prices and the country can save Rs 30,000-40,000 crore by reducing the wastage of food products through processing.
According to a report by Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations released last December, the consumption of non-alcoholic beverages is expected to increase by 16.5-19 per cent over the next three years in the country.
The report says corporate manufacturers of non-alcoholic beverages are expected to grow at an annual rate of 16.5 per cent and non-corporate manufacturers at 19 per cent.
The estimates are based on an assumed gross domestic product growth of 7 per cent, which is much higher than the 5 per cent growth several economists have forecast.
The country's beverage market is largely unorganised, with nearly 75 per cent of the demand serviced by companies in the unorganised sector.
In his 20-minute speech, Modi stressed on the importance of proper storage, processing and value additions, which will be done at the park.
He also underscored the need for adopting more scientific methods of farming.
Meanwhile, over Rs 250 crore has already been invested by the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group in the park and it has plans to invest over Rs 750 crore more over 2-3 years.
Besides, the company plans to open two more such parks at Kharagpur in West Bengal and another in Madhya Pradesh as it expands into the Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) space with its own food brands.
The farmer can get his produce to the food park, which will help in providing proper storage and process it to ensure a longer shelf life. Value additions like turning it into ready to eat items like rotis and pani puris, will also be done, Biyani said.
Minister of State for Food Processing Harsimrat Kaur Badal said the government is planning to open four more such parks across the country this fiscal and take the number up to 17 over time.
Kaur said such facilities will help control the worrisome food inflation, which has been persistently hovering at the double digit mark, leading to a slew of problems like a high interest rate regime.
At the event, Modi said his administration is committed to providing the necessary infrastructure, including facilities to export food products by sea.
He said there is an increased awareness about Indian food globally and the companies here should leverage that and make ready-to-eat products like curries.
Modi also stressed on the need to capitalise on the opportunity presented by the demand for organic food, saying regions along the Himalayas and in the north east, untouched by modern farming till now, can produce the required stuff.
With growth being the rallying theme, Modi said the country can progress only if the purchasing power of the villagers grows.
(PTI)

Srinagar limps back to life  focus shifts on state govt s failureThe Omar Abdullah's government failed to predict the extent of floods. (Source: PTI/file)
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:21 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 7:37 pm
As Srinagar is limping back to life after the floods drowned half of the city, the focus is shifting back to the state administration that went missing with the rising waters. A post mortem of the floods and the aftermath puts blame on the state machinery. Here are some major failures.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah: As head of the state, Omar is answerable to the people of Kashmir for failing to pre-empt. The government failed to predict the extent of floods and he and his administration also failed to take any preventive measures. After the floods, Omar and his administration was missing for more than 15 days. The government hadn’t even procured any boat. “For six days, they (government) had seen the devastation caused by these floods in south Kashmir,” said Umar Firdous, a resident of Bemina. “Were they sleeping?”
Chief Engineer Irrigation and Flood Control Javed Jaffer: Many people in valley ask why the Chief Engineer has not been sacked. Even till Sunday afternoon, the engineer maintained that the flood waters in Srinagar are receding but it only continued to increase by several feet for another 12 hours. There was no prior warning to the people about the extent of floods. In fact, the Facebook page of Irrigation and Flood Control put a status on Sunday morning saying that water level at Srinagar has receded by three inch. “By now, he should have been terminated for failing to predict and warn the people,” says Adil Ahmad of Jawahar Nagar. “Nobody warned us”.
Deputy Commissioner Srinagar Farooq Shah: When the water started to inundate the Srinagar city, the Deputy Commissioner went missing from the scene. There was no coordination between the different quarters of the government and as there was communication breakdown, the deputy commissioner and his office was off the scene. “We have been told that he (deputy commissioner Farooq Shah) was himself staying at Lalit palace when the people needed him,” says Mudasir Ahmad, a resident of Nishat.
Inspector General of Police A G Mir: For many years police had been the only face of the state in difficult times. But on September 7 when the flood waters started to inundate the city, police went missing. For more than a week no man in uniform was seen at any place in Srinagar.
Cellular Companies: Barring Aircel that worked in several parts of the valley, there was complete communication breakdown in the valley. “When Uttrakhand was hit by massive flash floods, the communication was restored within 48 hours,” says Younis Ahmad, a businessman from Lalchowk. “But here, it has been more than a fortnight and they are yet to start restoration”.

Coal block cancellation to impact Sarda by Rs. 100 crore annuallyYou are here: Home Interviews
Coal Block Cancellation to Impact Sarda by Rs 100 Cr Annually
NDTV | Updated On: September 24, 2014 19:31 (IST)
Ambit Bullish on Nifty; Bets Big on Ramkrishna Forgings, Alstom T&D
After the Supreme Court in a landmark decision on Wednesday cancelled 214 coal blocks out of the 218 coal blocks allocated to various companies since 1993, one of the allottees Sarda Energy & Minerals said the decision will set them back by around Rs 100 crore annually. Sarda's mine has been operational since 2008-09.
"It (coal block cancellation) will have an additional cost of Rs 80-Rs100 crore annually," Ghanshyam Das Mundra, whole-time director at Sarda Energy & Minerals told NDTV. ( Watch interview )
Mr Mundra said their company extracts roughly 1.1 million tonne of coal annually from this mine to operate their power project and sponge iron project. If they were to procure that much coal from outside then then they have to pay around Rs 800 to Rs 1000 per tonne over their present cost.
The top court also imposed a fine of Rs 295 per tonne on the coal extracted from these mines from the start of the production till March 2015.
For Sharda the penalty comes to around Rs 105 crore, Mr Mundra said. Till March 2014, Sarda Energy & Minerals have mined roughly 3.6 million tonnes of coals from the allocated coal mine.
The cancelled coal blocks will be re-auctioned by the government, the Supreme Court said. Sarda Energy & Minerals said they would participate in the re-auctioning of the coal mines as the company has already invested time, money and manpower in making their mine operational.
Shares in Sarda Energy & Minerals closed 2.66 per cent lower at Rs 212.15 on Wednesday after falling to a day low of Rs 203 post the coal verdict.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 19:31 (IST)

Mars mission success a national accomplishment: Ghulam Nabi Azad9
0
New Delhi: Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad on Wednesday hailed ISRO's triumph in maiden Mars mission, calling it a national accomplishment that has raised India's status world-wide.
Heartily congratulating scientists of ISRO, the Congress leader said that it is also a "befitting reply to the class of politicians who keep claiming that nothing has happened in the last sixty years".
Azad said that the "unprecedented success" in entering the Red Planet's orbit on the first attempt reflected the "unmatched brilliance", remarkable abilities and unflinching commitment of the scientific community.
Heartily congratulating scientists of ISRO, the Congress leader said that it is also a "befitting reply to the class of politicians who keep claiming that nothing has happened in the last sixty years".
#mars mission #ghulam nabi azad #congress #isro
"Today's achievement has raised our status and esteem in the comity of nations considering the fact that out of the 51 missions, only 21 have succeeded, with none in the first attempt," he said.
With the success of 'Mangalyaan', India has become the first country to go to Mars in the very first try. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts. The first Chinese mission to Mars, called Yinghuo-1, failed in 2011. Earlier in 1998, the Japanese mission ran out of fuel and was lost.
"Our head bows to our talented scientists at ISRO for accomplishing this outstanding feat. We are proud of you," the former Union Minister said. He also said that though it is an event to be celebrated by the nation, it is also a "befitting reply to the class of politicians who keep claiming that nothing has happened in the last sixty years and still never let go of any opportunity to take credit without being willing to share the credit with those who had the vision to nurture world class institutions capable of creating history".
5

India needs  sensible  regulations to spur growth: RBI s RajanSep 24, 2014, 10.04 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India needs 'sensible' regulations to spur growth: Rajan
Rajan said the country's needs a vibrant financial system which will finance people who want to create jobs and also those who want to pursue higher education. "We need financial system that give access to all.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India needs 'sensible' regulations to spur growth: Rajan
Rajan said the country's needs a vibrant financial system which will finance people who want to create jobs and also those who want to pursue higher education. "We need financial system that give access to all.
Post your opinion here
 
India needs to have "clever and sensible" regulations to create a business-friendly environment which will lead to faster growth of the economy and create jobs, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said. "We need the right kind...not too much, not too little, but clever and sensible regulations. Not just the regulations in the book, but also the enforcement to make sure that businesses have chance to succeed in away that promotes growth and create jobs," he said at the 58th annual general meeting of Indo-German Chamber of Commerc.
Although the country has enough regulations, not all of them are of the right kind, he said. Rajan said the country's needs a vibrant financial system which will finance people who want to create jobs and also those who want to pursue higher education. "We need financial system that give access to all.
Also Read: RBI seen holding rates until Q2 2015, then ease, says poll
(Financial) exclusion (of people) is bad in many ways - one they don't have access and second they cannot save in the financial system which can force them to save outside at a greater risk, and at times at a substantially low returns." He emphasised on providing better education and skills to the working age population. "We need broad level skills across the population, which means we have to improve the quality of education."
The RBI chief said bringing down malnutrition among the population is one of the main concerns the country faces. "Unfortunately, the direct interventions have had only moderate effects...intervening directly with poor households and providing nutritional supplements has had moderate effects because some people argue it is more than just that."
Rajan further said one of the bigger challenges for India is how to take advantage of its demographic dividends. "Of course, as many have noted that a demographic dividend can turn into demographic curse if we don't create jobs. So what's important is we reap the benefits of demographic dividend by creating jobs," he added.
RELATED NEWS

BlackBerry Passport: BlackBerry launches a square-shaped smartphone; features a 4.5-inch touchscreen  3-row keyboard19
0
Toronto: BlackBerry launched an unconventional new smartphone dubbed the Passport on Wednesday as it embarked on what may be the most critical phase of its long turnaround push.
At simultaneous events in Toronto, London and Dubai, BlackBerry showed off the device, which is the size and shape of a closed passport, with a large square touchscreen as well as a keyboard. The Passport comes to market as the phones of BlackBerry's rivals converge on a single profile, with tall, rectangular screens and smooth corners.
ALSO SEE BlackBerry Passport: This is unlike any BlackBerry phone you have seen before
Users can type on the Passport's keyboard to enter text, or swipe lightly across it to navigate through the phone.
Passport users will be able to download apps from Amazon's app store, previously only available for Android-based phones.
#blackberry #blackberry passport #smartphones #passport
BlackBerry recently concluded a three-year restructuring process, and it is now up to Chief Executive John Chen to prove that the company's new devices and services are capable of generating sustainable new streams of revenue and returning it to profit.
"BlackBerry is still fighting for survival. They still need to turn around and develop a viable ongoing business model," said Morningstar analyst Brian Colello.
"Their products are certainly pointing toward that and the new strategy makes sense, but there is still a lot of execution risk at this point in a very competitive market."
At the Toronto event, Chen brought out retired National Hockey League star Wayne Gretzky to talk up the Passport's features.
The device is set to go on sale in some markets on Wednesday, with a suggested introductory retail price of C$699 ($629) in Canada and $599 in the United States.
BlackBerry said it expects the price on contract to be about $249, depending on the carrier, and that the phone should be available in more than 30 countries by the end of the year. It will be carried by AT&T in the United States.
Passport users will be able to download apps from Amazon's app store, previously only available for Android-based phones. BlackBerry announced the deal that cleared the way for its customers to access Amazon's store in June.
The launch kicks off a busy period for Waterloo, Ontario-based BlackBerry. The company is set to report its second-quarter results on Friday and within a couple of months it is also expected to launch the long-awaited BlackBerry Classic, which bears similarities to its once wildly popular Bold smartphone. [ID:nL3N0NZ1VF]
"BlackBerry just needs one hit phone for now," Colello said. "It doesn't quite matter whether it is the Passport, the Classic or anything else, but they do need one device to jump-start the hardware business again."
The company hopes the Classic and the launch of its new mobile device management system - BlackBerry Enterprise Service 12 (BES12) - will help it claw back ground ceded to rivals in both the hardware and services market.
The BES 12 platform will allow IT managers at large companies and government agencies to not only manage and secure BlackBerry devices, but also manage Windows-based devices, and more easily administer Android and iOS devices. [ID:nL2N0F101R]
Chen, a well-regarded turnaround expert in the tech sector, wants BlackBerry to remain a competitor in the smartphone arena, but he is focused on reshaping the company to build on its core strengths in areas such as mobile data security and mobile device management.
BlackBerry is betting that the enhanced security features on its BES 12 platform, coupled with a range of value-added services, will help revive revenue growth and stem its slide.
BlackBerry's shares rose 2.9 per cent to $10.87 in early trading on Nasdaq on Wednesday.
9

Tata Coffee appoints 2 new directorsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Coffee appoints 2 new directors
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore September 24:  
Tata Coffee has appointed K Venkataramanan as Executive Director - Finance and Chief Financial Officer the company. The appointment will be effective from October 25 consequent to the retirement of M Deepak Kumar, the present CFO and Executive Director - Finance, the company said in a statement. Venkataramanan is currently CFO for Tata Global Beverages, South Asia. Tata Coffee has also Sunalini Menon as a Director of the Company with effect from September 23 in place of DR Kaarthikeyan who will be retiring on October 1. Menon, CEO of Coffee Lab Pvt Ltd, has more than 35 years of experience in the coffee industry.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Obama urges Muslims to confront violenceObama calls on Muslim world to confront ‘violent extremism’
By Geoff Dyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f5a1c58-4400-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Balts fear Moscow focus on RussophonesBaltic states fear Kremlin focus on ethnic Russians
By Tony Barber in Tallinn
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71d9145c-3268-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australian housing market unbalancedCentral bank warns on ‘unbalanced’ Australian housing market
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d12e345e-43cb-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ikea to open first India store in HyderabadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In expansion drive  ebay to take regulatory hurdles in strideE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Goldman Group set to buy stake in message start-upE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

L&T launches $200-m FCCBE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Private equity  changing the game© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b7d9db56-4007-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Android One moves into top gearE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Make in India uphill task for PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cong  NCP suspend seat-sharing talks for Maharashtra assembly pollCong, NCP suspend seat-sharing talks for Maharashtra assembly poll
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Negotiations between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) over sharing of seats for the coming election to the 288-member Maharashtra Legislative Assembly have come to a halt with both sticking to their stand.
Notably, the two parties have also indicated that they are prepared to part ways and go solo. A meeting slated for Wednesday morning did not take place after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan left for his home town Karad, from where he plans to contest.
NCP chief Sharad Pawar, former Union minister Praful Patel, and Maharashtra deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar met as scheduled.
Meanwhile, the Congress reiterated it would not accept NCP's demand for 144 seats; it said it could offer only 124.
An NCP minister in the Maharashtra government told Business Standard: “Besides, the Congress has forwarded the list of a few seats, which can be exchanged and it is not acceptable to the NCP. If the Congress decides not to strike a seat-sharing deal, then the NCP is prepared to go solo. However, the Congress should reveal its mind.”
A Congress minister said the party does not want to succumb to NCP's pressure tactics. “There is no question of giving 144 seats to NCP merely because it has won two more seats than the Congress in the Lok Sabha polls. The Congress is firm that it would give only 124 seats to NCP,” the minister averred. He added the chief minister would discuss the NCP's demand for rotational chief ministership with the Congress’ top leadership.
Meanwhile, the NCP has asked party candidates who have been short-listed, to file their nominations from Thursday onwards as the last date is September 27.

What Google is telling people who want to be forgottenSeptember 24, 2014
This item has been corrected .
Google is on the road in Europe, travelling with a merry band of enlisted experts from Madrid to Brussels via other major European cities. The roadshow is part of Google’s effort to drum up support for its point of view about the “ right to be forgotten ,” which allows Europeans to request Google to take down links to material about them that is ” irrelevant, outdated, or otherwise inappropriate.”  Meanwhile, the European Union has its own (somewhat less sophisticated) PR exercise underway  (pdf).
While there is plenty of spin from both sides, facts on the ground remain scarce. In July, Google told the European Commission’s Article 29 Working Party, a body of data protection commissioners, that it had received over 91,000 requests for some 328,000 links to be taken down because of obsolete information since the ruling went into effect in May. More recently, the New Yorker reported that the number of requests  had climbed to 120,000 , at an average of four links per request. That suggests the flood is turning into a trickle: Google got 10% of those on the first day  of launching its online request form.
How is Google dealing with those requests? Forget.me , a service from the people at Reputation VIP , has some answers. Forget.me has so far  requested the removal of 15,000 links from people in 30 countries. That’s 4.5% of the total number of links Google is being asked to remove—a respectable sample size. Here are trends that have emerged from Forget.me’s requests:
Of the 15,061 links submitted, Forget.me has so far received a response for 7,085 of them, or just under half.
Google rejected the majority of those.
Share
Tap image to zoom
“Questions” can include things like “You have made an error in your request, can you correct it?”; “Can you prove you are not guilty of what you were accused of?”; and “Can you prove what you were accused of is no longer relevant?”
If a request is refused, Google offers an explanation.
Share
Tap image to zoom
People who are considered to have a role in public life include TV presenters, journalists, politicians, and business leaders, among others.
Forget.me found that Google is becoming less likely to respond favorably as time passes.
Share
Tap image to zoom
But at least Google is taking less time to process the requests. “However,” adds Forget.me, “even though the average time it takes to deal with a request has changed considerably, we must remember that more than half of the URLs have not yet been dealt with, and therefore be prepared to wait many weeks for a reply.” Google has not yet responded to a request for comment.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Correction (Sept. 25, 2014): An earlier version of this article incorrectly referred to Forget.me as a service from Reputation.com. It is in fact a product of Reputation VIP. Hopefully we can all just forget about this error.
Share this:

Apple pulls iPhone software updateApple apologises for bungling iPhone software update
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2648f80-4419-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama may ask India to join fight against ISUpdated: September 25, 2014 03:28 IST
Obama may ask India to join fight against IS
Suhasini Haidar
Reuters U.S. President Barack Obama
TOPICS
India-United States
As Washington completes a round of airstrikes on the Islamic State (IS) of Iraq and Syria, U.S President Barack Obama on Wednesday garnered more support for the coalition at the United Nations.
On Monday, PTI quoted U.S. officials as saying that Mr. Obama will ask Prime Minister Narendra Modi to join the 40 countries that have offered support.
Delhi may share intelligence in fight against IS
In the event of Washington seeking closer cooperation with India in its campaign against the Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria, during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with President Barack Obama, New Delhi has three possible options.
At present, officials say the cooperation extends to exchanging notes on IS propaganda and is limited to information-sharing. “It is an area of cooperation as of now,” confirmed Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin, who called working with the U.S. on IS “a major issue of focus during the Obama-Modi meeting, we look forward to enhancing that cooperation.”
But the government’s advisers, like Chairman of the National Security Advisory Board Shyam Saran, feel it will be difficult for India to do more than extend moral support to the coalition.
“The U.S. hasn’t had a great track record in fighting the IS itself, and India will have to look closely at what kind of cooperation they require before committing,” he said at the Brookings Institute in Delhi last week.
The first option, however, would be to help with ground intelligence and with blocking IS attempts to enlist Muslims in the two countries. Mr. Modi and Mr. Obama are likely to announce enhanced and more real-time sharing of intelligence about the IS, that would also involve information about the fate of the 40 Indians kidnapped in Mosul four months ago. The release of 49 Turkish hostages this week, who had been held by the IS for 101 days, has raised questions about India’s efforts to free its men caught in the conflict.
Logistics help
The second would be logistical support for the airplanes carrying out the attacks. At present, the U.S. would have little need for this, given that Iraq and neighbouring countries like Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Jordan are part of the airstrikes, and the U.S. is launching some of them from its own aircraft carriers stationed off the Gulf.
In 1991, during Gulf War I, then Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar had come under much criticism for allowing U.S. bombers to refuel at Mumbai’s Sahar airport on their way into Iraq. Even so, India could offer a similar sort of assistance, which would perhaps find more takers today, given that the target is a terrorist group, not a functioning government.
The third, that of any kind of Indian troop involvement on the ground, is ruled out by all concerned. To begin with, the Iraqi government has made it clear it wants no “foreign boots” on the ground. “We don’t want them. We won’t allow them,” Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi told AP.

RIL to raise $800 mn from Korea co to fund RJioReliance Industries to raise $800 million from Korea Exim to fund Reliance Jio
Arijit Barman, ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 04.40AM IST
Tags:
equipment
(Reliance Industries Ltd…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL),is raising $800 million from Korea Exim (K-Exim) in order to finance purchase of telecom equipment from Korean vendors such as Samsung by Reliance Jio (RJio), the telecom arm of the retail to petroleum giant, indicating that the much awaited rollout of telecom services by India's largest private company is gathering pace. The company may launch services in the first quarter of 2015, according to analysts.
This will be the first international financing for RJio, after a $1.5 billion overseas borrowing (ECB) raised in 2010 for spectrum payments. RIL is expected to soon refinance that funding as well. "The new tenor will be for 5.25 years for $1 billion and 6.5 years for $500 million. These will be at spreads lower than the previous loan."
K-Exim will be funding 60% of the amount while standing guarantees for the remaining amount. A number of global banks — three each from Japan and Korea along with ANZ and HSBC, would bankroll the rest. The agreements are expected to be signed within the next 2 days, according to people directly involved in the matter.
Reliance spokesperson was not available for comment.
From 2012 till now, RIL, responsible for about 14% of India's exports, has raised over $11 billion from overseas via bonds, ECBs as well as funding from exim banks. Most of funding till now is to finance the company's capex for a massive expansion of its petrochemicals capacity.
Exim bank are quasi- government organisations that offer cheaper credit (relative to commercial banks) to support exports from its country or region. RIL - the country's largest overseas borrower -- is also the most active Indian corporation in tapping the ECA financing route that offer cheaper credit for a longer tenure. For example, the latest financing is expected to be 12 years, said the sources mentioned above.
ECAs from the US, Korea, France and the UK, have extended ECA-backed funding to RIL during 2013 on the back of its strong balance sheet and credit ratings, the latter being better than India's sovereign ratings.
As a result, Reliance has been to lock in capital commitments for tenors as long as 14 years and at extremely low costs — on average a fixed-rate ECA from the US government carries an interest rate of 3.5% versus 5% to 5.5% for a 10-year dollar-denominated bond.
Reliance has been working towards a 2015 launch for its 4G telecom service and may invest as much as .`70,000 crore towards this end. As per a recent calculation by Moody's, RIL is expected to pump in nearly 42% of that amount over the next two years. The company has said that Jio will initially cover about 5,000 towns and cities, covering over 90% of urban India, as well as over 215,000 villages in India. The target is to expand this to over 600,000 villages.
Reliance Jio acquired telecom spectrum four years ago but has since waited for clarity in telecom policy and for technology to evolve. But earlier this month, analysts from investment bank Credit Suisse said that as per their intelligence, the rollout has been gathering momentum and a March 2015 launch could be expected.
"RJio has completed installation of 32,000 LTE base stations nationwide. The pace of rollout, importantly, has picked up sharply to 6,500-7,000 per month (vs 3,000 per month in May 2014). It seems the company and the rollout partners are maturing in the rollout process (note this is the first major equipment contract for Samsung in India)," wrote analysts Sunil Tirumalai and Chunky Shah in a September 16 note to clients.
In addition to the original base station contract (for 60,000 LTE units for the initial launch network), a second contract for an additional 50,000-70,000 base stations has also been awarded to Samsung. "So we see firm visibility of the network size crossing 100,000 base stations. Since many of these sites will also run on 1800MHz FDD LTE (we expect this to be the base voice network), the network would be quite comparable to other operator's network in terms of reach, in our view," they added.
These base stations are believed to allow multiple technologies to work across multiple bands of spectrum. For Jio the relevant technologies are FDD LTE (frequency division duplexing) and TDD LTE (time-division duplexing), the two rival fourth generation (4G) wireless telephony technologies. The telecom department has also recently issued Reliance spectrum in the 1800 MHz band that it won in the February auctions in 14 circles. Most industry observers feel Jio will initially offer basic voice services on the 1800MHz spectrum, using FDD VoLTE (Voice over LTE).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stakes high for Barclays and SFO in probeStakes are high for Barclays and SFO over Qatar investors probe
By Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a94cdea4-4407-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FAA Expected to Approve Drones for MoviemakingAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Supreme Court scraps 214 coal blocks: The immediate impactE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal blocks verdict: Investor doubts back as Narendra Modi heads for USE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Asia cheered by Wall St rebound  $ resumes advanceAsia cheered by Wall St rebound, dollar resumes advance
By Reuters | 25 Sep, 2014, 08.25AM IST
0
Share More
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.1 per cent, pulling away from a four-month low touched the previous day.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Asian stocks rose early on Thursday, cheered by a sizeable overnight rebound on Wall Street, while the dollar resumed its advance after upbeat economic data undercut safe-haven bids and pushed yields higher.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.1 per cent, pulling away from a four-month low touched the previous day when US-led air strikes in Syria stoked geopolitical concerns.
Tokyo's Nikkei rose 1 per cent, heartened as the yen resumed its weakening against the dollar.
Wall Street rebounded broadly overnight, buoyed by strong US housing data and with dovish statements from a top Federal Reserve official also helping.
"Risk aversion was increasing across global equities this week, but once again it was the US market that helped clear uncertainty," said Junichi Ishikawa , a market strategist at IG Securities in Tokyo .
The dollar, rejuvenated after benchmark US Treasury yields rose for the first time in four days and as the euro slumped to fresh lows, edged closer to a six-year high versus the yen.
The dollar traded as high as 109.27 yen. A break above 109.46 would take the greenback to a high not seen since 2008.
The euro hovered close to a 14-month trough of 1.2774 struck overnight on poor German data and statements by European Central Bank President Mario Draghi monetary policy would be kept loose for an extended period.
The Australian dollar managed to bounce back towards 89 US cents from a seven-month low of $0.8831 plumbed on Tuesday as risk appetite improved.
Reserve Bank of Australia Governor Glenn Stevens will give a brief speech at 0230 GMT that could potentially offer trading insights, but he is not scheduled to take questions.
For broader cues the financial markets are eyeing US jobless claims and durable goods numbers due later in the day for potential impact on yields and currencies.
In a week filled with appearances by US central bank officials, investors today await Atlanta Fed president Dennis Lochart's speech.
In commodities, Brent crude oil extended gains on escalating conflict in the Middle East and stronger-than-expected growth expectations for China helped lift the benchmark off a two-year low the previous day.
Brent rose 4 cents to 96.99 a barrel.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

PM Modi to Launch Mega  Make in India  Campaign TodayCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will unveil his ambitious "Make in India" campaign today, with an aim to turn the country into a global manufacturing hub. The sales pitch for the ambitious plan will likely be made to the world's top 3,000 companies and comes just ahead of PM Modi's US visit, where he will be meeting CEOs of several Fortune 500 companies.
Here are 10 things to know about the "Make in India" campaign,
1) Top CEOs from India Inc, international industry leaders, ambassadors, ministers and government officials are likely to attend the launch. The campaign will target top companies across sectors in identified countries. It will also identify select domestic companies having leadership in innovation and new technology for turning them into global champions. (Read: Mukesh Ambani, Shashi Ruia Among Participants in 'Make in India' Programme )
2) Special arrangements have been made to publicise the event globally in different world capitals. At the same time, programmes will be held in state capitals and also Indian missions abroad, where officials are expected to engage with investors and consultants just as PM Modi addresses CEOs back home. Indian Missions will translated the PM's speech into Arabic, Chinese, German, Russian, Japanese, Spanish and other languages, said Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin. (Read: PM Modi's 'Make in India' Push to Drive Investments, Create Jobs )
3) Business entities will be extended a red carpet welcome. The "Invest India" unit in the Commerce Ministry will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances.
4) The government is also closely looking into all regulatory processes with a view to making them simple and reducing the burden of compliance on investors.
5) A dedicated cell has been created to answer queries from business entities through a newly created web portal ( www.makeinindia.com ). The back-end support team of the cell would be answering specific queries within 72 hours.
6) The government has identified 25 key sectors in which India has the potential of becoming a world leader. PM Modi will be releasing separate brochures for these sectors along with a general brochure.
7) The brochures covering sectors like automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways among others will provide details of growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector specific FDI and other policies and related agencies.
8) The campaign is aimed to transform the economy from the services-driven growth model to labour-intensive manufacturing-driven growth. This will help in creating jobs for over 10 million people, who join the workforce every year.
9) It aims to attract foreign companies to set up factories in India and invest in the country's infrastructure. The new government has liberalised defense manufacturing and insurance sectors to attract FDI, but analysts say the government needs to do much more to attract foreign capital.
10) The initiative has its origin in the PM Modi's Independence Day speech where he gave a clarion call to "Make in India" and "Zero Defect; Zero Effect" policy.
(With inputs from agencies)
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 09:56 (IST)

Forbes India rich list: Mukesh Ambani tops  Adani moves upSep 25, 2014, 12.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Forbes India rich list: Mukesh Ambani tops, Adani moves up
Mukesh Ambani tops the list for the eighth consecutive year with a net worth of USD 23.6 billion, followed by Dilip Shanghvi of Sun Pharma. However, the biggest gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to No. 11.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forbes India rich list: Mukesh Ambani tops, Adani moves up
Mukesh Ambani tops the list for the eighth consecutive year with a net worth of USD 23.6 billion, followed by Dilip Shanghvi of Sun Pharma. However, the biggest gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to No. 11.
Post your opinion here
 
For the first time, the top 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires, according to the latest Forbes rich list. The combined net worth of India’s 100 wealthiest is USD 346 billion, up more than a third from USD 259 billion in 2013. The complete list is available at www.forbesindia.com and in the latest issues of Forbes Asia and Forbes India.
Naazneen Karmali, India Editor of Forbes Asia, said: “In 2014, India's outlook has moved very quickly from gloom to boom. The new federal government's mandate for change has sparked euphoria in the stock market causing a seismic shift in Indian wealth this year. Hopefully these gains are real and will be sustained as the economy revives and India fulfils its potential.”
India’s stock market has scaled new peaks gaining 28 percent since January this year, though the economy, which grew at 5.7 percent in the last quarter, has yet to catch up.
Mukesh Ambani tops the list for the eighth consecutive year with a net worth of USD 23.6 billion, up USD 2.6 billion from last year. His telecom arm, Reliance Jio Infocomm is preparing to roll out 4G services in the coming year.
Dilip Shanghvi, founder of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries , India’s most valuable drug maker, is the new No. 2, overtaking steel baron Lakshmi Mittal, who slips to fifth place. Sun Pharmaceutical’s shares surged after it acquired rival Ranbaxy Laboratories  from Japan’s Daiichi Sankyo for USD 4 billion in April. The 59-year old Shanghvi saw his fortune rise by USD 4.1 billion to USD 18 billion.
Moving up one notch to No. 3 is Azim Premji, whose net wealth increased to USD 16.4 billion from USD 13.8 billion previously. In July, his tech firm Wipro  set up a USD 100 million venture capital fund to back startups led by his son Rishad.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to No. 11 adding nearly USD 4.5 billion to his wealth which reached USD 7.1 billion on soaring shares of his companies. Adani has been on a buying spree: he bought a port in eastern India from the Tata Group for USD 900 million and agreed to pay USD 1 billion for a power plant in southern India.
As many as 85 of the 89 who returned to the top 100 from last year are wealthier, and several are billionaires for the first time. Among them are Qimat Rai Gupta (No. 48, USD 1.95 billion), chairman of Havells, the world’s fourth-largest lighting company; VG Siddhartha (No. 75, USD 1.27 billion), founder of the Café Coffee Day chain, India’s Starbucks; and brothers Sanjiv (No. 69, USD 1.4 billion) and Harsh Goenka (No. 82, USD 1.18 billion), who runs RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group and RPG Group respectively.
Sourav Majumdar, Editor, Forbes India, added: “With the stock market on a bull run and renewed optimism in the air, this year’s list is an all-billionaires list. The good news is the distribution of wealth among the 100 continues to be broad-based, and is not just concentrated at the top of the heap. The power of Indian enterprise continues to grow stronger, despite the odds.”
There are eight newcomers on this year’s list: Amalgamations Group family (No. 47, USD 2 billion) comprise the families of the four children of the late founder S. Anantharamakrishnan; brothers Dilip & Anand Surana (No. 73, USD 1.3 billion), who run Bangalore pharma outfit Micro Labs; Hasmukh Chudgar (No. 80, USD 1.2 billion), founder of Intas Pharmaceuticals; real estate tycoon Surendra Hiranandani (No. 83, USD 1.17 billion); jeweler T.S. Kalyanaraman (No. 87, USD 1.13 billion); Macleod Pharmaceuticals’ Rajendra Agarwal (No. 90, USD 1.1 billion); Dubai-based Aster DM Healthcare’s Azad Moopen (No. 95, USD 1.05 billion); and stock market veteran Radhakishan Damani (No. 100, USD 1 billion).
The biggest loser this year is Indus Gas founder Ajay Kalsi (No. 85, USD 1.15 billion), who lost USD 1 billion after the government stalled an increase in the nation’s natural gas prices.
The minimum amount required to make the list was USD 1 billion, up from USD 635 million in 2013. With a record minimum net worth this year, 11 from last year fell off, including tycoons Brij Bhushan Singal and Vijay Mallya.
The top 10 richest in India are:
1) Mukesh Ambani; USD23.6 billion
2) Dilip Shanghvi; USD 18 billion
3) Azim Premji; USD 16.4 billion
4) Pallonji Mistry; USD 15.9 billion
5) Lakshmi Mittal; USD 15.8 billion
6) Hinduja brothers; USD 13.3 billion
7) Shiv Nadar; USD 12.5 billion
8) Godrej family; USD 11.6 billion
9) Kumar Birla; USD 9.2 billion
10) Sunil Mittal; USD 7.8 billion
This list was compiled using shareholding and financial information obtained from the families and individuals, stock exchanges, analysts and India’s regulatory agencies. The ranking lists family fortunes, including those shared among extended families such as the Godrej and Bajaj families. Public fortunes were calculated based on stock prices and exchange rates as of September 12. Private companies were valued based on similar companies that are publicly traded.
Disclosure: Network 18, which publishes moneycontrol.com, is now part of the Reliance Group.
Sun Pharma stock price
On November 21, 2014, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries closed at Rs 842.35, down Rs 8.75, or 1.03 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 932.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 552.50.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 35.77 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 23.55.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex pare gains; Nifty tests 8 000 ahead of F&O expirySensex pare gains; Nifty tests 8,000 ahead of F&O expiry
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 09.23AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared its early morning gains and turned choppy in morning trade on Thursday ahead of September F&O expiry.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow band around its crucial psychological level of 8000, supported by gains in realty, IT, pharma and consumer durable stocks .
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,788.77, up 44 points or 0.17 per cent. It touched a high of 26814.20 and a low of 26738.88 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8013, up 11 points or 0.14 per cent. It touched a high of 8019.30 and a low of 7997.75 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.15 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.37 per cent.
Coal India (up 2.1 per cent), TCS (up 1.2 per cent), GAIL India (up 0.97 per cent), Infosys (up 0.85 per cent) and HDFC Bank (up 0.75 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
ONGC (down 1.9 per cent), Hindalco (down 1.02 per cent), Axis Bank (down 0.80 per cent), Tata Power (down 0.6 per cent) and Tata Motors (down 0.58 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HC quashing petition to pave way for land acquisition:CIDCOSep 25, 2014, 09.12 AM IST  | Source: PTI
HC quashing petition to pave way for land acquisition:CIDCO
CIDCO has agreed to allot 22.5 percent of developed plots towards compensation to those whose land has been acquired for the project.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HC quashing petition to pave way for land acquisition:CIDCO
CIDCO has agreed to allot 22.5 percent of developed plots towards compensation to those whose land has been acquired for the project.
Post your opinion here
 
City and Industry Development Corporation (CIDCO) today said the Bombay High Court's quashing of a petition by a few Navi Mumbai airport project affected people against the rehabilitation package, would pave the way for acquisition of 671 hectares of land.
"The petition was quashed today. This paves way for us to complete the acquisition process of remaining land required for the project as well speedy execution," CIDCO said in a statement.
Altogether 1,600 hectares of land would be needed for the airport, out of which 671 hectares is yet to be acquired.
CIDCO has agreed to allot 22.5 per cent of developed plots towards compensation to those, whose land has been acquired for the project.
Earlier, project affected people (PAPs) from these villages had opposed land acquisition and refused to accept the state government's compensation package. However, after several months of hectic negotiations, they accepted the Maharashtra government's offer of 22.5 per cent of developed land, for every hectare of land acquired.
They would also be provided one floor space index (FSI) for 12.5 per cent of developed land and 2.5 FSI for another 10 per cent.
CIDCO said it had told the court that those who had opposed its package, could be offered a package under the Centre's Land Acquisition Act.
It has also extended the deadline for submission of the letter of consent to avail of the state government's package by October 6, to the deputy collector.
RELATED NEWS

Make In India campaign to be unveiled todayMake In India campaign to be unveiled today
Markets open tad higher; Coal India up 2%Sensex down over 100 points dragged by oil shares; RIL dips 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 10:45 AM IST
Markets witnessed selling pressure with oil shares losing the most after the government postponed its decision on gas pricing till Nov 15. Further, selling by foreign funds and expiry of September derivative contracts is also weighing on market sentiment.
At 10:45AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 104 points at 26,641 and the 50-share Nifty was down 31 points at 7,971.
The Indian rupee was trading at 61.01 compared to Wednesday's 60.96 close. Month-end dollar demand from importers is hurting the Indian unit. Foreign fund flows will remain key for direction during the day.
The BSE Power, Metal, Oil and Gas, Bankex are the top sectoral losers on the BSE.
Reliance Industries and ONGC were down 2% each after the government deferred its decision on gas pricing till November 15.
State-owned banks were under pressure on account of quality assets concerns on account of their advances to companies whose coal block allocations have been cancelled. SBI, Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, PNB and Canara Bank were down 3-6% each.
In the metal pack, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite down 1-3% with Jindal Steel slumping 8% as the company would be the most impacted by the SC verdict and concerns over huge penalty it would have to pay.
Meanwhile, TCS, Infosys and ITC were among the Sensex gainers.
Among other shares, Jaiprakash Power Ventures slipped over 11% to Rs 12.10 after the company called off its latest discussions with Anil Ambani-owned Reliance Power to sell off its hydro power portfolio.
Market breadth was weak with 1,685 losers and 627 gainers on the BSE.
______________________________
(Updated at 9:30AM)
Markets opened marginally higher with metal and power shares in action after the Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allocations. Meanwhhile, further upsides are likely to be capped on caution ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts later today. 
At 9:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 9 points at 26,753 and the 50-share Nifty was trading flat at 8,002
 
Foreign portfolio investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 794 crore in the cash market on Wednesday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four coal block allocations, made by successive governments over the past two decades, on the grounds of illegality under the Coal Mining Nationalisation Act. The decision is estimated to impact around Rs 2.85 lakh crore worth of investments linked to the 214 coal blocks and their end-use plants. The four allocations spared in the order are those belonging to Reliance Power's Sasan ultra mega power project, and government-owned NTPC and SAIL.
Apart from cancellation of allotment companies will have to pay a penalty on the production till date, at Rs 295 per tonne.
Coal India was the top Sensex as the company is the beneficiary from the SC verdict on coal block allocations followed by M&M, Cipla, HUL, L&T, BHEL, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Steel among others.
Jindal Steel and Power extended losses and was down 5% after several brokerages downgraded the stock as the SC verdict will negatively impact the company in addition to the huge penalty it would have to pay.
Among the PSU banks, PNB, Canara Bank, Bank of India and Bank of Baroda were down over 2% as the cancellation of 214 coal blocks is a major worry. Of the metals, mining and power companies whose coal blocks have been cancelled, the top 11 (in terms of borrowings) together owe lenders about Rs 2.7 lakh crore.
The broader market was trading flat with BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices up 0.2-0.4% each.
 
Asian markets were trading higher tracking gains on Wall Street and the dollar firmed up against major currencies after better-than-expected economic data in the US.
 
Japanese shares firmed up with exporters shares in action after the yen weakened agains the dollar. The benchmark Nikkei was up 1.2%. Shanghai Composite was up 0.5% while shares in Hong Kong and Singapore were trading flat with negative bias. The Hang Seng and Straits Times were both down 0.1% each.
 
Major US indices ended higher on Wednesday with the S&P 500 rebounding after losses in the previous three sessions led by healthcare and biotechnology shares.
 
New home sales grew at a faster pace in August offsetting concerns that in the housing sector after disappointing existing home sales.
 
The Dow Jones ended up 156 points at 17,211.47 , the S&P 500 gained 16 points at 1,998.42 and Nasdaq rose 47 points at 4,555.

Look MOM  all new @isro is tweeter fromMars!Print
NASA congratulated ISRO for its Mars arrival.
Written by Wali Ahmad | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:53 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 10:01 am
Soon after breaking into the Martian orbit Wednesday morning, Mangalyaan got a surprise note from a thrilled close neighbour.
“Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India’s first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit,” tweeted @MarsCuriosity.
“Howdy @MarsCuriosity? Keep in touch. I’ll be around,” it tweeted back to NASA’s Curiosity Rover, roving the surface of the planet since August 2012.
ISRO’s preferred medium of communication was Twitter, the tool it used to keep its followers engaged, updated and excited as its big moment arrived.  On August 25, ISRO changed its Twitter handle from @ISROofficial to the shorter, easier-to-search-for @ISRO.
Since then, it has been posting updates on the MOM to its followers — over 66,000 as of late Wednesday evening — gradually building up to the moment of the Orbiter’s entry into the orbit of Mars. The tweets have been distinctly sharper and wittier than ISRO’s usual dry, stodgy announcements.
The build-up began on September 22, soon after ISRO announced: “#MarsOrbiter Main Liquid Engine test firing successful!”. ISRO tweeted an alert for watching Doordarshan from 6.45 am on Wednesday, complete with a smiley-wink: “Mars Orbit Insertion Live! Get up early on Wednesday to catch the action ;)”
On Tuesday evening, ISRO tweeted, “India, wake up early tomorrow — History is in the making”, with the hashtag “WakeUp4MarsOrbiter”, and gave the link for the webcast.
And on Wednesday morning: “Good morning India. Are you up? Stay posted for live updates from Mission Control”, followed by a picture of Mission Control and “Fingers crossed – at #MarsOrbiter Mission Control”.
A tense phase followed, when ISRO’s tweets gave out details of what Mangalyaan was doing: “Forward rotation must have begun…”, “Now in the shadow of Mars”, “Burn must have started…Skip a few heartbeats and stand by for confirmation”, “Going behind Mars”, “Burn start confirmed”, “Occultation is now behind us…Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve-wracking 12.5 minutes”.
In between, “The chairman of ISRO has welcomed the PM”.
And then, the cheeky confirmation of success through a first tweet from the Orbiter itself: “What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit?” ISRO activated the handle @MarsOrbiter as soon as the spacecraft entered the Martian orbit — its bio reading, “Orbiting the Red Planet since Sep 24, 2014. Explorer. Loves science, photography and long cruises”. Its second tweet was even cheekier: “I’ll be back after breakfast. Good ol’ sunlight. It’s good for your battery.”
As the tweets flowed, the top three trending topics were #Mangalyaan, #MarsMission and #IndiaAtMars. Congratulations poured in from the President, the Prime Minister, chief ministers Vasundhara Raje, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Raman Singh, Anandiben Patel and Akhilesh Yadav, and Amitabh Bachchan, and Virat Kohli — all acknowledged by ISRO.
Howdy @MarsCuriosity? Keep in touch. I’ll be around.

Spice Dream Uno vs Karbonn Sparkle V: They are one and thesameAndroid One has been able to almost perfect the standard at least for now. Both these phones are good devices and it will be up to your brand preference to select between the two.
New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:29 am
Android One is a based on a standard set by Google and it is no surprise that all the three phones that have come out so far sport identical specs. In fact, except for the Micromac Canvas A1, which we reviewed last week, the other two even look more or less the same. The Canvas A1 has a steel ring around the camera, which is missing in the Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V. But how good are these two phones in comparison to each other? We put them to the test.
Quick Tech Specs: 4.5-inch (854x480p, 218ppi) capacitive touch screen | Mediatek 1.3 GHz quad core processor | 1GB RAM | 134mm height, 68mm width, 9.3mm depth and 140g weight | 2MP front and 5MP rear camera | 4GB internal memory with 32GB expandable slot |  WiFi 802.11 b/g/n, 3G, 1700 mAh  battery | dual micros SIM
Price: Rs 6,399
Design: All three Android One phones look exactly the same from front, making it almost impossible to make out the difference. They have a distinct round grille for the speaker and that makes the first set of Android One phones unique. In the rear, all three have a clear Android One branding. The Karbonn phone has a rectangular panel to house the camera and flash, while the Spice phone has separate rounds for the camera and flash. The rubberised finish on flap makes them easy to grip.
Screen & Audio: At full brightness both screens are again the same. It is good to see screens like these come to lower price points. Both are reasonably good for the outdoors, though you will need to push up the brightness. On the audio front, the Karbonn phone seems to have slightly better quality and clarity. But that is a very subjective call.
Performance: Like with the Micromax, the two phones strike a perfect balance between software and hardware. The results is a very fluid UI that does not stall or stutter whatever you do. All the regular apps will work well. Also, the phones do not heat when you do a lot of browsing or try and push the phone by using a certain app for too long. But remember, this is a phone that costs just Rs 6,399 and you cannot expect it to perform like a flagship phone. There will be tasks this phone will find to be an uphill task.
Memory: Out of the 4GB of internal memory, but phones have just over 2GB left for the user. This is one of the places where manufacturers have tried to cut corners and keep the price manageable. So you will need to buy an SD card along with the phone and let apps and pictures save on it by default to let the phone perform smoothly in the coming months.
Software: Both phones run Android KitKat and the only way to differentiate them would be to put different wallpapers. This is pure Android, devoid of tweaks or bloatware and you will love the experience. I am tempted to say that this is the real USP of Android One, though I am unsure if consumers would really care at this price point.
Camera: There is nothing to give or take between the cameras on the two phones. They are both good clickers, though not great in any sense of the term. Also, the native camera app is the Google Camera and you can start shooting only if you have an SD card installed. The cameras will suffice your urge to click selfies and let you impress friends on Facebook with a good sunset shot once in a while.
Battery: The battery on both phones will last you till the end of the day, let’s say about 12 hours with regular use. You can get a few hours more if you reduce screen brightness.
Verdict: If Google has decided to brand the phones only as Android One and source the phones from different manufacturers, you would not have been able to find a difference between different devices. I have to say that Android One has been able to almost perfect the standard at least for now. Both these phones are good devices and it will be up to your brand preference to select between the two. I would not want to take that risk myself. Now you know why I chose to do a combined review of the phones.

Express 5: Where the dead get the subsidies; a message fromNASAWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:14 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. SUBSIDIES FOR THE DEAD:
Farmers Hatti, Ibrahim and Hurmat, of Dhana village in Haryana’s Mewat district, died several years ago – the first two in 2001; Hurmat in 2006. But according to the Haryana Horticulture Department, they applied for – and received – subsidy under the National Mission on Micro Irrigation in 2011.
In Haryana’s poorest part, subsidies go to the dead & fake , exclusive report by Sandali Tiwari
2. SPECIAL TO EXPRESS:
The United States stunned the world by landing humans on the Moon: and for perhaps half a century, this fact comes up in casual conversations at dinner tables and coffee houses. Though in a different century, a successful Mangalyaan can have a somewhat similar effect about India.
Gives India platform to go to any planet, could make science pretty cool to kids , by Amitabha Ghosh from NASA
3. OWAISI ON MODI:
Every PM who has gone to US has been forced to say this. When Manmohan Singh went he too made a statement about Indian Muslims. My question is, if the prime minister feels the way he does, why are his party men sending out such varying signals by attacking Muslims?
Not sure PM meant what he said about Muslims: Asaduddin Owaisi in conversation with Zeeshan Shaikh
4. OPINION:
What Prime Minister Narendra Modi does with the American business community during his visit to the United States may be more consequential over the longer term than his engagement with the political leadership in Washington.
Modi’s American business , by C Raja Mohan
5. EXPRESS IN INCHEON:
Last week, the Pakistani hockey team played a practice match against a team comprising local players from Incheon. It was a two-quarter affair. But no one knows its outcome. Not even the over-inquisitive Pakistani journalists.

Make in India: Key elements of PM s plan | Live blog | CoverageFDI
(PM Narendra Modi rolls out…)
PM Narendra Modi launched 'Make in India' on September 25, 2014. The ambitious initiative seeks to make India a manufacturing superpower. ET looks at the key elements.
25 Thrust Sectors: Government has identified 25 sectors where India can become world leader. These include automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharma , textiles, ports, aviation, leather Tourism and hospitality, wellness, and railways are others. The documents will provide growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector-specific FDI , other policies & related agencies.
Single Point Interaction For Investors: Invest India will be fi rst reference point to guide foreign investors It will provide help on regulatory and policy issues and assist in obtaining regulatory clearances
www.makeinindia.com: Follow Up Action Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter Global Launch Make in India will be launched at national and state levels and missions abroad will take it forward
Domestic Focus: Government will identify select domestic cos having leadership in innovation & new technology The idea is to turn these into global champions To promote green and advanced manufacturing & help these cos to integrate into global value chain
Regulatory Regime Overhaul: Review of all regulatory processes to make them simple and reduce compliance
Who And Where: The portal will track visitors for their geographical location, interest & real time user behaviour. Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on this information.
Proactive Approach: Investor facilitation cell to assist foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure The cell will also woo top companies across sectors in identified countries.
All Stakeholders On Board: State governments, business chambers, prominent corporates and foreign companies part of the launch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ADB maintains 6.3% growth forecast for India...You are here: Home > Collections > Adb
Indian economy showing turnaround; ADB ups 2015 growth to 6.3%
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 02.48PM IST
Tags:
Asian Development Bank
( ADB said that Southeast…)
NEW DELHI: Revising India's GDP upwards by 0.3 per cent to 6.3 per cent in 2015, Asian Development Bank (ADB) has said the economy shows a new promise of turnaround after the election brought a stable government in May.
"India shows new promise of a turnaround. After winning a decisive parliamentary election victory, the new (Modi-led) government is better positioned than the old to pursue the reform necessary to unlock the economy's growth potential.
"This Update maintains the 5.5 per cent growth forecast for 2014 but upgrades....to 6.3 per cent, the forecast for 2015, when reform can begin to bear fruit," ADB said in its Outlook 2014 Update released today.
The reform to stimulate investment, the timely award of environmental clearances, and measures to control inflation are expected to augment firming export demand from the major industrial economies, to boost economic growth, it said.
The new single-party government in India with the strongest mandate in three decades has outlined wide-ranging reforms, which will gradually overcome the difficult structural problems that have beset the economy and caused two years of slow growth and stagnant investment, it said.
"Public expectation of strong economic policy from the government is seen in record highs on the stock market and robust capital inflows.
"As demand from consumers and businesses continued to grow,...India's buoyant portfolio flows mean that financing the deficit should not be a problem, as capital flows are more resilient under global volatility this year than they were last year," the Update by ADB Chief Economist Shang-Jin Wei said.
Improving prospects in India will buoy the 2015 regional growth outlook somewhat, even as the growth path of China moderates, it added.
"Growth in Asia as a whole in 2014 is now expected to be higher at 5.4 per cent on unexpectedly strong outcomes in Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan, as well as India."
It said a greater momentum is expected in 2015 with South Asian growth now forecast at 6.1 per cent, revised up from 5.8 per cent.
South Asia is performing better than expected. The sub regional growth forecast for 2014 is edged up slightly to 5.4 per cent in 2014.
The improvement reflects strengthening in Bangladesh on export growth and in Pakistan on higher remittances, ADB said.
"India accounts for the bulk of the higher forecast, but with contributions from positive revisions for Bangladesh and Pakistan," ADB said.
It said that India's trade reform have lowered input prices and have allowed firms to significantly expand the range of outputs produced.
However, the report said that India needs to ensure that the current account deficit is financed by a mix of flows that is stable.
"Attracting more foreign direct investment will require tackling structural impediments to ensure a good investment climate," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oct expiry to be stable  close above 8000: Hemant Thukral08:00 am
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla money expects the October expiry to be stable and rangebound today as the volatility in the US markets has come down.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Thukral says foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold index options in trade on Wednesday as they believe the panic in the market is now settling down.
Furthermore, he expects the Nifty to hold at 8000 and has a stop loss of Rs 7950.
The next series, Thukral believes will be positive as the sentiment is strong as the Nifty if it closes today in the green will be the seventh straight positive closing for the market. 
Thukral is betting on defensives and has a buy on  Wipro and Cipla .
Below is the verbatim transcript of Hemant Thukral’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: What is the strategy on the Nifty today, pretty confusing and tough day to trade I would assume?
A: I expect today to be a very range bound sessions and I am expecting actually the volatility to come down today. Three prime reasons, I feel the way US volatility index has come down, I think we will be following the same path and yesterday FIIs after a long time have sold index options which also tells me that according to them the panic is settling down. So you may see that for today’s expiry Nifty may hold 8000 and on the upside I don’t see it crossing 8050-8080 band. So it will remain above 8000 for expiry, that I am quite sure of. I don’t see it going below 8000 and on the higher side around 8050 would be an immediate barrier.
But if you are looking for something on a positional side for next series, I think the way things are panning out it seems that we are still in that positive mindset. The reason is because one we will be for seventh month closing positive from expiry to expiry because I don’t see Nifty expiring below 7950 that was the last expiry that we had seen. So that is still a positive even if we close at 8050.
The second important thing is the way the Nifty rolls have happened, they have happened on a higher cost which still tells that the underlying sentiment remains positive for the market. Third very important, 8000 Put continues to have the highest open interest even in the next series. So I have a feeling we may have a first rally in first five-seven days which can again take Nifty back to 8150-8200 levels. But I will be keeping a very tight stop loss of 7950, any dip below that please exit from long positions.
Sonia: You have some defensive stocks to buy, you have a buy on Wipro?
A: Yes infact last three sessions which I have come here I have given IT only as a buy because that is the way the market is actually suggesting. Wipro is another one which has started to catch up both on the rollovers front as well as the open interest front. It has already shown a 63 percent roll so I think it will be ending higher than its six months average on the roll front and the rollover cost itself is suggesting that some supportive buying is coming. Technically also now stock is very comfortably trading above Rs 585 so I would keep a stop loss of Rs 583-585 and would be looking for a target around Rs 610-620. So IT is one pack which is looking strong but definitely for traders Wipro in one-two days can give good money on the trading portfolio side.
Latha: What is your call on Cipla?
A: Yesterday we saw that Cipla after touching highs of 635-640 had dropped sharply but in last two days I have seen pharma settling down again and the rollovers have started to pickup. Again it is way above its average rollovers, 63 percent. Now Cipla has lot of trading positions being attracted to and importantly where it had given a breakout from Rs 570-580 it started to rebound from those levels yesterday. I think this buying will continue, we will see Cipla retesting that Rs 630-640 band but anybody who is going long today on this recommendation has to keep a stop loss. So I would recommend a stop loss of Rs 580-585 which will act as a very strong support base for Cipla now.
Latha: Any shorting candidates in the power space or banking space?
A: Bank Nifty for me has gone below 15850, the spot level which is a worrisome signal. Only thing is that  HDFC Bank and  ICICI Bank are suggesting some positive rollovers especially HDFC Bank but that you can treat as a defensive within the Bank Nifty.
So HDFC Bank if you are holding I am okay with a stop loss of Rs 840 but all other banks I am really worried and that even goes for something like  State Bank of India also where I feel it has dipped below Rs 2500 now and the next support level comes down to Rs 2420. So I would short at every rise till it doesn’t cross Rs 2540 that will be my stop loss. Even midcap PSU banks have been thrashed completely and now their charts are suggesting more weakness.
Remember if Bank Nifty doesn’t cross 15950 in the starting of the series itself, you may see Bank Nifty underperforming and even testing the next support of 15300. So I definitely see Bank Nifty as a weak candidate going forward, not as a strong participant for Nifty.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex trades flat; healthcare stocks gain1
0
Mumbai: Markets on Thursday slumped for the third straight day with Sensex losing over 276 points to end at 1-month low on losses in metal, power and banking bluechips due to mass cancellation of coal mines and sharp drop in oil & gas shares on government deferring a hike in gas price.
Besides, caution prevailed on the last day of September derivative contracts that also influenced cash market sentiments. Turnover at BSE and NSE exchanges crossed Rs 7.2 lakh crore in late trades.
The BSE Sensex after a better opening at 26,808.66, advanced to 26,814.20, tracking positive global cues on strong US economic data. However, selling pressure emerged in blue-chip stocks led by oil and metal stocks which forced the index to touch intra-day low of 26,349.55.
The Sensex finally settled at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent. This is its weakest closing since August 26.
#sensex #nifty #stocks #shares
The Sensex finally settled at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent. This is its weakest closing since August 26. The 30-share gauge has lost 730 points in 3 days. As many as 23 stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI, Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, ICICI Bank and ONGC. However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers.
Metal stocks such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Hindalco, Bhushan Steel, Usha Martin, Monnet Ispat remained under pressure due to Supreme Court cancelling mines. Jaypee group stocks Jaiprakash Associates, Jaiprakash Power and Jaypee Infratech fell 13-19 per cent after a deal to sell 3 hydro projects failed.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty plunged 90.55 points, or 1.13 per cent, to close at 7,911.85 after shuttling between 8,019.30 and 7,877.35 intra-day.
Oil and gas scrips remained weak as government decided to postpone revision in gas prices till November 15.
In a major blow to corporate sector, the Supreme Court yesterday had quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Meanwhile, FPIs sold shares worth a Rs 793.65 crore yesterday as per the provisional data. IT stocks like Infosys and TCS were, however, upbeat after Accenture said it expects better profits this fiscal.
Sectorwise, the BSE Realty index suffered the most by plunging 3.21 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas (3.08 pc), Metal index (3 pc), Power index (2.8 pc), Banking index (2.69 pc) and Capital Goods (1.91 pc). Small-cap index shed 3.21 per cent and Mid-cap index slumped by 2.4 per cent.
1

JP Power down 13%  called off hydro assets deal with ADAGSep 25, 2014, 10.25 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JP Power down 13%, hydro assets deal with ADAG called off
Reliance Power's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JP Power down 13%, hydro assets deal with ADAG called off
Reliance Power's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors continued to sell shares of  Jaiprakash Power Ventures (JPVL) on Thursday after the company called off talks with Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) for sale of its hydro power assets. The stock fell as much as 13 percent intraday, in addition to 6 percent loss in previous session.
Reliance Power 's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project.
The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call of the talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it. Industry sources, however, said talks collapsed after Central Electricity Authority (CEA) issued show cause notice for alleged violation of techno-economic clearance conditions of the Karcham Wangtoo project, which had an approved capacity of 1,000 MW but actual capacity was built to 1,200 MW.
Jaiprakash group (Japyee) was looking at selling the hydro projects to cut its nearly Rs 12,000 crore debt. JPVL said in a statement, "For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG has been called off."
"The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of the shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country," Jaypee Group Chairman Manoj Gaur said in the statement.
JPVL has a generation base of 1,700 MW hydro power (1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo, 300 MW Baspa II, and 400 MW Vishnu Prayag) and 1,160 MW thermal power, including 500 MW Bina thermal project and 660 MW Nigrie thermal power project.
A Reliance Power spokesperson said, "Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and JPVL have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power's acquisition of JPVL's 3 projects with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 MW." In July, Reliance Power signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of JPVL.
At 09:59 hours IST, JPVL was quoting at Rs 12.10, down Rs 1.55, or 11.36 percent while Reliance Power fell 3 percent to Rs 73.50 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
(With inputs from PTI)

Overnight Reverse Repo Auction under Liquidity Adjustment FacilitySep 25, 2014, 09.50 AM IST  | Source: RBI
Overnight Reverse Repo Auction under Liquidity Adjustment Facility
Overnight Reverse Repo Auction under Liquidity Adjustment Facility
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Overnight Reverse Repo Auction under Liquidity Adjustment Facility
Overnight Reverse Repo Auction under Liquidity Adjustment Facility
Post your opinion here
 
The Reserve Bank will conduct a one day reverse repo variable rate auction for a notified amount of Rs. 5,000 crore today (September 25, 2014, Thursday). The auction will be conducted between 3.00 PM and 3.30 PM as per the revised guidelines on Term Repo Auctions issued on February 13, 2014 . Successful offers will get the allotment at their respective offered rates. Offers at or above the repo rate will be rejected. The reversal of the overnight reverse repo will take place on September 26, 2014 (Friday).
Ajit Prasad

No end to BJP  Sena seat sharing stand off yet as Amit Shah cancels Mumbai visitSep 25, 2014 at 09:43am IST
No end to BJP, Sena seat sharing stand off yet as Amit Shah cancels Mumbai visit
21
0
New Delhi: The impasse between allies Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena over seat sharing for Maharashtra Assembly elections is likely to continue for some more time with the former's chief Amit Shah calling off his Mumbai visit yet again.
Sources said that the decision was taken after talk between Sena and BJP over division of the 288 Assembly seats failed on Wednesday.
Shah was to meet Sena and other partners of the 'Mahayuti' (grand alliance) on Thursday. He had cancelled his Mumbai visit on Wednesday too when the meeting of Mahayuti leaders on Tuesday night bore no results.
In its final offer, Shiv Sena kept 151 seats for itself while offering 130 seats to BJP and just 7 seats to its four smaller allies.
#maharashtra assembly elections #bjp #shiv sena #maharashtra
Talks have been on between the two parties over seat sharing. In its final offer, Shiv Sena kept 151 seats for itself while offering 130 seats to BJP and just 7 seats to its four smaller allies.
The saffron combine has four junior partners Raju Shetti's Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha led by Mahadeo Janker, Vinayak Mete's Shivsangram and Ramdas Athawale's RPI(A).
2

SBI falls despite stock splitSBI falls despite stock split
Mangalyaan camera clicks away  hunt for methane in Mars nextMangalyaan camera clicks away  hunt for methane in Mars next
Coal India gains; Citi upgrades after Supreme Court verdictCoal India gains; Citi upgrades after Supreme Court verdict
IT stocks gain after rival Accenture s resultsIT stocks gain after rival Accenture s results
Supreme Court Cancels all But 4 Coal Block AllocationsSupreme Court Cancels all But 4 Coal Block Allocations
Sensex retreats after positive start; Hindalco  JSPL decline sharplySensex retreats after positive start; Hindalco  JSPL decline sharply
Oil & gas coms fall as govt delays gas price hikeOil & gas coms fall as govt delays gas price hike
Rupee Falls to 61.02 on Month-end Dollar DemandRupee Falls to 61.02 on Month-end Dollar Demand
Narendra Modi to be conferred with honorary doctorate degree by US varsityModi to be conferred with honorary doctorate degree by US varsity
Rahul Wadke
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
In a move that will further enhance the image of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the international community, the Southern University System of Louisiana in United States has decided to confer an honorary doctorate degree for his work in the field of inclusive growth.
The announcement could add a new dimension to the India-US relationship especially in the context of Modi’s imminent visit to the Washington and other US cities.
Today morning, the University board met at 4.00 am (Indian time) at the Baton Rouge campus and finally approved the conferment.
Baton Rogue is the capital of Louisiana State and about 150 km from New Orleans. Governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jindal, who has Indian roots, was born in Baton Rogue.
Professor of Computer Science at the University, Sudhir K Trivedi, who has been spearheading the move for conferring the honorary degree, told Business Line over phone from Baton Rogue that the degree is in recognition of Modi’s contribution towards social transformation, especially for empowering women and minorities in Gujarat,
The efforts were on for the last one year to confirm the degree on Modi and they were fast-tracked once he became the Prime Minister “It is only fitting that the degree is given to leader of the largest democracy in the world,” he said.
Polarising effect
On the polarising effect of Modi, Trivedi said that all statesman and politicians bring people together but also carrying some baggage with them. In spite of extreme views of people on Modi’s, the academic council of the University unanimously agreed to confirm the degree.
In 2002, South African freedom icon, Nelson Mandela was also conferred with the same degree. A public policy school at the University is also named after him.
Inclusive growth
A statement issued by the University said that it was impressed by Modi’s agenda of inclusive growth in Gujarat. It also considered the work done by Modi is the first 100 days as Prime Minister. Modi’s declaration of a ten-year moratorium on caste and communal violence in the country and $20-billion commitment towards ‘Digital India’ initiative were also lauded by the university.
If Modi accepts the invitation of the University, then the honorary doctorate would be awarded on December 11, 2015 by the Dr Nelson Mandela School of Public Policy of the university. He would also be the Commencement Speaker for Fall 2015 session of the university.
He will also be requested to inaugurate the global headquarters of the Centre for ICT Enabled Social Transformation.
On ground, the Southern University System actually consists of two universities and a community college. It also has an agriculture research and extension centre.
The campus is spread over 884 acres in Louisiana. It focuses on working for underserved sections of the society using modern technology and processes. The flagship institution, Southern University and Agriculture & Mechanical College, was set up in 1880 for providing educational opportunities to the people of African descent.
Modi's achievements
Mumbai-based promoter of Abhinav Knowledge Services, Pankaj Phadnis, who is also a Post-doctoral Fellow at the University, has been the pivotal figure in getting the University understand the work of Modi. In August 2013, Phadnis updated the University officials about Modi’s achievements in Gujarat.
Phadnis told Business Line that Trivedi took the initiative of setting up the Centre for ICT Enabled Social Transformation, after attending his presentation at the colloquium on the role of information and communication technology in developing peaceful relations between India and Pakistan.
He added that the Centre for ICT Enabled Social Transformation will start working on October 2, which is the birth anniversary of Mahatama Gandhi. If the Indian Government provides further support and funds then the Centre could be named after Pandit Deedayal Upadhyaya, one of the political guru’s of Modi.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

PSU banks fall second straight day; CNX PSU Index dips 6% in two daysPSU banks fall second straight day; CNX PSU Index dips 6% in two days
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 10:08 AM IST
Shares of public sector undertakings (PSU) banks are under pressure for the second straight day on concerns of asset quality on account of their advances to companies whose coal block allocations have been cancelled by the Supreme Court.
Allahabad Bank, Andhra Bank, Canara Bank, Union Bank of India, Punjab National Bank and Indian Overseas Bank are down more than 4% each, while Syndicate Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Bank of India, IDBI Bank and Bank of Baroda are down 2-4% on National Stock Exchange (NSE). Most of these banks had fallen between 2-5% on Wednesday.
The NSE CNX PSU Bank index, the largest loser among sectoral indices, is down 2.7% compared to 0.18% decline in benchmark CNX Nifty at 1005 hours. CNX PSU Bank index has plunged nearly 6% in past two trading sessions.
On September 24, the Supreme Court cancelled all coal block allocations except for government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV basis. The public sector banks have the high exposure to the power and iron & steel sectors.
According to Business Standard reports, among banks, Punjab National Bank has the highest exposure (2.6% of total advances, including non-fund based) to the mining sector, while Canara Bank's exposure to the energy sector is the highest (12.6%).
According to brokerage firm Anand Rathi Financial Services, the Supreme Court order will hit Andhra Bank the hardest, as the power sector accounts for 13.4% of its total industry loan book, followed by UCO Bank (13.1%) and Corporation Bank (11.9%). Private banks have the least exposure to this sector, with ICICI Bank (2.4%), HDFC Bank (2.4%) and DCB Bank (1.3%) at the bottom of the list, added report.
Banks which have funded the companies (whose allocations stand cancelled) would not have material impact as these companies would still make profits and would be in a position to repay the loans. However, we would await further clarity on financial exposure of the banks towards the respective companies, said analyst at Angel Broking in a client note.
 

AirAsia offers 1.5mn promo seats starting at 690Comments
Malaysian no-frills carrier AirAsia said on Tuesday it has put on sale 1.5 million promotional seats for fares as low as Rs. 690 for one way journey under a limited period offer.
The airline's Indian subsidiary AirAsia India too has rolled out a similar discounted ticket scheme, offering flyers an all inclusive one-way ticket price of Rs. 690 from its hub Bengalore to Chennai, Kochi, Goa and Rs. 2,390 from Bengaluru to Jaipur and Chandigarh.
This offer is also available on AirAsia Berhad and Thai AirAsia flights.
All inclusive fare is available from as low as Rs. 4,999 from Chennai, Kochi, Kolkata, Tiruchirappalli, Bengaluru to Kuala Lumpur and Rs. 4,500 from Chennai to Bangkok, AirAsia said in a release here.
The bookings for these offers have already commenced from yesterday and can be made till October 5, the airline said.
The travel period under the offer, however, will be from January 15, 2015 to June 30, 2015, it said.
AirAsia India currently operates to five destinations - Goa, Kochi, Chennai, Jaipur and Chandigarh, from its hub at Bangalore.

16 names added to UN s al-Qaida sanctions listPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:58 am
A U.N. Security Council committee has added 16 names to its al-Qaida sanctions list, including one with ties to the Islamic State group.
Tuesday’s additions come after the council approved a resolution expanding the list’s scope to include people affiliated with the extremist group that has taken over a huge area of land in Syria and Iraq.
‘Abd al-Rahman Muhammad Mustafa al-Qaduli of Iraq has been listed as a senior Islamic State group official who rejoined the group in 2012 after his release from prison.
He and other individuals and entities added to the sanctions list face financial sanctions, a travel ban and arms embargo. The recent council resolution also urges the sanctions committee to consider listing more names of people who support the Islamic State group.

GM launches new Chevrolet hatchback  sedanNew Delhi, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 10:39 IST
GM launches new Chevrolet hatchback, sedan
PTI
new service
General Motors India on Wednesday launched the new Chevrolet SAIL hatchback and sedan priced between Rs 4.41 lakh and Rs 7.64 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new SAIL hatchback is priced between Rs 4.41 and Rs 6.81 lakh and the SAIL sedan is priced between Rs 5.19 and Rs 7.64 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi), the company said in a statement.
Both the models are available in diesel and petrol options. The diesel option is powered by a 1.3 litre engine, while the petrol has a 1.2 litre engine.
Commenting on the new launch, General Motors India President and Managing Director Arvind Saxena said: “The new SAIL hatchback and sedan reinforce GM’s commitment to provide offerings that offer value for money at the heart of the market.”
Originally introduced in 2012, the SAIL is built on a global passenger car platform from erstwhile Chinese partner SAIC (Shanghai Automotive Industries Corp). It was created especially for India and other fast—growing emerging markets.
The platform has crossed the one million global sales figure in July 2014.
The new SAIL cars are equipped with active and passive safety features such as an engine immobiliser, central door locking, speed-sensitive automatic door locks and remote keyless entry enhance active safety.
In addition, the SAIL is equipped with dual air bags, the anti-lock braking system (ABS) and electronic brake force distribution (EBD).

Only 3% of Indian companies really  ready for growth Companies
(India has fewer 'strategically…)
NEW DELHI: India has fewer 'strategically adrift' companies than observed globally, but only 3 per cent of Indian companies are really 'ready for growth', says a study.
The study titled 'Why Indian companies need to get Fit for Growth and what you can do' by PwC Strategy& noted nearly 80 per cent of surveyed organisations fall short of realising their growth potential because of being strategically adrift, distracted or capability constrained.
As per the study, only 3 per cent of Indian companies are really "ready for growth" and others must look to overcome specific challenges to future-proof themselves.
The global story is not too different, with only 13 per cent of over 200 surveyed organisations reporting high Fit for Growth scores.
A "strategically adrift" organisation for instance should look to re-craft its corporate strategy and align it with core capabilities, a "distracted" organisation must channelise its resources towards core activities, while a "capability constrained" organisation should review its operating model, the report said.
The report further noted that with the Indian economy beginning to bounce back, the time is now right for these organisations to get 'Fit for Growth' by investing in building scale and achieving the next level of growth.
"While organisations would rarely disagree that robust strategies, solid cost management and powerful organisations are critical to performance, few of them are masters in integrating all three elements which together form the foundation for a winning organisation," PwC Strategy& India Managing Director Jai Sinha said.
The Fit for Growth approach captures the essence of what constitutes a winning organisation- strategic clarity, optimal resource allocation and a supportive organisation - and evaluates how well a company fares across all three aspects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Honda firms donate Rs 3 crore for flood relief in Jammu & KashmirYou are here: Home > Collections > Firms
Honda firms donate Rs 3 crore for flood relief in Jammu & Kashmir
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 02.45PM IST
Tags:
Honda
(Cheques amounting to Rs…)
NEW DELHI: Japanese auto major Honda Motor Company's group firms in India today announced a contribution of Rs 3 crore towards relief and recovery efforts in flood-ravaged Jammu & Kashmir.
The contribution is aimed at providing relief and rehabilitation for affected people and reconstruction of areas devastated by the floods and landslides that hit the state this month, the company said in a statement.
Cheques amounting to Rs 3 crore were handed over to the Prime Minister's Office for the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund yesterday, it added.
Commenting on the severity of the devastation, Honda Motor Co Managing Officer Yoshiyuki Matsumoto said: "We express condolences and deepest sympathy to all the affected people who lost their near and dear ones, their homes and their livelihoods in this massive calamity."
Matsumoto, who is also President & CEO, Honda Motor India, further said: "We hope that this contribution will help in restoration of the devastated infrastructure and help rebuild lives of the affected people."
All Honda group companies in India -- Honda Cars India Ltd, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India Pvt Ltd, Honda Siel Power Products Ltd, Honda R&D (India) Pvt Ltd and Honda Motor India Pvt Ltd have contributed towards the reconstruction and recovery of the state, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Starbucks to half size of new stores in towns and suburbsYou are here: Home > Collections
Starbucks to debut in towns and suburbs; to half the size of the new stores
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.48AM IST
Tags:
cafes
(Starbucks' new stores will…)
MUMBAI: Starbucks' new stores in India will be less than half the average size of its existing cafes as the world's largest coffee chain plans to expand into Indian towns and city suburbs while maintaining its profitability.
Tata Starbucks, a 50-50 joint venture between US cafe chain Starbucks Coffee Company and Tata Global Beverages, will open outlets of 1,000-1,200 sq ft compared to its existing cafes that measures over 2,500 sq ft on an average, said an official who requested not to be named.
"Footfalls in smaller towns and suburbs may not be as high as prime locations and we have to maintain profitability too by keeping rentals in check," the person said.
While the company didn't comment on expansion details, a Tata Starbucks spokesperson said it has followed a thoughtful and disciplined approach to grow in the market. "Establishing a successful business takes time, and the parent companies are delighted with how the brand has been received in this market," the spokesperson added.
The first store Starbucks opened in India was its 3,500 sq ft flagship in Mumbai in October 2012, and since then it has opened more than 50 cafes at The first store Starbucks opened in India was its 3,500 sq ft flagship in Mumbai in October 2012, and since then it has opened more than 50 cafes at an average speed of one outlet every two weeks, making India Starbucks' fastest growing market in terms of expansion.
According to sources, Starbucks plans to close this financial year with 90 doors. Ruchi Sally, director at boutique retail consultancy Elargir Solutions, said it makes sense for Starbucks to reduce its store size as it expands to less upmarket locations. "The locations where Starbucks is planning to open cafes won't attract very high income group consumers compared to marquee areas where initial stores were set up," she said. "So an aggressive expansion without impacting bottomline should be through tailoring their store size according to income demographic which they are doing now."
Starbucks has made an impressive start in India, racing ahead of existing coffee retailers in per-store sales in its first financial year ended March 2013. And last month, it proposed to increase its authorised capital by Rs 130 crore that will include issuing shares worth Rs 80 crore to its existing shareholders.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Responsible Marketing: Food giants to stop targeting kids in adsads and promotions
(Top food and beverages firms,…)
NEW DELHI: Top food and beverages firms, including Mondelez and McDonald's, have committed to stop advertising and promotional activities targeted at children below 12 years across platforms as part of a new global pledge to step up responsible marketing .
While these multinationals, including Unilever, Nestle, Mondelez, McDonald's, CocaCola, PepsiCo, Kellogg, Mars and Ferrero, already had a mandate on responsible advertising, it was largely restricted to mass advertising on television and print. Now they have extended restrictions on advertising to children to cover outdoor ads, radio, cinema, direct marketing, mobile and SMS marketing, interactive games, DVDCD-ROM and product placement.
So far, there were no restrictions on below-the-line advertising aimed at children through promotions, tie-ups with cartoon characters or joint promotions at events targeting children.
"We have now conveyed the new guidelines to our ad agencies and legal teams," said the CEO of one of the firms that made the commitment under the International Food & Beverage Alliance (IFBA). The firms have sent a commitment to the World Health Organisation to comply with the new norms by 2016.
Currently some of these firms target children in their advertisements and promotions in India from time to time.
Mondelez's Oreo biscuits and Nestle's Maggi noodles and pasta, for example, show children in their ads and frequently run below-the-line promotions targeted at the children.
While Nestle did not respond to an email query as of press time, a Mondelez India spokesperson claimed the firm's marketing, advertising and media strategy is aligned to guidelines on responsible advertising and marketing to children as per the earlier IFBA pledge signed four years ago.
"We will continue to abide by commitments made by Mondelez International," she said.
Under its new commitment, McDonald's will have to stop targeting children with its Happy Meals toys. While beverage firms Coca-Cola and PepsiCo do not show children below 12 in their mass advertising, going forward, they will now have to desist from promotional tie-ups with, for example, cartoon characters.
Santosh Desai, social commentator and MD and CEO at Futurebrands, said, "Such steps would help the firms safeguard themselves from public scrutiny, which is critical in these times."
Social activist and Centre for Science & Environment director general Sunita Narain, however, said only regulatory steps will stop marketers from targeting children. "All over the world, there are numerous examples which show that voluntary guidelines don't work.Guidelines need to be regulatory and celebrity endorsements should be completely stopped for junk food," said Narain whose pesticide charges hit sales of Coca-Cola and PepsiCo sales in 2003 and 2006.
The firms' new commitments under IFBA include reducing sugar, sodium, and saturated fats content to comply with min imum global criteria, dis playing nutri tional informa tion not only on packs but al so at points of sale, clamping down on all ad vertising and promotions di rected at chil dren not only on television ening so far, but which was happening so far, but also on radio, theatres, social media, licensed characters, mobile, product placement in films, and even celebrities that appeal to children under 12.
Companies using licensed characters and movie tie-ups aimed mainly at children under-12 will do so only for products meeting specific nutrition criteria. The other criteria will include extending workplace wellness programmes towards including smokefree environment, healthy dining choices and nutrition information to staff.
"In 2008, our companies came together around a commitment to take collective global action in key areas on diet, physical activity and health," read a letter to WHO director-general Margaret Chan signed by CEOs of 11 firms including Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, Muhtar Kent of Coca-Cola, Unilever's Paul Polman, Nestle's Paul Bulcke and Don Thompson of McDonald's.
"But we understand that greater efforts must be made and our strategies going forward will include all media, product reformulation and innovation which we will publically declare and detailed consumer information," said the letter a copy of which was reviewed by ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon limits delivery of goods above Rs 5 000 in UPAmazon limits delivery of goods above Rs 5,000 in UP
By Jayanta Deka, TNN | 24 Sep, 2014, 07.52AM IST
In a move that speaks volumes about the trustworthiness of the UP market, Amazon has gone the way of rival Flipkart in putting a low price threshold.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LUCKNOW: If you live in Noida or Ghaziabad, forget ordering your favourite gizmo from Amazon this festive season, because the e-commerce major won't deliver anything worth more than Rs 5,000 to any address with a UP postal code.
In a move that speaks volumes about the trustworthiness of the UP market, Amazon has gone the way of rival Flipkart in putting a low price threshold to UP-based postal codes. When TOI quizzed Amazon on the reason for this decision, the spokesperson declined to comment. However, insiders associated with Amazon's delivery chain said the decision was taken due to buyer-end malpractices the company has faced. TOI confirmed that delivery has been disabled for all UP postal codes on the e-commerce site for orders over Rs 5,000.
"We've had many instances of items ordered from fake addresses. It affects everyone in the supply chain, because a lot of money and time is invested in catering to such orders. Just-for-fun orders are hurting e-commerce," said a courier operator which handles orders from various e-commerce portals, including Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal .
Insiders at Flipkart, which delivers around 1,000 orders a day in Lucknow itself, said Amazon's decision appears similar to Flipkart's own rule regarding UP postal codes. The company had recently started delivering select products "with cash on delivery (COD) option" to these postal codes, but revised its policy soon after to restrict delivery of consignments of value above Rs 10,000. A Flipkart spokesperson called this a business decision and said they keep reviewing the threshold limit from time to time. "Here we're facing this problem for quite some time. COD orders are often abused. The situation is changing and the market is maturing, but we do face such situations at least once every week," said a local courier office that caters to customers of various e-commerce portals.
Amazon doesn't have its own delivery network in UP and depends on regular couriers. A local courier said it delivers around 300 orders a day and "90% of them are honoured". It added, "This is their business decision and they will be best able to tell why they are doing this."
Interestingly, e-commerce companies are banking on a bonanza this festive season. For most of them, Navaratra and Diwali are big occasions, and they time promotional offers for this period. For instance, Amazon on Sunday announced a 30-day online "shopping dhamaka" for its customers. Flipkart, too, had lined up many discount offers, many of which are available across top postal codes in the state. Offers aside, if the big players bypass the most populated state in the country and more so the twin cities of Noida and Ghaziabad in NCR, it is a challenge and void for the country's e-commerce story.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India cancels hundreds of coal licencesIndia Supreme Court confirms cancellation of coal licences
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c96d9e30-43d0-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hyderabad to get Ikea s first store in IndiaIkea signs MoU to open first India store in Hyderabad
PTI     Hyderabad   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 20:04 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Ikea India, a subsidiary of Swedish furniture retailer Ikea AB, on Wednesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Telangana government for establishing its store in the state.
In May 2013, the government cleared the proposal of the Swedish furniture major to invest Rs 10,500 crore for setting up single brand retail stores.
"The decision by Ikea to set up its first store in Hyderabad will place Hyderabad on the international map of Ikea stores. Ikea retail outlets have a standard design and each location entails an investment of US $100 million (or Rs 500-600 crore).
In addition, the backward integration of supplier linkages will have tremendous economic impact to the state," a press release from the Government said.
Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao while assuring the furniture maker all possible support from the government suggested that Ikea should tie up with artisans in Telangana like Nirmal, Silver Filigri, Pembarti and so on, for their furniture as add on things.
Responding to a request made by Juvencio Maeztu , Ikea India CEO, the Chief Minister has agreed to accommodate their store near one of the Metro retail terminals, the release said.
The Telangana government will support Ikea's investment by appointing the Commissioner of Industries as a single contact point to ensure a speedy, transparent process for all applications, permissions and licences, the statement further said.
Founded in 1943, Ikea is one of the world's largest retailers in furniture, household goods and textiles. It was one of the first companies in India to be allowed 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail under the government's liberalised policy.

Blyth to steer $36.4bn Harvard endowmentStephen Blyth to steer $36.4bn Harvard endowment
By Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec7dd61c-4428-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GroupM  Google to launch mega Diwali sales o...Diwali
(Google collaborates…)
MUMBAI: They are now in talks to rope in a top e-commerce company to partner the event and provide logistics support, officials of the two firms said. While GroupM will bring in the brands that will sell their products on the website, Google will help with the technology for the shopping festival that will run for three weeks starting October 1.
"Grand Diwali Mela is taking offline festive experiences online," CVL Srinivas, chief executive officer at GroupM South Asia, said. "It will allow users to window shop, browse merchandise and, in some cases, sample products as well, just like your local mela," he added. Rajan Anandan, country head at Google India, said people can join the festival through their mobile phones. "This will be first of its kind initiative to kick off the festive season in India. Our teams are very excited about this and we are sponsoring the effort that will be accessible across all kinds of devices, including mobile phones," he said.
The festival site will have all kinds of categories including real estate, automobiles, consumer durables, electronics, FMCG products, music and entertainment. A number of FMCG brands will sample their new food and beverage products through the website, officials said.
The real estate segment will provide information on new properties including layout plans and facilitate site visits. Similarly, people interested in cars and bikes can get details of different models and schedule test drives on the site. GroupM and Google are in the process of signing on brands — including those that Group M does not handle — to participate in the event. "Through this initiative we are trying to help brands graduate to the virtual world," GroupM's Srinivas said.
GroupM has already ideated and created an advertising campaign to promote the Grand Diwali Mela across different media platforms including TV, radio, print, internet and social media. Officials said that if the Diwali festival proves a success, than they will host similar events around other major festivals and occasions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sena  BJP may seal the deal todayComments
With just three days left for filing of nominations, the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was struggling to reach a consensus on sharing seats, though chances for a resolution brightened late on Wednesday.
Smaller allies who were unhappy with meagre number of seats offered, later softened and said they would be satisfied with 14. “We are ready to accept 14 seats instead of 18 to keep the alliance intact,” said the RSP’s Mahadev Jankar late on Wednesday.
Following this, the two major allies will work out their seat-sharing. If the Sena retains 150 or 151, the BJP will have to be happy with 123 or 124 seats. The details were still being discussed at the time of going to press.
BJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
In the rival camp, the Congress and the NCP were finding it difficult to work out a pact. This follows the NCP’s demand for sharing the chief ministership for two and a half years each, if the alliance returns to power.
Read: Minor allies want more seats, BJP-Sena talks deadlocked again
After the smaller allies threatened to quit the alliance saying they were getting a raw deal, the Sena-BJP tried to placate them with some additional seats as well as promises of a share in power.
Three of the smaller allies — the Swabhimaan Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), the Shiv Sangram, and the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP) -- accused the Sena-BJP of sacrificing them for their own interests. Things took a serious turn on Wednesday as the allies threatened to quit the Mahayuti (grand alliance) and form a parallel alliance to contest elections. They said the decision of the Sena-BJP to reduce their share considerably from the original 18 was a betrayal. “They conveniently used us [in the Lok Sabha polls] and are now dumping us,” said SSS leader Sadabhau Khot.
The delay in pacifying the smaller allies was also because of one-upmanship between the Sena and the BJP. While the Sena stood on prestige and said it would not contest less than 151 seats, the BJP put pressure for five more seats. Through the day, the BJP encouraged smaller allies to push the Sena for more seats.
There was a series of meetings but consensus could not be worked out. Shiv Sena sources said Uddhav Thackeray told leaders of the smaller alliance parties that he had already parted with 18 seats from the 169 that his party had contested in 2009 and that now it was between them and the BJP. After its meeting with smaller allies, the BJP said talks were going on in a positive note. “We will not let down the allies. The talks are going on well,” said Devendra Phadnavis, state BJP chief.
Meanwhile, the negotiations in the ruling camp came to a standstill with NCP going into a huddle and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan leaving for his home constituency Karad for the day. It is believed that the Congress through informal channels conveyed its offer of 124 seats plus another 4 seats (where the party has not won in the last 3 elections). Sources in the party said that it was waiting for the NCP to get back.
Read: Amit Shah's Mumbai visit cancelled amid seat sharing impasse
The NCP had upped its demand for 144 seats by also staking claim on the CM post for two and a half years if the alliance came to power. The partners may stitch together an agreement by Thursday with the NCP contesting 128 to 130 seats.
Meanwhile, the parties are likely to start releasing lists of candidates on Thursday except for the seats in dispute with their allies. It is also likely that several sitting MLAs will be asked by their parties to file nominations without waiting for the official list. For instance, the NCP’s minister of state Sachin Ahir and spokesperson Nawab Malik are the key leaders who will file their nominations.
Meanwhile, BJP national president Amit Shah will be coming to the city on Thursday for a function at Uttan.

Modis Make in India launch today: All about the ambitious investment campaignPrime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the ‘Make in India’ programme on Thursday, ahead of his maiden visit to the US, rolling out the red carpet to investors through a string of measures including easier norms and rules.
HT takes you through the finer details of Modi’s ambitious campaign:
What is the Make in India initiative?
It is PM Modi’s signature initiative to urge companies — local and foreign — to invest in India.
What does the initiative contain?
It contains a raft of proposals designed to get foreign companies to set up shop and make the country a manufacturing powerhouse.
How was the initiative launched?
The ‘Make in India’ programme was first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month. On Thursday he will launch it during an event at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi at 10am that will be beamed live not just across the country but to gatherings of industrialists across the world.
What are the initiative’s focus sectors?
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
What about easing of foreign investment rules?
As part of the plan, foreign investment caps in construction will be eased to enable greater participation in the NDA government's 100 smart cities project and affordable housing. FDI caps in railways and defence production have already been eased to 100% and 49% respectively.
Why is there a need to focus on manufacturing sector?
The government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to China as costs and risks there rise. The objective is also to ensure solid growth and employment creation. During 2005-12 India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
How does the government plan to ease doing of business in India?
# Global investors have been unsparing in their criticism about complex rules and bureaucratic red tape that delay investment decisions.
# India ranks a lowly 134 out of 189 countries in the World Bank’s ease of doing business index in 2014. It slipped three places from its 2013 rank.
# The government has set up an investor facilitation cell Invest India, which  will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances.
# All central government services are being integrated with an e-Biz single window online portal.
# States have been advised to introduce self-certification.
# The ministry of home affairs have been asked to give all security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
# A dedicated cell has been created to answer queries from business entities through a newly created web portal ([http://www.makeinindia.com). The portal will go live on September 25.
# While an exhaustive set of FAQs on this portal will help investors find instant answers to their general queries, the back-end support team of the cell would answer specific queries within 72 hours.
# A pro-active approach will be deployed to track visitors for their geographical location, interest and real time user behaviour.
# Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on the information collected.
# Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter.
# The investor facilitation cell will provide assistance to foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure.
# The initiative will also target top companies across sectors in identified countries.
# A vast number of defence items have been de-licensed.
# The validity of industrial license has been extended to three years.
# With a view to providing flexibility in working hours and increased intake of apprentices for on the job training, the government has decided to amend a number of labour laws.
# The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December.
# An advisory has been sent to all departments/state governments to simplify and rationalise regulatory environment which includes online filing of all returns in a unified form.
# There would be no inspection without the approval of the head of the department, etc.

Apple pulls iOS 8 update after dropped servi...Apple pulls iOS 8 update after reports of dropped cellular service
By AP | 25 Sep, 2014, 09.32AM IST
Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began distributing to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches on Wednesday after users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, and a video circulated to suggest that the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to bending.
Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began distributing on Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads.
The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock their phones with their fingerprint.
By midday Wednesday, Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to users "as quickly as we can." Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.
Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest phone models — the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It's not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.
Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing on Wednesday with reports that the aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.
It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands — not from normal sitting.
Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent "breakability" test sponsored by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells protection plans to consumers for their electronic devices. That test did not include bending, and SquareTrade plans further tests.
Apple did not comment on the reports of bending.

Metal stocks such as JSPL  Hindalco slip for second day after SC orderMetal stocks such as JSPL, Hindalco slip for second day after Supreme Court order
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 03.57PM IST
Tags:
Crisil
(According to analysts,…)
MUMBAI: Shares of metal majors extended overnight losses, plunging upto 20 per cent after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal block allocations to miners. According to analysts, the verdict will sharply dent the profitability of metal companies.
For these cancelled blocks, the court granted six months to shut down operations. Moreover, players with operational blocks have been asked to pay a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne of coal mined upto 2014-15, which will translate to Rs 100 billion.
"Players who have operational coal blocks will witness a sharp decline in profitability post 2014-15, as they would have to substitute captive coal with imported coal which is about four times more expensive," said Crisil Research report.
"In 2015-16, impacted players in the sponge iron and aluminum sectors are expected to witness a 900-1,000 bps and 300-400 bps decline, respectively, in operating profitability," the report added.
At 3:30 p.m., when the markets closed; JSPL was down 7.83 per cent, Hindalco declined 4.32 per cent, Prakash Industries plunged 17.94 per cent and Usha Martin slipped 19.97 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CIL rallies for 2nd day in a row post SC verdictYou are here: Home > Collections
Coal India rallies for second day in a row post SC verdict; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 09.46AM IST
(After six month time, Coal…)
NEW DELHI: Coal India Ltd rose as much as 3.1 per cent in trade on Thursday and was also the top percentage gainer on the Sensex after the Supreme Court ordered de-allocation of all coal blocks except four.
Coal India will actually benefit from the Supreme Court order. After six month time, Coal India will take over these mines till re-auctions happen, to avoid disruption in production.
At 09:35 a.m.; Coal India pared some of the morning gains but was still trading 1.8 per cent higher at Rs 357.80. It hit a low of Rs 355.60 and a high of Rs 362.35 in trade today.
Citigroup also upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral." It cited de-allocation of captive coal blocks as a positive for company's e-auctions of coal to customers
The government will auction coal blocks within six months to raise output and is likely to ask Coal India to take charge of the 40 operational captive coal mines.
Current operations to continue till Mar 31, 2014. Re-auction process will be initiated in this period, but if the process is not completed by then, Coal India will take over those mines till re-auction is completed.
"If Coal India is really going to take over these mines, then post auction of the mines, things will become clearer. So, for now, it could be slightly positive for Coal India, because they will get some additional volumes if they have to take care of it," said Piyush Jain, Analyst, Morningstart.
Coal blocks, which have acquired land and obtained regulatory clearances, will be auctioned first. However, the government will have to work out ways to compensate the present captive coal block owners for the blocks and modalities to take the land back from the companies, ET reported a senior coal ministry official said.
Coal minister Piyush Goyal was unavailable for comments but sources said he apprised the Cabinet of the impact of the judgement during Wednesday's meeting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Transfers at midnight: 40 big officials moved in jumbo reshuffleIn what is said to be the the biggest bureaucratic reshuffle since Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power, the government on Wednesday issued orders transferring more than 40 senior bureaucrats.
The changes included mostly joint-secretary level positions as well as eight secretary-level appointments.
The secretary-level appointments included Aradhana Johri in the department of disinvestment, Satyanarayan Mohanty in the department of higher education, Surjit Kumar Chaudhary in the department of chemicals, Kapil Dev Tripathi in heavy industries, Kusumjit Sidhu in the department of justice, Rajiv Takru in the National Commission for Minorities, R Vijaykumar in the department Northeast Development and  VK Subhuram in the department of pharmaceuticals.
A handful of officers already serving in the central government were also moved around for a mix of reasons.
“In some cases, the transfers seem to have been made to better to utilise an officer’s skills... but there was some discomfort in a few cases,” an official familiar with the appointment process for the 40-odd bureaucrats said.
The official added that the appointments were in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s assurance not to transfer civil servants because they had the trust of the previous government.
Six officers – who served in the personal staff of UPA ministers and had been waiting for a posting – have been given key assignments at the crucial joint secretary-level.
Three of them – Dilip Kumar, Gopal Krishna Dwivedi and Hitesh Kumar S Makwana – have been appointed to the Home Ministry. In the same league, Uday Singh Kumawat has been appointed to the Department of Revenue while AK Singh will move to the power ministry.
One of the key officers to be shunted out is IS Chahal, the joint secretary incharge of Union Territories at the home ministry. Chahal – who joined the ministry as former home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde’s officer on special duty – has been posted to the women and child development.
Two petroleum ministry officials have also been given new postings.
Interestingly, Rajiv Takru, a Gujarat cadre IAS of 1979 batch and was very powerful during the UPA regime, has again been shunted out from department of North East to insignificant post as secretary, national minority commission.
After taking over as the PM, Modi had shunted out Takru from powerful revenue department to North East. Takru never got along with Modi in Gujarat also and is known for proximity to so e Congress leaders, who had got him posted first as secretary financial services and then moved to revenue in the ministry of finance.
For the first time, more than 40 joint secretaries across the ministries and departments have been appointed by the present government, which came to power in last May.
Ahmedabad Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra, 1986 batch IAS of Gujarat cadre, has been appointed as joint secretary commerce while Hitendrakumar Makwana, a Tamil Nadu cadre Gujarati IAS has been appointed as joint secretary in the ministry of home.

New iPhones run into software  bendingcomplaintsThe iPhone 6, at left, and iPhone 6 plus are shown next to each other during a new product release in Cupertino, Calif. (Source: AP photo)
Associated Press | San Francisco | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:40 am
Apple’s newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, while a widely circulated video showed the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to bending.
Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began distributing Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week’s iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads.
The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock their phones with their fingerprint.
By midday Wednesday, Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to users “as quickly as we can.” Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week’s version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.
Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest phone models — the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It’s not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.
Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing Wednesday with reports that the aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.
It’s not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands — not from normal sitting.
Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent “breakability” test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include bending.
But SquareTrade Chief Marketing Officer Ty Shay said that after reports of bending circulated online, two staffers at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6 Plus phones: One staffer, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function normally.
Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model iPhones had been reported in the past. “It does happen,” said Shay, “but it seems like for the most part it’s cosmetic damage.”
He suggested the bending is not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus, he added, “I continued…

Top 5 tiger attackvideosAn irate White Tiger staring at a student after he fell in its enclosure at the Delhi Zoo on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:36 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 10:42 am
After the New Delhi zoo incident where a White tiger killed a 22-year-old, here are similar videos of gruesome tiger attacks from across the globe:
1. Tiger charges at man riding an elephant
 
2. Tiger charges at man 
 
3. White Tiger attack a caretaker in Singapore Zoo
 
4. Zoo keeper fights off Tiger attack 
 

LIVE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi set to launch Make in India campaign with India IncbigwigsThe Make in India logo - a lion - has been derived from the Ashok Chakra.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:34 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 12:38 pm
Ahead of his visit to US, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launch the ‘Make in India’ campaign. The gathering was addressed by several bigwigs of India Inc, including Tata Sons chairman Cyrus Mistry and Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani.
Here are the highlights:
# Let us fulfill our responsibilities and Make in India a success, says Modi.
# Make in India is our responsibility, says Modi.
# Over 4 crore people have opened bank accounts and deposited over Rs 1500 crore as part of our initiative, says Modi.
# I believe that the Centre and the states must work together to develop India, says Modi.
# I am moving forward with a belief that India can be changed, says Modi.
# My government is committed to development, and has no political agenda, says Modi.
# We have immense scope for hospitality and tourism industries, says Modi.
# We need highways as well as i-ways, says Modi.
# Make a revenue model around our cleanliness drive, we will welcome you, says Modi.
# Our main weapon is 65 per cent population below the age of 35, says Modi.
# The government needs to become a facilitator, says Modi.
# We need to capture job potential areas, says Modi.
# We need to identify clusters with resources, and plan things accordingly, says Modi.
# India is the only country on the globe with all three requirements – democracy, demographic divisions and demand, says Modi.
# My bureaucracy has a positive approach and is running ahead of me, says Modi.
# Make in India is a lion’s step, says Modi.
# When we talk about Make in India, we don’t just mean a competitive market, says Modi.
# We need to give job opportunities to the poor, to enhance their purchasing power, says Modi.
# FDI for people of India is First Develop India, says Modi.
# FDI is a responsibility for the people of this country, and an opportunity for those from outside, says Modi.
# We have doubted our own people in the past, we need to change this, says Modi.
# You might find steps taken by government as small, but there is vision behind them, says Modi.
# The government has certain responsibilities, we need to create faith, says Modi.
# But we have changed the perception, says Modi.
# I never tried to gain political benefits out of what they said, says Modi.
# Whenever I met a businessman in the past 2-3 years, they said they wanted to move out of the country, says Modi.
# Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the gathering.
# Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches makeinindia.com
# The Make in India is derived from Ashok Chakra, it is a lion.
# Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils the Make in India logo.
# We will work together with you on this journey, says Kochhar.
# We need to work on four areas – ease continued…

Sushma Swaraj begins US visit  scheduled to meet 100 ministers from sevennationsPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:26 am
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has begun her 10-day trip to the US with back-to-back meetings here with her counterparts from seven nations, including the UK and the Maldives.
Swaraj met the leaders at the United Nations headquarters Wednesday.
She met UK Secretary of State Philip Hammond, Sudanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Ali Ahmed Karti, Maldives Foreign Affairs Minister Dunya Maumoon, Norwegian Foreign Affairs Minister Borge Brende, Kyrgyz Foreign Affairs Minister Abdyldaev Erlan Bekeshovich, Greece Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos and Nigerian Foreign Affairs Minister Aminu Wali.
Swaraj, however, did not speak to the media after the meetings.
The External Affairs Minister is scheduled to meet nearly 100 foreign ministers during her visit to the US and will also join the delegation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who will reach New York on September 26.
Ahead of Prime Minister Modi’s arrival, Swaraj will participate in the meetings with the Foreign Ministers of the G4, IBSA, BRICS, Commonwealth and SAARC.
Her bilateral meetings will be with Brazilian Foreign Affairs Minister Luis Alberto Figueiredo Machado, Bangladeshi Foreign Affairs Minister Abul Hassan Mahmud Ali and Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi.
In the Commonwealth and SAARC meetings, Swaraj could meet Pakistan’s National Security and Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz.
On September 26, before Modi reaches New York, Swaraj will participate in a bilateral meeting with Egyptian Foreign Affairs Minister Sameh Hassan Shoukry besides participating in a ministerial level meeting of the Committee on Palestine.

Sensex pare gains  Nifty slips below 8000; top ten stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex pare gains, Nifty slips below 8000; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 01.20PM IST
Tags:
Anil Ambani
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared most of its early morning gains and turned negative in trade on Thursday ahead of September F&O expiry. The fall in the index was led by losses in RIL, ONGC, Axis Bank , SBI and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological support level of 8000, weighed down by losses in power, realty, oil & gas and banking stocks.
At 2:21 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,569.53, down 175.16 points. The Nifty was at 7949.70, down 52.70 points.
"In today's session, volatility will tend to remain on the higher side due to rollover and unwinding of derivative positions on expiry day," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"We strongly believe that index would correct further with immediate target at 7850-7900 zone in the Nifty. So, traders are advised to extra caution and prefer defensive counters for fresh positions," he added.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
State Bank of India: Top Indian lender State Bank of India said on Wednesday its board had approved a 10-for-one stock split .
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.9 per cent lower at Rs 2439.
Reliance Power & Jaiprakash Power Ventures: Reliance Power, owned by billionaire Anil Ambani , has abandoned plans to acquire the hydropower business of Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd, terminating what would have been one of the largest deals in the Indian power sector.
At 10:00 a.m.; Reliance Power was trading 3.1 per cent lower at Rs 73.55, while Jaiprakash Power Ventures was trading 10 per cent lower at Rs 12.25.
RIL: Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL),is raising $800 million from Korea Exim (K-Exim) in order to finance purchase of telecom equipment from Korean vendors such as Samsung by Reliance Jio (RJio), the telecom arm of the retail to petroleum giant, indicating that the much awaited rollout of telecom services by India's largest private company is gathering pace.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent lower at Rs 951.
Jet Airways Ltd: Jet Airway has launched a major global expansion from this winter, announcing the addition of over a dozen flights to several destinations in the Gulf and Southeast Asia.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent lower at Rs 214.60.
Oil & gas stocks: Political considerations made their presence felt as the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs deferred its decision on revising gas prices, expected October-end, to November 15.
At 10:00 a.m.; Oil India was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 601.
Sun Pharma & Ranbaxy: Fair trade watchdog CCI's deadline for public comments on the $ 4 billion Sun Pharmaceuticals-Ranbaxy Laboratories deal, which has raised concerns of adverse impact on competition, ends today.
At 10:00 a.m.; Sun Pharma was trading 0.7 per cent lower at Rs 774 and Ranbaxy was trading 1.1 per cent lower at Rs 573.10.
ONGC: In a bid to pressure India to invest in a Persian Gulf gas field, Iran has put ONGC- discovered Farzad-B gas field on a list of fields it plans to auction citing delays by the Indian firm in its development.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent lower at Rs 403.40.
Coal India Ltd: The government will auction coal blocks within six months to raise output and is likely to ask Coal India to take charge of the 40 operational captive coal mines.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 354.35.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI stock split fails to lift sentiment; stock down 1%SBI stock split fails to lift sentiment; stock falls over 3%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 09.57AM IST
Tags:
Company Stock Split
(The bank said it will exchange…)
NEW DELHI: State bank of India plunged as much as 3 per cent in trade on Thursday even though the board of country's largest lender approved a 10-for-1 stock split to make their stock more affordable to smaller shareholders.
At 10:57 a.m.; SBI was trading 2.59 per cent lower at Rs 2423.
The bank said it will exchange 10 shares for each that is held and will also arrange to mirror the reduction in face value of the equity shares in its existing GDRs (global depository receipts).
However, another factor which couple be pressuring the stock is the Supreme Court ordered de-allocation of all coal blocks except four.
The mass cancellation of coal blocks by the Supreme Court has sent banks in a jittery mode as they have extended over Rs. 1 lakh crore loans to power plants that were fed by these mines, PTI reported.
Almost all banks including country's largest lender State Bank of India and private sector ICICI Bank have lent to power plants that were put up based on coal from 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent near $97 | Rupee down 5 paiseYou are here: Home > Collections
Rupee down 5 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(Yesterday, re ended at…)
MUMBAI: Extending its losing streak for the fourth straight day, the rupee weakened by five paise to 61.01 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market on high demand for the American currency from importers.
Forex dealers said though increased demand for the US currency from importers and dollar's gain against other currencies overseas put pressure on the rupee but a higher opening in the domestic equity market capped the losses.
Yesterday, the rupee ended two paise lower at 60.96 against the US currency on the sustained dollar demand from importers and weakness in local equities.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered by 69.51 points, or 0.25 per cent, to 26,814.20 in early trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: Modi s Make in India campaign begins in DelhiUpdated: September 25, 2014 17:33 IST
FDI for Indians is First Develop India, says Modi
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching the 'Make In India' logo with Kalraj Mishra (left), Minister for Micro Small and Medium Enterprises and Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce and Industry in New Delhi. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
The Hindu The logo of 'Make in India' unveiled at the event in Delhi on Thursday.
A screen grab of Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Make in India campaign in New Delhi on Thursday.
With his "Come, make in India" slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.
12.35: PM Narendra Modi concludes his speech.
I urge those of you who've been considering leaving India to stay back, flourish here first, then decide: PM Modi #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.35: Today is a very special day for me. It is the birth anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Uoadhyaya, who has inspired us through our lives: PM
12.35: This country is yours. Develop your business within the country and then step out, don't go out of compulsion: PM
"We want highways. We also want i-ways - information ways for a Digital India" PM @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.33: Govt is committed to growth, there is no political agenda but article of faith; States and Centre should work as a team; development of States is development of India: Narendra Modi
12.30: This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as MNCs: PM
12.28: I want Indian companies to be multi-national ones. But they should make the country stronger: PM Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.24: Want to enhance Public-Private Partnerships in skills development: Narendra Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.23: We have reversed the trend of investors going outside the country: Narendra Modi
12.20: Nobody can question the talent of our people...especially after yesterday: PM
"We don't have to tell the world our address, there'll be a Vasco da Gama in every nook and corner in India"- PM @narendramodi #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.16: Be assured you will not lose your money: PM to industrialists.
@narendramodi : "Don't think of India just as a market. The quicker Indian middle class grows the bigger the market becomes" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.15: I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance: Narendra Modi
12.12: My 3 month experience tells me that the entire team has a very positive outlook and thinking. They are 2 steps ahead of me too: Narendra Modi
Combination of democracy, demographic dividend & growing demand India's USP: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.12: The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address: PM
"FDI means #FirstDevelopedIndia for me." PM Shri @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia launch.
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.09: Industry does not come when there are too many incentive schemes. We have to create a development & growth oriented environment: Narendra Modi
This is the step of a Lion...Make in India: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.06: We have to increase manufacturing and at the same time ensure that the benefits reach the youth of our nation: PM
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.05: My definition of FDI for the people of India is First Develop India: PM
12.04: Rule of law should be there, corporate government responsibility should be the norm: PM.
12.04: People are talking about FDI but I see things differently. FDI is also a responsibility for the people of India: PM
For the world FDI is an opportunity: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.03: Mantra of our Government is that we want to trust each and every India. The atmosphere of trust can change a lot of things: Narendra Modi
12.02: Who is the Government for? It is for every Indian. It is for the poorest of the poor: Narendra Modi
12.01: A decision on self certification...many may feel this is a small step but what can be bigger than trusting 125 crore Indians: Narendra Modi
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.59: A trust was broken that when a policy will be changed, when CBI will come...this is what I heard from all you: Narendra Modi
We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India. Can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.58: Yet, when I heard such views I felt very sad. Why must our own people want to leave India: Narendra Modi
11.57: Whenever I met people for the last few years they would tell me — we want to shift out. I never saw political reasons behind it: PM Modi
11.55: I was hearing the business leaders. My Ministerial colleague also shared insight, we even saw the film: Prime Minister Narendra Modi
11.53: The Prime Minister starts addressing the gathering.
11.52: PM also unveils 'Make in India' brochure. Set of brochure covering 25 sectors covering just what every investor needs to invest in India.
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
11.50: PM Narendra Modi unveils the 'Make in India' logo. Make in India logo is derived from Ashok Chakra: wheel denotes peaceful progress, and the lion stands for strength and tenacity.
The information & facts that potential investors need for each sector have been compiled in brochures. #MakeInIndia pic.twitter.com/8rxGzCd0nF
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.45: Prime Minister will unveil the global 'Make in India' logo shortly.
11.40: My next investment destination is Madhya Pradesh: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar: " #MakeInIndia has given a mantra to eliminate all the ailments our economy has been suffering from"
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.39: Problems of inflation, unemployment can be resolved through domestic manufacturing: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar to @narendramodi "Boldness of your vision and the simplicity with which you have communicated it is inspiring" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.38: Like others, I am also inspired by the boldness of your vision and simplicity of your communication: Y.C. Deveshwar
"Make in India" campaign going global. Outreach now underway in Indonesia. pic.twitter.com/Jxmjfd4wfb
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
11.37: Y.C. Deveshwar, ITC Chairman, is speaking now.
11.36: We believe India is the epicentre of innovation: Phil Shaw.
11.35: With a supportive Government in India, as we do have here, we can do a lot more: Phil Shaw
11.33: Phil Shaw, CEO of Lockheed Martin India is speaking now.
Watch Live:
11.32: Train 5000 youth to give them basic skills o make them employable in industries. All of them are fully employed and more than 30% of them are young girls from semi urban and rural areas: Chanda Kochhar
We believe India is an epicentre of innovation: Mr. Shaw, Lockheed Martin India
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.30: We have been playing a role in manufacturing in India for the last 60 years. In the last one year we are focuses on skill training our youth: Chanda Kochhar
Chanda Kochhar @ICICIBank : "As a nation we need to focus on 4 areas- rules & regulations, infrastructure, policies and skill training."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.25: We will ensure that whatever gets made in India is best globally and that manufacturing processes are sustainable, and at competitive costs. We need to focus on the ease of doing business; the industry would need all infrastructure and we will need to give youth the resources to involve themselves in manufacturing: Chanda Kochhar, ICICI Bank CEO
11.23: Manufacturing has to become the next big wave. India is already a manufacturing hub for Birla group. More than 80% of revenue comes from Indian manufacturing for Birla group: K.M. Birla
Make in India has a very special resonance for our group: Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.21: India is a global IT hub and reservoir of human capital: K.M. Birla
11.20: Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman, Adithya Birla Group is now speaking
Azim Premji @Wipro : "True success of manufacturing lies in the ability to service global markets" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.18: The PM vision as a manufacturing powerhouse calls for educated workforce of thinkers and problem solvers: Azim Premji
11.11: Creating 1,25,000 new jobs in the next 12 to 15 months; With your leadership India can come back to fast growth trajectory; 8 and 10 per cent growth potential for India: Mukesh Ambani to PM
India's top Industrialists (from left) Tata Group Chairman Cyrus Mistry; Maruti Suzuki CEO Kenichi Ayukawa; Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani; Bosch Executive Director Franz Hauber; Wipro Chairman Azim Premji during the launch of "Make In India" at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
11.10: Implementation of GST will make India one market and strengthen overall 'Make in India' programme: Ambani.
11.09: Make in India is typical to your style. Make is for all Indians and the world. Make is for the present and the future. Important for us to succeed in global competitiveness: Mukesh Ambani to PM
Mr. Mukesh Ambani: "When the world looks at India, let nobody have a doubt that we can be competitive on global terms." #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.08: On behalf on Indian industries I commit myself to the Make in India program: Mukesh Ambani
11.07: You gave us a vision of digital India goes hand in hand with make in india framework, Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.06: You have focused Indians towards the present and the future: Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.05: Today is a historic day for Indian industry: Mukesh Ambani. For Make In India movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
Today we commit ourselves to Make India, a call that was given by our beloved PM on Independence Day: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.03: Mukesh Ambani, Chairman, Reliance industries Ltd. speaks.
My warm greetings to everyone on Navratri. Today is undoubtedly a historic day for Indian industry: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
MD Suzuki Motor Corp Kenichi Ayukawa: "India has the potential to become the most powerful car manufacturer of the world" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.55: Kenichi Ayukawa, CEO of Maruti Suzuki speaks. "We have been able to implement Japanese work practices in India."
Cyrus Mistry, @TataCompanies : "We are greatly encouraged that the #MakeinIndia programme is bringing together industry and government."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.51: India has 2 strategic advantages — our human capital and a market which affords scale and growth: Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons
Under leadership of our PM, Make in India is bringing together industry and government: Mr. Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons. http://t.co/Mv6VWi6ubN
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
10.49: Fully committed to de-licensing, deregulating and taking India to high growth trajectory: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.47: Series of measures taken on ease of doing business: Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
10.46: Make in India is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with single minded commitment, about new processes: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.45: Presentation on wooing investors being played in all state capitals. PM's speech will be translated into other foreign languages.
10.40: Union Minister of State for Commerce and Industry and Finance and Corporate Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman begins her address,"We want to make India A global manufacuring destination. We have a liberalised FDI policy. We have created a dedicated team to invest in India to assist and handhold investors from across the globe""
'Make in India' going global.Indian Missions translating into Arabic,Chinese,German, Russian, Japanese,Spanish & more pic.twitter.com/TjEDnOhTtG
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
10.30: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India campaign begins: aims to attract foreign companies in Indian infrastructure. To highlight liberalised defence manufacturing.
10.20: Mukesh Ambani, Cyrus Mistry, Osamu Suzuki, KM Birla, Azim Premji expected to speak at 'Make in India' launch
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the “Make In India” campaign, aimed at reviving the job-creating manufacturing sector — key to taking the economy on a sustainable high growth path.
The drive, the Modi government hopes, will do for investment sentiment what the “Incredible India” campaign has accomplished for tourism. With his “Come, make in India” slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.

Mercedes-Benz reveals Future Truck 2025EYE BROWSE
Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025: First Look
From its body-enclosed LED lights — which change color depending on whether the semi hauler is driving itself or under manual control — to the digital picture frame built into its cab, the Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025 imagines a far kinder, more technologically advanced freight hauler that Mercedes says could show what's possible in production models a decade from now.
Gallery View:Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025: First Look

Diplomacy at work to sort out border issues with China: IndiaBorder issues
(External affairs ministry…)
NEW DELHI: Amid reports of continuing incursions by Chinese soldiers into Ladakh region, India Tuesday said that it is "confident" that its border sentinels will ensure safety and security of Indian territory and added "diplomacy is at work quietly and at various levels" to resolve border issues following the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping.
External affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin, responding to queries about the reported incursions by hundreds of Peoples' Liberation Army cadres in Chumar sector of Ladakh, said at a briefing here that India is "confident border security is in hands who will ensure safety and security" of Indian territory.
To a query on the Chinese president's reported exhortation to the People's Liberation Army (PLA) to be combat ready to win a "regional war", the spokesperson said that since Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Xi met here last week "several follow up issues were taken up" and that "diplomacy is at work quietly" to resolve the issues.
He said that Modi and Xi had discussions on a whole array of issues and both sides "acknowledged that issues need to be addressed expeditiously", and both sides were following up on the talks through diplomacy "expeditiously, quietly and at various levels".
China on Tuesday has rubbished reports suggesting that President Xi's comment was linked to India and termed the Indian media reports "a wild guess".
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said in Beijing: "I believe this may be a wild guess."
"President Xi just concluded a very successful visit to India and was warmly welcomed by the Indian government."
She also maintained that Chinese troops had not violated any agreements between India and China and were on "China's side" of the Line of Actual Control ( LAC ).
Akbaruddin, to another question, denied that the government had cancelled permission for any Chinese media delegation to India. He said the delegation was not part of the official India-China media forum, which would be held in Beijing "at a mutually convenient date".
The Chinese media delegation that was to attend an event organized by a think tank had "run into procedural issues" and the organizer had been requested to slightly delay the event by a week or 10 days till the "procedural issues were completed", he said.
He added that India is appreciative of any media interaction with the Chinese.
FEATURED ARTICLES

An untenable agitationUpdated: September 24, 2014 01:08 IST
An untenable agitation
politics
The ongoing agitation demanding that a government bungalow in Delhi’s Lutyens’ Zone be converted into a memorial for late Prime Minister Charan Singh is an attempt by Rashtriya Lok Dal leader Ajit Singh both to revive his waning political fortunes and keep the piece of prime property under his control. Under orders to vacate the 12 Tughlaq Road building , which he is occupying long after he ceased to be a Union Minister, Mr. Singh is seeking to perpetuate his family’s control over the spacious bungalow. It is true that some buildings that hosted eminent personages in the past have been given to foundations, trusts and institutions floated by political leaders. However, this should not be the norm, as there is a shortage of official accommodation for serving Ministers, judges and senior civil servants. The Supreme Court has in the past authorised the eviction of allottees staying beyond their tenure and framed guidelines to prevent overstaying. In July 2013, the Court suggested that official buildings should not be converted into memorials. The rule was already in force then, as the Union Cabinet had as early as in 2000 banned such conversion. Further, there is already a memorial to Chaudhary Charan Singh, named appropriately Kisan Ghat, to commemorate the champion of farmers’ causes, in Delhi. Mr. Ajit Singh’s demand, therefore, is untenable. He has mobilised both his supporters and the Bharatiya Kisan Union, headed now by Rakesh Tikait, to press his demand to convert the bungalow into a memorial to Charan Singh.
The government has done the right thing by moving to evict him by appropriate methods. Mr. Singh was given due notice and sufficient time to vacate the premises. Power and water supply have been cut off. It is to ward off such legal measures by political means that the former Union Minister’s supporters have taken to the path of agitation. The authorities had to thwart an attempt by the protesters to stop water supply to Delhi by tampering with a regulator. The latest is a ‘mahapanchayat’ called by Mr. Singh at his residence, a move seen by the Delhi authorities as a bid to mobilise a huge crowd of farmers and bring further pressure on the government. The Delhi Police have banned the ‘mahapanchayat’ and detained those who tried to gather there. Mr. Singh must take full responsibility for the situation and any possible disruption of law and order. Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and a few other leaders have waded into the controversy by voicing support for Mr. Singh’s demand in what appears to be a pitch for Jat votes ahead of the Haryana Assembly elections. The entire episode is yet another example of the political class positioning itself against public interest in pursuit of its narrow ends.

How ULIPs are Life Insurance Corporation s greatest challengeHow Unit Linked Insurance Plans are Life Insurance Corporation's greatest challenge
Shilpy Sinha, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bombay stock exchange
(A monopoly often loses customers…)
The Life Insurance Corporation of India is synonymous with insurance policies. More than a decade after the entry of private insurance companies, many policy buyers still say, "Bought LIC" even when they have purchased cover from a private insurer.
Not only has the state-owned giant survived competition - proving many a sceptic wrong - but it has also thrived in the midst of sophisticated rivals who import professionalism through international partnerships.
A monopoly often loses customers to competition due to abuse of power, poor product quality and rubbing the customer the wrong way. It was the same story with LIC. Although its settlement of claims was among the best in the world, its customer service was found wanting. But it quickly gathered itself and over the years, has mobilised its army of agents who are found even in villages which do not have potable water.
But the question now is, will these agents, who have so far been the strength of the institution, now prove to be its Achilles' heel?
Almost six months into the bull market rally in Indian stocks, private peers such as ICICI Prudential Life and HDFC Life have launched their Unit Linked Insurance Plans (Ulips) to capitalise on the rising frenzy for stocks. What about LIC?
"The only uncertain element is Ulips, where we are not present in," says SK Roy, chairman, LIC. "We are very clear that we want to be in the Ulips market. But we aren't sure what's the right time to enter."
Ulips are investment schemes which come with insurance cover. The funds in these schemes are invested in stocks which magnify returns unlike traditional policies where half the premium amount has to be invested in government securities. So demand for them accelerates during an equity boom.
For an industry that has been struggling to turn in a profit, Ulips are a welcome relief. Premium collected by selling Ulips have grown 33% in the June quarter to Rs 1,625 crore, industry data shows. The numbers may be small, but the trickle has the potential to translate into flood if the returns are better and the equity frenzy gets bigger. The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange's Sensex is up by 30% this year, making it the best performer among major emerging markets. It could go as high as 40,000 in two years, leading brokerage CLSA has predicted.
Attractive as they may appear for investors and insurers, Ulips have had a chequered past. Two regulators - the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority's J Hari Narayan, and the Securities & Exchange Board of India's CB Bhave, have even indulged in a public spat as it threatened to bulldose the mutual fund industry.
Private insurers hit a jackpot with Ulips when sales soared during the equity boom, before the 2008 credit crisis struck. For many insurers, it was a passport to profitability, with premium collections under Ulips hitting 90.33% of the total in 2007-08.
  The roaring success of Ulips was not due to investment managers, though. On the contrary, they were poor performers, with as much as 40% of an investor's investment going towards brokers' commissions. When reality dawned after Bhave's move to control it, many investors found that their investments were worth less than two-thirds of what they had put in. Add to that the collapse in stocks, and nearly 80%-90% was wiped out at one stage.
They are back, but in an investorfriendly form, with broker commission capped at 3% of the sum. This could be the true test for LIC, which has been strong in traditional policies. Besides, private insurers have struggled to hold up since 2010, following the death of the Ulip market,due to the lack of distribution - this is where LIC clearly has an edge.
"If you look at the history, LIC has shown the ability to enter the market at will and exit at will," says Girish Kulkarni, MD and CEO, Star Union Daiichi. "LIC's presence in the equity market and their understanding of purchase and sale is exceptional. With their kind of distribution muscle, they can push products faster."
The conflict here is that LIC's agents will earn just about 3% from the sale of Ulips whereas the same amount in a traditional endowment policy could fetch them about 30%. The obvious choice for an LIC agent is to push an investor unfriendly policy in the place of one that may be sought after by the buyer.
"Post the 2010 guidelines, Ulips are the most superior form of long-term savings instruments offered by life insurers because fund management and surrender charges have been capped," said Sandeep Batra, executive director, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. "They are transparent and allow the customer to choose between debt and equity funds along with the option to switch between the funds."
Ulips may appear to be the magic wand that could deliver profitability for private insurers, but the initial euphoria needs to be sustained if it has to deliver. Since the change of rules, the product may be only for long-term investors as it has a lockin of about five years.

State Bank of India likely to hold the subsidiary banks  merger planYou are here: Home > Collections
State Bank of India likely to hold the subsidiary banks' merger plan
Dheeraj Tiwari, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(SBI has estimated Rs32,831 crore as…)
NEW DELHI: State Bank of India , the country's biggest lender, is likely to put on hold the plan to merge some of its subsidiary banks with itself, as it does not see "value" in the move in the current fiscal. The bank may also decide not to merge all of its five associate banks, allowing some of them to continue in their existing structure, a senior official who was aware of the deliberations said.
"The road map for merger is being worked out. At present, the bank does not see value in merging all associate banks," this executive said, adding that SBI may seek necessary approvals and then pursue the merger plan next fiscal.
"In principle approval from the government, RBI, our board and the identified associate bank can be sought, so as to work out the initial modalities," he said.
Earlier this year, the bank had in a statement to the stock exchanges said that when appropriate, it may examine the merger options afresh. "But preparation of a possible road map would take a few months," it had noted.
SBI was widely expected to merge at least one of its five associate banks in this fiscal, but may defer the process taking into account its long-term capital plans under the Basel III norms. "There is no hurry for merger. In the next six months, it will be difficult to amalgamate even a non-listed entity," said an SBI executive, adding that inprinciple approval will help the bank to recapitalise and strengthen the identified associate bank during this duration.
Among the five associate banks, State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur, State Bank of Mysore and State Bank of Travancore are listed entities. SBI was widely expected to merge either State Bank of Patiala or State Bank of Hyderabad.
"We are committed towards merger in the longer run. But, before that, we need to strengthen some of these banks in terms of balance sheet and work out the human resource issues," said the above quoted executive. The five associate banks have about 75,000 employees.
SBI has estimated Rs32,831 crore as total capital requirement under the Basel III capital adequacy framework for all of its subsidiary banks from 2014-15 to 2018-19.
"So, there is this huge fund requirement. A decision has to be taken on which is the best route for such capital infusion," said the executive quoted above. So far, neither SBI nor any of its associate banks have taken up the issue of merger at their respective boards.
SBI first merged its associate State Bank of Saurashtra with itself in 2008. Two years later, it merged State Bank of Indore . The state-run lender is in talks with government to raise around Rs20,000 crore through various instruments over the next two years. The government holds 58.6% in SBI, which is also exploring ESOP option for its employees.
FEATURED ARTICLES

We have achieved the near impossible  says PM ModiMars Orbiter Mission
(Prime Minister Narendra…)
An elated Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday described as "historic" India's "spectacular" success in reaching Mars in the maiden attempt, saying the country has dared to reach out into the unknown and achieved the near impossible.
In his speech announcing the success of Mars Orbiter Mission, Modi said, "Today MOM has met Mangal (Mars). Today Mangal has got MOM. The time this mission was short named as MOM, I was sure that MOM won't disappoint us."
Saluting India's space scientists after its Mars mission created history, PM said the country has achieved the "near impossible" and prevailed though the "odds were stacked against us".
Calling the "spectacular" success of the country's space programme after today's Mars feat as a shining example of what it was capable of as a nation, Modi said it has dared to reach out into the unknown and gone beyond boundaries of human enterprise and imagination.
"The odds were stacked against us. Of the 51 missions attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded. But we have prevailed!," Modi said in his speech announcing the success of Mars Orbiter Mission(MOM) 'Mangalyaan'.
As the orbiter was placed in the orbit of the Red Planet, Modi patted the back of Indian Space Research Organisation Chairman K Radhakrishan after watching the critical final moments with space scientists.
"Travelling a mind-boggling distance of more than 650 million, or 65 crore kilometres, we have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination. We have, accurately navigated our spacecraft, through a route known to very few," he said, showering compliments on ISRO scientists.
PM Narendra Modi congratulates scientists on successful launch of Mars Orbiter Mission . #Mangalyaan pic.twitter.com/SDdhLUIZN3
— Narendra Modi PM (@Narendramodi_PM) September 24, 2014
"I congratulate all ISRO scientists as well as all my fellow Indians on this historic occasion," said the Prime Minister. Modi told the scientists that through their brilliance and hard work, "you have made it a habit of achieving the impossible".
"No one represents this zeal for exploring the unknown more than our space scientists here at ISRO," he said, adding, "These are all accomplishments that will go down as landmarks in history."
India's Mars orbiter, the Prime Minister noted, had been built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot.
He noted that the spacecraft had been put together in a record time with a mere three years of studying its feasibility, which was matter of pride for Indians.
"India is the only country to have succeeded in its very first attempt," Modi stressed, adding that, with today's spectacular success, ISRO joins an elite group of only three other agencies worldwide to have successfully reached the red Mars.
He said the success of India's space programme is a shining symbol of "what we are capable of as a nation".
"Let today's success drive us with even greater vigour and conviction. Let's set ourselves even more challenging goals--this too must become a base for challenging the next frontier," he said.
Watch:'India has successfully reached Mars'
  Modi said Atal Bihari Vajpayee's "vision had inspired us to reach for the moon. The successful Chandrayan mission in turn led to the Mars Orbiter Mission."
The Prime Minister said, "We also have a great legacy and responsibility to live up to. Our ancestors had helped the world understand the mysteries of the heavens.
"Grasp the idea of Shunya or nothingness. Map spatial knowledge; such as the rotation of the Earth, motion of planets and occurrence of eclipses. Modern India must continue playing this leading role of 'Jagad-guru Bharat'," he said.
Modi said, "We have done so, from a distance so large; that it took even a command signal from Earth, more time to reach it, than it takes sunlight to reach us."
Uncertainty, he said, is a part of the journey of every explorer who seeks to push boundaries and the hunger of exploration and the thrill of discovery are not for the faint-hearted.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mars Orbiter Mission: Greetings pour in hailing  historic  moment for IndiaIsro chairman
("Hearty congratulations…)
NEW DELHI: From President Pranab Mukherjee to NASA, all came out with praise for ISRO after it successfully placed its Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft in the Red Planet's orbit on the very first attempt.
"Hearty congratulations & best wishes to ISRO Team on Mangalyaan's success; nation proud of this historic achievement," the President tweeted.
Noting the "landmark occasion" for India, Vice President Hamid Ansari said he joins "the entire country in saluting them (scientists) on their success".
"I am confident that our scientists will continue to scale greater heights and win more laurels for the country in the field of space exploration," Ansari said.
In her message commending the ISRO scientists, Congress President Sonia Gandhi said that the achievement would be a source for inspiration "for generations to come".
"India earns its admirable position in the world as one of the pioneering space exploring nations with Mangalyaan. It is a milestone in the journey that we as a nation envisaged after Independence," said Gandhi.
She added that it was the "courage, passion and imagination" of the team of space scientists and researchers led by ISRO Chairman Dr K Radhakrishnan which had made the mission a success.
NASA, which has just launched its own MAVEN mission to the Red Planet, also congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for the feat.
"#MAVEN team congratulates @ISRO for its #Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet," NASA tweeted.
"Thank you MAVEN team!," ISRO tweeted its acknowledgement of the message from the US space agency.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan lauded ISRO for its efforts and said it was a proud moment for India as it has become the first Asian nation to enter the Mars Orbit.
" Jai Hind . India is first Asian nation to enter Mars orbit, that too in first attempt. What more joy can our scientists @isro give. Respect," Chouhan tweeted.
"Today was key to India's dream of being the first Asian nation to reach Mars orbit. I Wish @isro all the best for next stage of mission," he added.
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal, too, hailed the achievement as one of pride for India.
"Congratulations ISRO. What a proud moment for all Indians!!!!" he tweeted on the micro-blogging website.
Meanwhile, even as he greeted ISRO, Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh took a jibe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, as he wondered whether the Prime Minister believed the mission had been achieved in 100 days.
"Congratulate all who have participated in the success of Mangalyaan Mission.
"Does Modi still believe that it has been achieved in 100 days?" was Singh's post on 'twitter.com'. PTI PR
The Prime Minister earlier complimented the Indian space scientists for making history.
Modi said that the odds were stacked against "us with only 21 of the 51 missions to Mars being successful", but "we have prevailed."
Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, Ghulam Nabi Azad, said that putting the MOM into the Mar orbit was a "national accomplishment of global ramifications".
"It is the outcome of persistent hard work and enduring perseverance of our scientists," Azad said, adding that MOM was an indigenous programme developed and successfully launched by ISRO.
"Our head bows to our talented scientists at ISRO for accomplishing this outstanding feat. We are proud of you," the Congress leader added.
He said that while being an event to be celebrated by the nation, it was also a fitting reply to the politicians who keep claiming that nothing has happened in the country in the last 60 sixty years.
At 7.17 A.M., as its 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) sizzled into life and burnt along with thrusters to slow down for its entry into the Red Planet's orbit, India's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) achieved the historic feat of being the only such endeavour to have met with success on its maiden attempt.
Azad said that MOM is an end-to-end indigenous enterprise, developed and successfully launched by our illustrious scientists at ISRO, thus marking our entry into the select club of countries who have mastered such advance technologies.
The Congress leader further said that India could achieve this unprecedented success in the first attempt which speaks volumes about the unmatched brilliance, remarkable abilities and unflinching commitment of our scientific community.
He said after the recent success of PSLV- C23, MOM is another feather in the cap of ISRO, and the nation is waiting for the launch of GSLV scheduled for November/December ever since its experimental launch in January 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why India should not be worried about Xi s commentsYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Why India should not be worried with Xi Jinping's comment over combat readiness
Sep 24, 2014, 04.26AM IST
(India should not be alarmed…)
By Srikanth Kondapalli
China's president Xi Jinping stated on September 22, speaking at the military (PLA) staff commanders meeting that they should "improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology". Further he called on the armed forces of the country to "update their operations to meet new goals and missions set by the CMC".
Coming as it were immediately after his India visit, this statement had attracted Indian attention given the stand-off in Chumar area of the western sector of the border. It is reported that China had mobilsed between 600-1,000 troops in this area and has been occupying the heights in the region for reinforcing sovereignty claims as well as better position them in military operations.
However, while the context of the meeting coincided with the events in the western sector, Xi's statement on winning regional wars need not alarm the Indian side in escalating to a higher gear. Firstly, statements such as the above are made routinely to the armed forces of the country at increasing pace since the 1991 Gulf War waged by the United States led forces in Iraq.
The PLA, which supplied tanks and other equipment to Saddam Hussein forces since the 1970s, was shocked to see how its equipment was obliterated in the war through a "no-contact" war. The previous war that the PLA waged against the Vietnamese in 1979 was likewise a disaster compelling Deng Xiaoping to openly criticize the PLA as "bloated and lax".
Subsequently, Jiang Zemin, who headed the Central Military Commission from 1989 Tiananmen Square incident until 2002, spearheaded structural reorganization of the armed forces to make them "lean and mean" in order to fight regional wars, mentioned as "local war under modern conditions" and then since recently "local war under informationised conditions".
Jiang's successors Hu Jintao and Xi Jinping continued this process and all the eight white papers on defence released by China since 1998 reiterated the changed military doctrine towards local or regional wars. Secondly, Xi Jinping's assertion soon after becoming the Chairman of the CMC in October 2012 that he will not sacrifice "core interests" (viz., sovereignty claims) for the sake of "developmental interests" (economic development, globalisation, trade, investments, etc) had underlined the PLA missions in East and South China Seas as well as on the unresolved land territorial disputes with India (and Bhutan).
To recall, the PLA commanders since the 1990s also suggested that regional or local wars will be fought on the issue of "unresolved territorial disputes" as well. This had resulted in certain concerns in India on whether the PLA's intention to settle in Chumar area for the long haul will result in a "regional war" between India and China.
Nevertheless, while China has acquired conventional and strategic superiority over the Indian forces with its consistently double digit defence expenditures for the last two decades, India has its own niche areas in Air-Land battle, professionalism of the forces, command and control integration and the ability to fight a war with Revolution in Military Affairs.
The 1987 Samdurong Chu incident - in which China mobilized 250 troopstriggered the Indian Operation Checkerboard. It is estimated by certain Chinese that the kill ratio in this simulation exercise was for every one Indian, there were ten Chinese casualties. This has alarmed the PLA. Thirdly, Xi's statement on regional wars should be seen in the context of multi-targets that the PLA has - on the United States forces, Japan, Vietnam, Philippines, India and counter-terrorism.
This is a tall order for the PLA to cope up with and the only possible explanation for the speech yesterday could at most be waging "psychological war" on the Indian troops positioned in Ladakh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is the order a bid to win over India s strategic advantage in ChunarArmy
(It is now clear that PLA troopers…)
NEW DELHI: The intransigence by the People's Liberation Army (PLA) to stay put in Chumar (Ladakh region) across the Line of Actual Control (LAC), despite assurance of withdrawal by none other President Xi Jinping last week, is being viewed as part of its strategy to win over Indian Army's strategic advantage in the area.
It is now clear that PLA troopers did not withdraw from the Chumar area on Thursday night after talks between Xi and Narendra Modi and reports reaching Delhi to that effect was a false alarm. Since the stand-off began thirteen days back PLA has pressed in more soldiers in the Chumar region -- an alarming number in recent times - where they transgress on a regular basis, sources in the Indian security establishment told ET. This also comes amid Xi -- chief of China's Central Military Commission head - exhorting PLA to remain ready for a regional war.
What has baffled the Ministry of Defence and mandarins in the South Block is PLA's behaviour despite Xi's assurance at Delhi at the highest level on last Thursday. Sources said they are trying to ascertain is this a classic Chinese doublespeak or does this signal any sort of fissures within the Chinese establishment. "Knowing the Chinese system they do not act independent of the other. Moreover Xi wields tremendous power as he is three-in-one -- President, General Secretary of the Party and CMC Chairman. Can PLA act independent of him? We are trying to ascertain the behaviour and raise it at the appropriate level," noted an official, who did not wish to be named.
Defence and security establishment sources did not mince words when they indicated that India has a geographical and therefore strategic advantage in Chumar along the 4,057 LAC. Indian Army has an observation post as well as building bunker in the area, sources said, adding, the observation post enables the Indian troopers to keep a watch deep inside the Chinese territory. PLA wants to thwart this move and therefore trying to build road in the area by transgressing into the Indian Territory with the objective of seizing the strategic advantage that India has, an official explained, speaking under the condition of anonymity.
However, the PLA has received some strong response from the Indian Army with its Chief General Dalbir Singh postponing his three-day visit to Bhutan amid the standoff and pressing 2000 troops to match the strength of over 1000 Chinese troopers in the area. Indo Tibetan Border Police man the area and Indian Army sent more reinforcements on Monday to sources said, adding, it has been decided that Indian forces will not concede to the Chinese and will stay put to put pressure on China to withdraw. In 2013, PLA had put similar pressure on Indian Army to dismantle its infrastructure in Chumar ahead of their Premier's trip to Delhi.
There are around eight battalions of ITBP comprising nearly 8,000 personnel in the region. In addition, the Army has around 15 battalions in the area.
Amid this Chinese Defence Ministry for the first time reacted to the incidents, saying there are differing perceptions of the LAC but the two sides could resolve boundary issues through dialogue. China's Foreign Ministry also echoed similar sentiments. It was decided during Modi-Xi meeting that the two sides will make resolution of boundary dispute as a "strategic objective".
Chumar, located over 300 kilometres Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh , has long been a flash point between the two sides, with the Chinese making several attempts to end India's dominance in the area in the last two to three years. India is strategically at a vantage position in this area and its defence structure is a matter of discomfort for China. It is one of the very few places along the Line of Actual Control where access to the border areas is easier from the Indian side. The PLA has been making repeated bids to claim Chumar as part of Chinese territory but has been thwarted every time by the Indian Army.
Transgressions by the Chinese troopers into the Indian territory have increased ever since Delhi has started building military infrastructure along the LAC over last couple of years in response Beijing's massive defence infrastructure and deployment of troops along the border.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian banks among most expensive in Asian regionIndian banks among the most expensive stocks in the Asian region
ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
capital market
(How is it that the worst industry…)
Indian banks, especially the state-run ones, are among the most riled enterprises in the country for their perceived inefficiency, huge bad loans, and less-than-professional approach to business. Still, Indian banks are among the most expensive stocks in the Asian region, shows a Credit Suisse note.
How is it that the worst industry is getting a valuation that their better-run peers in other nations are not being given by investors?
Probably, it is an indication that things are on the mend for Indian banks, which have piled up doubtful loans of nearly 10% of their total loans. Many have been factoring in bankruptcy valuations for some of the lenders. Now, they are dancing.
But there is a clear distinction — private and staterun — with the former receiving a premium. They will participate in the economic rebound with loans as well as raise fee income with their capital market businesses. They are well capitalised and have lowcost deposit franchises. Indian banks are up 38% YTD in US dollar terms — the third biggest gains in Asia after Indonesian and Thai banks. Chinese banks are up just 6% in the period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ISRO s Mars mission a historic achievement: Pranab MukherjeePresident Pranab Mukherjee congratulates ISRO for Mangalyaan success
By PTI | 24 Sep, 2014, 09.09AM IST
The President said the nation is proud of this historic achievement which has demonstrated, yet again, India's space capabilities.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee today congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for the success of the Mars Orbiter Mission 'Mangalyaan', saying the breakthrough will inspire the country's scientists to make even greater strides.
In a message to Chairman of ISRO K Radhakrishnan, the President said, "I extend my hearty congratulations and best wishes to you and your team on the successful Orbit Insertion Maneuver of the Mars Orbiter Mission 'Mangalyaan' after a journey of nearly nine months.
"The success has made India the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the red planet. ISRO is also the first to enter the Martian Orbit in it's maiden attempt," he said.
The President said the nation is proud of this historic achievement which has demonstrated, yet again, India's space capabilities.
"I am sure that this breakthrough, which marks a significant landmark in our space programme, will inspire our scientists to make even greater strides. Kindly convey my greetings to the members of your team of scientists, engineers, technologists and all others associated with this great mission. The nation is grateful for their hard work and proud of their accomplishment," he said.

Indian consumer goods makers gain as investors shun riskE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rajnath Singh assures all help to flood-hit AssamPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 5:48 pm
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Wednesday assured all possible assistance to the Assam government for rescue and relief of flood-affected people in the state.
During a telephonic talk with Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, the Home Minister conveyed to him that the central government was monitoring the flood situation in the northeastern states and was ready to help all flood-affected states in facing the challenge.
Eleven NDRF teams comprising over 550 personnel have been deployed for relief and rescue operations in the flood-hit areas of Assam.
The teams are carrying boats and other equipment. Each NDRF team has a strength of over 50 personnel.
Following demands of the state authorities, rescue and relief teams of NDRF are deployed at Boko, Goalpara, Guwahati, Sonitpur, North Lakhimpur, Tinsukia and Dhemaji in Assam while two teams have been sent to Tura and West Garo Hills in Meghalaya, which is also facing the onslaught of heavy rains and landslide.
Torrential rains for the last couple of days in northeastern parts of the country have resulted in flooding in several districts of Assam and Meghalaya even as heavy rains in these parts have wreaked havoc triggering flash floods in several districts of the two states, killing 30 people and leaving scores homeless.

BHP offers to list spin-off in London© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6453a998-43e1-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre defers decision on new gas price  againCentre defers decision on new gas price, again
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 24:  
For the second time the Modi-led Government has shied away from taking a decision on the new price of domestically produced natural gas. The decision has been deferred to November 15.
Earlier, the Government had deferred the decision by three months on the grounds that it had just come to power and the subject needed more discussion. This time, the Government did not give any official reason barring the one given by Law and Justice Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, who said: “Life doesn’t revolve around gas price.” .
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs took up the issue on Wednesday but did not take a decision. According to sources, since the price increase will have direct implications on electricity tariffs and the gas used for cooking (piped natural gas) and auto fuel (compressed natural gas), the Government did not want to take any risks with State elections coming up. Besides, there were certain unresolved issues pertaining to the fertiliser and power sectors, and how the KG-D6 pricing will be worked out.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Second day of air strikes against Isis© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/857cd57e-43e4-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French unemployment number fallsFrench jobless number falls for first time in almost a year
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b94bb9e0-43ff-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Italian business grows restless with RenziItalian business grows restless with Matteo Renzi
By Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3434976a-43d5-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ford India rejigs senior managementE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Commonfloor raises $30 million from Tiger GlobalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The pros and cons of taxing the value of land© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c92e084a-4300-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tescos business model is obsoleteBritain mourns the shopkeepers who were its only titans
By Jonathan Guthrie
Success in engineering, unlike selling groceries, gives international gains, says Jonathan Guthrie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6eee811e-4348-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New enterprise chat Flock to compete with Blackberry  MicrosoftNew enterprise chat Flock to compete with Blackberry, Microsoft
Rajesh Kurup
Bhavin Turakhia, CEO and Chairman, Directi. Photo:Special Arrangement.
New Delhi/Mumbai, September 24:  
Enterprise messaging players like Blackberry Messenger and Microsoft’s Lync could find the next big challenge coming from India. Serial entrepreneur Bhavin Turakhia has launched a new chat application called Flock aimed at enterprise users.
The application would be available for free download on Android, iOS (Apple’s operating system), Windows, Mac and Chrome.
“This is not a duplication of existing applications such as Viber, WeChat, WhatsApp or any other applications. Chatting is a crowded space but nobody has really nailed it yet for business,” Turakhia told Business Line.
While Flock can be used free of charge, the biggest advantage is that it does not require any interventions by IT managers.
“This is a light-weight message system that anybody can set up,” said Turakhia, who is the Chief Executive Officer of Directi, the Web products development company he founded in 1998. Flock, the new start-up, is set up as a separate company, with Turakhia’s personal investments.
Flock would be immediately available across the US, the UK, Canada and Australia immediately and other parts of the world in a phased manner.
Directi, which was started with a capital of just Rs 25,000, now has a net worth of $350 million, according to an internal audit. In January this year, Directi has sold some of its brands – such as ResellerClub, LogicBoxes and BigRock – to Endurance International Group.
MESSASING SPACE HOTTING UP
With the entry of Flock, the business chat application space is expected to hot up. BlackBerry, with its enterprise BBM (eBBM), is already betting big on this space. eBBM enables employees to connect with internal colleagues, but for a monthly user fee.
Flock was developed in India and challenges similar applications that are bloated with features or mixes business and personal communications. This application only recognises corporate e-mail IDs (while sending friend requests) is to free to download and install. It also runs on desktops, he added.
While ‘Flock’ is intended to be free, it will bundle other services under Riva, the umbrella holding several applications such as Ringo and Hola (both cheaper voice calling applications) that would bring in revenues.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

US strikes IS oil refineries in Syria | Brit...US strikes IS oil refineries in Syria
By AFP | 25 Sep, 2014, 08.40AM IST
0
Share More
Belgium and the Netherlands committed warplanes to Iraq and Britain said its parliament would vote Friday on following suit.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
UNITED NATIONS: The United States bombed Islamic State-controlled oil refineries in Syria on Wednesday as President Barack Obama recruited more allies to fight the jihadist "network of death."
US, Saudi and Emirati warplanes broadened their bombardment to target the oil installations in eastern Syria that have helped fund the jihadist group's brutal rise from rebel faction to alleged global threat.
The strikes came as Obama urged leaders gathered at the UN General Assembly to join his coalition and convinced the Security Council to back a resolution to stem the flow of foreign fighters that has swelled the IS ranks.
Belgium and the Netherlands committed warplanes to Iraq and Britain said its parliament would vote Friday on following suit.
"The United States of America will work with a broad coalition to dismantle this network of death," Obama told the UN about the Islamic State group, which has grabbed vast areas of Iraq and Syria.
"Today I ask the world to join in this effort." Meanwhile, an IS-linked group in Algeria which had demanded France halt its participation in the strikes posted video footage of the execution of an abducted Frenchman.
"We will use our military might in a campaign of air strikes to roll back ISIL," Obama declared, using the acronym for the former Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, since renamed the Islamic State.
Overnight Tuesday to Wednesday, US air raids targeted IS fighters threatening the Kurdish regional capital in Iraq and damaged eight militant vehicles operating in eastern Syria near the Iraqi border.
Then as night fell again on Wednesday, Arab jets joined the US-led bombardment again as the target list was expanded to include economic assets.
The latest round of air raids focused on 12 targets in eastern Syria, where the IS extremists control small-scale oil refineries.
"These 12 targets were what we call modular oil refineries," Pentagon spokesman Rear Admiral John Kirby told CNN.
"They were struck with precision-guided missiles by coalition aircraft. In fact, there were more coalition aircraft in the skies on these particular missions than US (planes)," he said.
Alongside US aviation and cruise missiles, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Jordan have hit targets in Syria and France in Iraq. Qatar is providing logistical support.
At the United Nations , Obama and French President Francois Hollande led international condemnation of the murder of the French hiker, 55-year-old Herve Gourdel, by the IS-linked Jund al-Khilifa.
Paris opposed the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq but has sent Rafale fighters into action over Iraq -- but not to the parallel campaign in Syria -- and Hollande vowed not to give in to the IS group.
"The fight against terrorism must continue and be stepped up," Hollande said.
IS militants in Syria had already killed two American journalists and a British aid worker, but Gourdel's death was the first at the hands of an allied group outside the core area since the US campaign began in early August.
Obama said the United States stood with France and chaired a UN Security Council meeting which unanimously adopted a binding resolution to turn back the flow of foreign fighters heading to Iraq and Syria.
It requires all countries to adopt laws that would make it a serious crime for their nationals to join jihadist groups such as Islamic State and Al-Nusra Front, or risk economic sanctions or military action.
Jordan's King Abdullah II, whose country is sheltering nearly 1.4 million Syrians, told the UN General Assembly there had to be a collective strategy to defeat militants who threaten global security.
In their capitals, Belgium and the Netherlands said they would each send six F-16 fighter bombers to join the air campaign in Iraq.
Apart from the F-16s, the Netherlands will also deploy 250 military personnel and 130 trainers for the Iraqi military, which was overrun by IS militants in a brutal campaign of beheadings and forced religious conversions.
The Belgian parliament must still approve the move, which follows a formal request from Washington on Tuesday.
On the sidelines of the assembly, Prime Minister David Cameron said the British parliament would hold an extraordinary session on Friday to vote joining the strikes, as requested by Baghdad.
Cameron meanwhile declared Iran could be "part of the solution" in defeating IS jihadists after landmark talks with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani.
"Iran's leaders could help in defeating the threat from ISIL," Cameron said.
"They could help secure a more stable, inclusive Iraq, and a more stable, inclusive Syria. And if they are prepared to do this, then we should welcome their engagement."
Rouhani meanwhile reiterated his scepticism that air strikes alone could successfully defeat "extremely savage and barbaric" jihadists in the region.
"It is not clear for us what they are seeking," he said in an interview with US broadcaster Charlie Rose when quizzed about US motives in the air campaign.
"But what I can tell you unequivocably, no terrorist group can be eradicated and destroyed through aerial bombardments only."

Cos not keen on PM s idea of mixing fruits w...You are here: Home > Collections > Coca-cola
PM Modi says using fruit in colas will help fruit growers; experts feel changing formula impossible
ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 05.15AM IST
Tags:
Coca-Cola
(Soft-drink giants Coca-Cola…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Coca-Cola offers a product called Fruitwater in some markets -a Splenda-sweetened, fruit-flavoured, carbonated, zero calorie drink. But 'Fruitcola'? Say, 95% Coca-Cola or Pepsi plus 5% mango or pineapple juice—how will that taste?
We may never find out, at least not anytime soon. Soft-drink giants Coca-Cola and PepsiCo , used to receiving plenty of advice on products, got one on Wednesday that takes the cake—or, rather, the fruit. Mix your fizzy drink with real fruit juice, the prime minister advised. The industry respectfully responded this may be a fruitless quest.
"We drink Pepsi,Coca-Cola...and I do Not know how many similar beverages are available...The trade runs into billions of rupees. I have asked the companies if they can blend 5% natural fruit juice in the beverages they make," Narendra Modi said, inaugurating India's first integrated food park in an area near Tumkur, Karnataka.
Blending fruit juice with sweet fizzy drinks can prove to be a bigger challenge than successfully completing a low-cost and hi-tech mission to Mars, an event the PM presided over at Indian Space Research Organisation earlier in the day.
Veterans of the Rs 12,000 crore fizzy drink industry in India were unanimous in questioning the feasibility of the fruit juice-spiked cola concept. These executives spoke on the condition they not be identified.
"Changing original formulations of beverages is impossible. It's impractical," said a top beverage industry official.
"Changing formulation doesn't happen just like that", another cola veteran said. Modi had said using natural fruit in cola drinks will help India's fruit growers and save waste.
Globally, the second-largest fruit grower, India's poor cold storage facilities mean thousands of crores worth of produce being wasted every year.
The PM also said government research bodies have been asked to find ways to blend cola drinks with fruit juice. But that assurance of sarkari scientific back up did not seem to convince fizzy drink makers.
Industry executives insist companies are "thinking all the time of healthier products" but they are equally insistent that their formulas for making fizzy drinks can't be altered "fundamentally".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian markets cheered by Wall Street reboundAsian shares erase initial gains as Wall Street cheer fizzles out, kiwi slides
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 25:  
Asian stocks slipped on Thursday, giving back earlier gains as initial cheer from a rebound on Wall Street fizzled out, while the New Zealand dollar hit a one-year low when the central bank governor decried the currency's recent strength.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.3 per cent, edging towards a four-month low hit the previous day on geopolitical jitters.
Tokyo's Nikkei retained earlier momentum and rose 1.1 per cent, heartened as the yen resumed its weakening against the dollar.
US housing data, Fed statement
Wall Street rebounded broadly overnight, buoyed by strong US housing data and dovish statements from a top Federal Reserve official.
The New Zealand dollar hit a one-year low of $0.7995 after Reserve Bank of New Zealand Governor Graeme Wheeler repeated his warning that the exchange rate is unsustainable and at unjustified levels.
"The statement itself was another intervention threat. The Reserve Bank is saying that even down at these levels the kiwi is too high," said Imre Speizer, currency strategist at Westpac.
Kiwi climbs to 3-year high
The kiwi had climbed to a three-year peak of $0.8839 in July, boosted by prospects of further rate hikes by the RBNZ.
The US dollar, rejuvenated after benchmark US Treasury yields rose for the first time in four days and as the euro slumped to fresh lows, edged closer to a six-year high versus the yen.
Dollar, euro
The dollar traded as high as 109.34 yen, and a break above 109.46 would take the greenback to a high not seen since 2008.
The dollar index, a gauge of the greenback's strength against a basket of major currencies, hit a four-year high of 85.163.
The euro slumped to a fresh 14-month trough of 1.2764 , retaining downward momentum after dropping overnight on poor German data and statements by European Central Bank President Mario Draghi indicating that the monetary policy would be kept loose for an extended period.
The Australian dollar fell to $0.8818, its lowest since early February, suffering collateral damage from the kiwi's sharp fall.
Reserve Bank of Australia Governor Glenn Stevens is due to give a brief speech that could potentially offer trading insights, but he is not scheduled to take questions.
For broader cues, the financial markets are eyeing US jobless claims and durable goods numbers due later in the day for potential impact on yields and currencies.
In a week filled with appearances by U.S. central bank officials, investors await Atlanta Fed president Dennis Lochart's speech due at 1730 GMT.
In commodities, Brent crude steadied near $97 a barrel after bouncing from its lowest in 26 months, but abundant supply continued to drag on prices.
Brent was down 17 cents at 96.78 a barrel.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

L&T Infra Fin to raise Rs 150 crL&T Infra Fin to raise Rs 150 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
L&T Infrastructure Finance Company in a communication to stock exchanges said it intends to issue secured, redeemable, non-convertible debentures of face value of Rs 25 lakh each, amounting to Rs 150 crore with an option to retain over subscription of Rs 150 crore on private placement basis.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Media trying to malign my govt: Mamata BanerjeeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaiprakash Power Ventures hits new 52-week lowJaiprakash Power Ventures hits new 52-week low
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 10:09 AM IST
Jaiprakash Power Ventures slipped over 11% to Rs 12.10 after the company called off its latest discussions with Anil Ambani-owned Reliance Power to sell off its hydro power portfolio.
In the opening trades, the stock hit a new 52- week low of Rs 11.95 but recovered quickly.
In July, Reliance Power Ltd had agreed to buy the hydropower assets of JP Ventures Ltd, after a consortium led by Abu Dhabi National Energy Co. PJSC (Taqa), called off the Rs 9,689-crore plan to buy two of Jaiprakash’s hydropower plants.
It is learnt that the regulatory uncertainties around tariff issues of JP Power's Karcham Wangtoo plant have hit the Rs 12,000-crore deal with ADAG. However, JP Power stated that discussion with ADAG had been called off 'for reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainities but due to difference of commercial aspects'.
The stock opened at Rs 13.30 is the high point of the day thus far. A combined volume of over 83 lakh shares have changed hands on BSE and NSE.

Sushma Swaraj begins US visit  meets counter...Sushma Swaraj begins US visit, meets counterparts from 7 nations
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 10.12AM IST
Tags:
Ali Ahmed Karti
(The External Affairs Minister…)
UNITED NATIONS: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has begun her 10-day trip to the US with back-to-back meetings here with her counterparts from seven nations, including the UK and the Maldives.
Swaraj met the leaders at the United Nations headquarters yesterday.
She met UK Secretary of State Philip Hammond, Sudanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Ali Ahmed Karti , Maldives Foreign Affairs Minister Dunya Maumoon, Norwegian Foreign Affairs Minister Borge Brende, Kyrgyz Foreign Affairs Minister Abdyldaev Erlan Bekeshovich, Greece Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos and Nigerian Foreign Affairs Minister Aminu Wali.
Swaraj, however, did not speak to the media after the meetings.
The External Affairs Minister is scheduled to meet nearly 100 foreign ministers during her visit to the US and will also join the delegation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who will reach New York on September 26.
Ahead of Prime Minister Modi's arrival, Swaraj will participate in the meetings with the Foreign Ministers of the G4, IBSA, BRICS, Commonwealth and SAARC.
Her bilateral meetings will be with Brazilian Foreign Affairs Minister Luis Alberto Figueiredo Machado, Bangladeshi Foreign Affairs Minister Abul Hassan Mahmud Ali and Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi.
In the Commonwealth and SAARC meetings, Swaraj could meet Pakistan's National Security and Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz.
On September 26, before Modi reaches New York, Swaraj will participate in a bilateral meeting with Egyptian Foreign Affairs Minister Sameh Hassan Shoukry besides participating in a ministerial level meeting of the Committee on Palestine.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple apologises for iPhone software updateApple apologises for bungling iPhone software update
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2648f80-4419-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Top 5 tiger attack videosAn irate White Tiger staring at a student after he fell in its enclosure at the Delhi Zoo on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:36 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 10:42 am
After the New Delhi zoo incident where a White tiger killed a 22-year-old, here are similar videos of gruesome tiger attacks from across the globe:
1. Tiger charges at man riding an elephant
 
2. Tiger charges at man 
 
3. White Tiger attack a caretaker in Singapore Zoo
 
4. Zoo keeper fights off Tiger attack 
 

Make In India LIVE: India blessed to get a PM like Narendra Modi who dreams and does  says Mukesh AmbaniThe Make in India logo - a lion - has been derived from the Ashok Chakra.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:34 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 12:38 pm
Ahead of his visit to US, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launch the ‘Make in India’ campaign. The gathering was addressed by several bigwigs of India Inc, including Tata Sons chairman Cyrus Mistry and Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani.
Here are the highlights:
# Let us fulfill our responsibilities and Make in India a success, says Modi.
# Make in India is our responsibility, says Modi.
# Over 4 crore people have opened bank accounts and deposited over Rs 1500 crore as part of our initiative, says Modi.
# I believe that the Centre and the states must work together to develop India, says Modi.
# I am moving forward with a belief that India can be changed, says Modi.
# My government is committed to development, and has no political agenda, says Modi.
# We have immense scope for hospitality and tourism industries, says Modi.
# We need highways as well as i-ways, says Modi.
# Make a revenue model around our cleanliness drive, we will welcome you, says Modi.
# Our main weapon is 65 per cent population below the age of 35, says Modi.
# The government needs to become a facilitator, says Modi.
# We need to capture job potential areas, says Modi.
# We need to identify clusters with resources, and plan things accordingly, says Modi.
# India is the only country on the globe with all three requirements – democracy, demographic divisions and demand, says Modi.
# My bureaucracy has a positive approach and is running ahead of me, says Modi.
# Make in India is a lion’s step, says Modi.
# When we talk about Make in India, we don’t just mean a competitive market, says Modi.
# We need to give job opportunities to the poor, to enhance their purchasing power, says Modi.
# FDI for people of India is First Develop India, says Modi.
# FDI is a responsibility for the people of this country, and an opportunity for those from outside, says Modi.
# We have doubted our own people in the past, we need to change this, says Modi.
# You might find steps taken by government as small, but there is vision behind them, says Modi.
# The government has certain responsibilities, we need to create faith, says Modi.
# But we have changed the perception, says Modi.
# I never tried to gain political benefits out of what they said, says Modi.
# Whenever I met a businessman in the past 2-3 years, they said they wanted to move out of the country, says Modi.
# Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the gathering.
# Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches makeinindia.com
# The Make in India is derived from Ashok Chakra, it is a lion.
# Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils the Make in India logo.
# We will work together with you on this journey, says Kochhar.
# We need to work on four areas – ease continued…

Oil & gas stocks down 3% on price hike delayYou are here: Home > Collections
Oil & gas companies fall as government delays gas price hike
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 09.53AM IST
Tags:
Bank of America
(The Cabinet Committee on…)
MUMBAI: Shares of oil and gas companies witnessed selling pressure today after the government deferred an increase in natural gas price for a third time.
RIL was down 3.68 per cent, while ONGC fell by 3.36 per cent on the BSE.
Similarly, Cairn India lost 3.26 per cent. The government deferred an increase in natural gas price for the third time in view of next month's assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said today.
Yesterday, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had deferred a decision on revising natural gas prices by 45 days to November 15.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Minor allies scale down demand  but no Sena-BJP deal yetComments
With just three days left for filing of nominations, the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was struggling to reach a consensus on sharing seats, though chances for a resolution brightened late on Wednesday.
Smaller allies who were unhappy with meagre number of seats offered, later softened and said they would be satisfied with 14. “We are ready to accept 14 seats instead of 18 to keep the alliance intact,” said the RSP’s Mahadev Jankar late on Wednesday.
Following this, the two major allies will work out their seat-sharing. If the Sena retains 150 or 151, the BJP will have to be happy with 123 or 124 seats. The details were still being discussed at the time of going to press.
BJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
In the rival camp, the Congress and the NCP were finding it difficult to work out a pact. This follows the NCP’s demand for sharing the chief ministership for two and a half years each, if the alliance returns to power.
Read: Minor allies want more seats, BJP-Sena talks deadlocked again
After the smaller allies threatened to quit the alliance saying they were getting a raw deal, the Sena-BJP tried to placate them with some additional seats as well as promises of a share in power.
Three of the smaller allies — the Swabhimaan Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), the Shiv Sangram, and the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP) -- accused the Sena-BJP of sacrificing them for their own interests. Things took a serious turn on Wednesday as the allies threatened to quit the Mahayuti (grand alliance) and form a parallel alliance to contest elections. They said the decision of the Sena-BJP to reduce their share considerably from the original 18 was a betrayal. “They conveniently used us [in the Lok Sabha polls] and are now dumping us,” said SSS leader Sadabhau Khot.
The delay in pacifying the smaller allies was also because of one-upmanship between the Sena and the BJP. While the Sena stood on prestige and said it would not contest less than 151 seats, the BJP put pressure for five more seats. Through the day, the BJP encouraged smaller allies to push the Sena for more seats.
There was a series of meetings but consensus could not be worked out. Shiv Sena sources said Uddhav Thackeray told leaders of the smaller alliance parties that he had already parted with 18 seats from the 169 that his party had contested in 2009 and that now it was between them and the BJP. After its meeting with smaller allies, the BJP said talks were going on in a positive note. “We will not let down the allies. The talks are going on well,” said Devendra Phadnavis, state BJP chief.
Meanwhile, the negotiations in the ruling camp came to a standstill with NCP going into a huddle and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan leaving for his home constituency Karad for the day. It is believed that the Congress through informal channels conveyed its offer of 124 seats plus another 4 seats (where the party has not won in the last 3 elections). Sources in the party said that it was waiting for the NCP to get back.
Read: Amit Shah's Mumbai visit cancelled amid seat sharing impasse
The NCP had upped its demand for 144 seats by also staking claim on the CM post for two and a half years if the alliance came to power. The partners may stitch together an agreement by Thursday with the NCP contesting 128 to 130 seats.
Meanwhile, the parties are likely to start releasing lists of candidates on Thursday except for the seats in dispute with their allies. It is also likely that several sitting MLAs will be asked by their parties to file nominations without waiting for the official list. For instance, the NCP’s minister of state Sachin Ahir and spokesperson Nawab Malik are the key leaders who will file their nominations.
Meanwhile, BJP national president Amit Shah will be coming to the city on Thursday for a function at Uttan.

Panasonic eyes stake in Spains FicosaSeptember 25, 2014 6:06 am
Panasonic to bolster auto unit with $275m Ficosa stake
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c3c5e6e-4469-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Make in India Live: It s a historic day for Indian history  says AmbaniSep 25, 2014, 03.16 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Make in India to develop nation as mfg superpower: Modi
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Make in India to develop nation as mfg superpower: Modi
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development.
Post your opinion here
 
PM Modi wraps up his address for Make in India campaign by delivering Navratri wishes to the nation.
12:35 pm: Whether state or central government, we will proactively take up the role of being a facilitator of exports. Investors who are thinking of leaving, should abandon such thoughts. This is not a political agenda, but an article of faith, says PM Modi
“This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as MNCs,” PM says to industrialists.
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development
“There is a new era of economic growth that is in Asia and we have to see how to make it India's, he adds.
12: 25 pm: In Asia only India has democracy, demographic dividend and demand that the world's industry is seeking, he adds.
Nobody can question India's talent after India's successful maiden visit to Mars, says Modi while congratulating ISRO, whose Mangalyaan rocket is now orbiting Mars.
"I do not only talk about good governance, I talk about effective governance," says Modi. We have the 'Look East' policy and at the same time we have 'Link West' too, adds PM.
12:15 pm: "Belief and trust in people is the most important thing a government can give its citizens," Modi adds. He says FDI for Indians is a responsibility while for the rest of the world it is an opportunity.
His definition for FDI is First Develop India
Emphasising on the need for jobs, Modi says India must create opportunities of employment for if the poor get jobs the purchasing power of families will increase and this will increase consumption demand in the country.
He urges corporates to not just view India as a market but rather as an opportunity.
"The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite, I need to give the address," adds PM Modi.
12:02: PM Modi says he does not want to see any company leave India. We have been able to bring about a change in the last few months, adds Modi.
He says he is glad to see Indian industry is convinced of this government's commitment.
Modi further says there were apprehensions about previous government's policies. Make In India campaign will give thrust to manufacturing in India, he adds.
FDI is also a responsibility of the people of India, he says.
11:48 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches 'Make in India' campaign
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today unveiled the 'Make in India' logo as well the brochure which covers India's national manufacturing policy along with 25 sectors that will be covered under the MakeInIndia plan.
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
11:40 am: We believe India is the epicentre of innovation though many innovatpors do not have the way to take their innovations abroad, says Phil Shaw, CEO of Lockheed Martin India.
With a supportive government in India, as we do have here, we can do a lot more, adds Shaw.
Meanwhile, ITC's Yc Deveshwar says India has suffered from jobless growth and consumption in the last 5 years which is not sustainable and is a recipe of disaster. Deveshwar praised Modi for identifying the right strategy to eliminate the ailments that the Indian economy has been suffering from.
He adds the biggest beneficiaries of Make in India will be the youth. Currently 12 million youth come to the market every year, but only 2 million jobs are created.
11:30 am: What is being launched today at the Make in India campaign will be the next growth driver for India and creater of jobs, said ICICI Bank CEO and MD, Chanda Kochhar.
"Manufacturers and bankers would like to ensure that whatever gets made in India is the best product available globally, at competitive cost and is sustainable," said Kochhar.
India's indigenous science and skills is now orbiting Mars in just USD 74 million compared to more than USD 650 million by NASA for a similar mission, she said.
On employment, Kochhar said manufacturing has the potential to add 9 crore jobs in the next ten years.
India Inc needs sector-specific policies, skills development, says Chanda Kochhar
ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar pledges support to PM's #MakeinIndia campaign
She further adds that manufacturing will strengthen the macro-economic stability of the country and India needs to improve ease of doing business and access to infrastructure.
11:20 am: Wipro founder Azim Premji says products made in India are suitable for all climates. Indian products reflect low-cost innovative designs, he adds. Premji further says
competitiveness comes from outthinking others.
"Our manufacturing facilities consist of 13 around the world of which 5 are in India."
Meanwhile, Kumar Mangalam Birla of the Birla Group said it is high time India become a preferred  choice for global companies as a manufacturing hub and not just an IT hub.
"Manufacturing has to become the next big wave for us," he adds.
11: 10 am: Praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his leadership, chairman of Reliance Industries, Mukesh Ambani said Modi's unique leadership quality is that he dreams and does a the same time, working over 14 hours a day and at the same time motivating  over a billion Indians to dream and do.
RIL chief Mukesh Ambani addresses the gathering, says, "Today is a historic day for the Indian industry."
He also adds that it is important that India is open to foreign capital and expertise.
"We commit ourselves to 'Make in India' movement," says RIL chief Mukesh Ambani during the campaign launch.
'Make in India' is an opportunity given to thousands of Indians, he adds Mukesh Ambani
Reliance Industries to create 1.25 lakh jobs in next 12-15 months, says Mukesh Ambani.
11: 05 am: Kenichi Ayukawa of Maruti Suzuki addresses the gathering, says, "We realised the potential of India very early."
11:00 am: Under leadership of PM Modi, 'Make in India' is bringing together industry and government: Cyrus Mistry
Cyrus Mistry of Tata Sons addresses the gathering, says, "India has 2 strategic advantages- our human capital and a market which affords scale and growth."
10: 55 am: Fully committed to make India a global manufacturing hub: Sitharaman
'Make in India' is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with single minded commitment, about new processes: Sitharaman.
10: 45 am: Commerce & Industries Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad share the dais with PM at the launch function
10:35 am: Modi, in his maiden Independence Day speech, had made a pitch to improve India's manufacturing to create jobs to revive growth. A month and half later, the government is launching the initiative both at national and state level.
10:34 am: Top industrialists including Chanda Kochchar, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Azim Premji and Kiran Majumdar Shaw arrive at the launch of 'Make in India' campaign.
10:31 am: The campaign is expected to give a collective thrust to manufacturing in India and will seek greater foreign investment in the country.
10:30 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the much awaited 'Make in India' campaign in New Delhi today.
10: 16 am Mukesh Ambani, Azim Premji at Make In India campaign launch
10:13 am Cyrus Mistry, KM Birla to attend launch of Make In India campaign
10:13 an RC Bhargava, YC Deveshwar attend Make In India campaign launch
RELATED NEWS

Emmsons International appoints CS Amit Shekhar as compliance officerSep 25, 2014, 11.07 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Emmsons International appoints CS Amit Shekhar as compliance officer
Emmsons International Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 24, 2014, has considered / approved the appointment of CS Amit Shekhar as Secretary and Compliance officer of the Company with effect from September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Emmsons International appoints CS Amit Shekhar as compliance officer
Emmsons International Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 24, 2014, has considered / approved the appointment of CS Amit Shekhar as Secretary and Compliance officer of the Company with effect from September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Emmsons International Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 24, 2014, inter alia, has considered / approved the following business:- Acceptance of Resignation of CS Vinay Gujral from the office of Company Secretary and Compliance officer of the Company with effect from the end of Business Hours at September 17, 2014 and appointment of CS Amit Shekhar as Secretary and Compliance officer of the Company with effect from September 18, 2014.Source : BSE

Strides Arcolab: Updates on Agila transactionSep 25, 2014, 10.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Strides Arcolab: Updates on Agila transaction
Strides Arcolab Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has agreed to receive from Mylan Inc., USA, an amount of USD 150 Million as the full and final settlement against the Contingent Holdback of upto USD 250 Million. The Company will provide further updates on or before October 07, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Strides Arcolab: Updates on Agila transaction
Strides Arcolab Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has agreed to receive from Mylan Inc., USA, an amount of USD 150 Million as the full and final settlement against the Contingent Holdback of upto USD 250 Million. The Company will provide further updates on or before October 07, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Strides Arcolab Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has agreed to receive from Mylan Inc., USA, an amount of USD 150 Million as the full and final settlement against the Contingent Holdback of upto USD 250 Million.The Company will provide further updates on or before October 07, 2014.Source : BSE

ICICI Bank withdraws Yogesh Rastogi as nominee director from Rain Commodities boardSep 25, 2014, 10.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Bank withdraws Yogesh Rastogi as nominee director from Rain Commodities board
Rain Commodities Ltd has informed BSE that ICICI Bank Limited vide their letter dated September 24, 2014 has withdrawn their Nominee Director Mr. Yogesh Rastogi from the Board of the Company with effect from September 24, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Bank withdraws Yogesh Rastogi as nominee director from Rain Commodities board
Rain Commodities Ltd has informed BSE that ICICI Bank Limited vide their letter dated September 24, 2014 has withdrawn their Nominee Director Mr. Yogesh Rastogi from the Board of the Company with effect from September 24, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Rain Commodities Ltd has informed BSE that ICICI Bank Limited vide their letter dated September 24, 2014 has withdrawn their Nominee Director Mr. Yogesh Rastogi from the Board of the Company with effect from September 24, 2014.Source : BSE

India needs  clever & sensible  regulations for growth: RBIIndia needs  clever & sensible  regulations for growth: RBI
Sensex down over 100 points dragged by oil shares; RIL dips 2%Sensex down over 100 points dragged by oil shares; RIL dips 2%
Oil & gas stocks fall as govt delays price hikeOil & gas stocks fall as govt delays price hike
Madras HC directs CBDT to extend date for filing I-T return to Nov 30Madras HC directs CBDT to extend date for filing I-T return to Nov 30
World must tackle corruption to end poverty: UK leaderWorld must tackle corruption to end poverty: UK leader
US stocks rally on WednesdayUS stocks rally on Wednesday
Narendra Modi wants Coca Cola  Pepsi with fruit juice in IndiaNarendra Modi wants Coca Cola  Pepsi with fruit juice in India
PM Modi s  Make in India  Pitch Ahead of US Visit; Top CEOs PresentPM Modi s  Make in India  Pitch Ahead of US Visit; Top CEOs Present
Modi s Make in India pitch to extend red carpet for investorsModi s Make in India pitch to extend red carpet for investors
India home to 100 billionaires; Mukesh Ambani richest  Adani biggest gainer  ranks 11 in Forbes listIndia home to 100 billionaires; Mukesh Ambani richest  Adani biggest gainer  ranks 11 in Forbes list
Cars we make in India are lower in cost  says Maruti Suzuki CEOIndia has potential to become world’s biggest car maker: Maruti Suzuki CEO
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 25:  
Stating India has the potential to become the biggest car manufacturer of the world, the country’s top car maker Maruti Suzuki today hoped factors adversely affecting the competitiveness of manufacturing will be removed quickly, in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call to make India a manufacturing hub.
“Costs of production in India increase because of various government policies, procedures, regulations and the way some of the laws are implemented,” Kenichi Ayukawa, Managing Director and CEO, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, said at the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
Stating that India is not the easiest country to do business in, he said, “We are fully confident that, under the Make in India programme of the Prime Minister, factors that adversely affect the competitiveness of manufacturing will now be removed quickly,” he said adding India will then become one of the most competitive manufacturing countries in the world.
Welcoming Modi’s call to ‘Make in India’, he said Maruti Suzuki was among the very first multi-national companies to start a major manufacturing operation in India in 1983.
“Over 30 years ago, Osamu Suzuki, Chairman, Suzuki Motor Corporation, recognised the potential of India, both as a market and as a country where high quality manufacturing was possible,” he said, adding globally, Maruti Suzuki is the most successful venture of Suzuki group.
He said the cars Maruti Suzuki makes in India are lower in costs than similar products made by it in other parts of the world.
This enabled Maruti to start exporting cars in 1986 to several countries, including western Europe. Suzuki Japan made India its manufacturing hub for compact car Zen in 1994 for export to European countries.
Since 1983, Maruti has been making special efforts to develop a vibrant component manufacturing industry in India.
“This, along with the rapidly growing car production and demand, with high local content, and low costs, was largely responsible for all the major car manufacturers of the world establishing production facilities in India,” he said.
The growth of the car industry also attracted investments from a large number of global automotive component manufacturers.
“Our experience with Indian managers, engineers and workforce, despite an exception in 2012, has been excellent. We have been able to effectively implement work practices based on our Japanese experience, but suitably modified for India, that have resulted in continuous growth of productivity, improvements in quality and lower costs,” he said.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex recovers 69 points in early tradeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

57% teenage students prefer shopping online: SurveyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cabinet nod to Narendra Modi s pet project  Swachh BharatE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Make in India campaign: High-octane launch today  Cyrus Mistry  Mukesh Ambani among speakersMake in India campaign: High-octane launch today, Cyrus Mistry, Mukesh Ambani among speakers
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 25 2014, 10:27  IST
Sep 25 2014, 10:27  IST
 

Spectacular Black-And-White Portraits Shed Light On Bangladesh s Third Genderreddit
“I feel like a mermaid. My body tells me that I am a man but my soul tells me that I am a woman. I am like a flower, a flower that is made of paper. I shall always be loved from a distance, never to be touched and no smell to fall in love with.” -Heena
Bangladeshi photographer Shahria Sharmin grew up believing that Hijras -- individuals who were designated male at birth but adopted feminine gender roles later in life -- were "less than human." Their physical appearance, their behavior and their general way of life, she explains, set them apart in her country's conservative society.
But then Sharmin met Heena, the woman who inspired a gorgeous black-and-white photo series , titled Call Me Heena. "She made me see how wrong I was," Sharmin explained in a statement. "She opened her life to me, made me a part of her world and helped me to see beyond the word Hijra. She made me understand her, and others who live in her community, as the mothers, daughters, friends and lovers that they actually are."
The Hijras constitute a community referred to as the Third Gender, a minority group that faces discrimination in many parts of South Asia, including Bangladesh, India and Pakistan. In societies that span Hindu and Muslim traditions, Hijras were once imbued with a sacred reputation as bearers of prosperity and fertility. But today, they "hardly get an opportunity to have a normal life." Private and public organizations often refuse to employ hijras, and though the Bangladeshi government recently granted a third gender status , individuals who often identify as neither transgender nor gay experience obstacles to legal assistance and health care.
Sharmin's project, "Call Me Heena," aims to challenge the persisting social stigmas attached to the Hijras community by releasing images that the artist believes convey a different reality to the world. "I hope my work will help the Hijras to find a breathing space in a claustrophobic society like ours and it will help them to find new friends in their friendless world."
"There are many perspectives to each story, and... photography should illuminate a story, not define it," she adds.
More:

Smaller parties may lose stake in seat-sharing after Sena-BJP truceBJP
(While big political parties…)
MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena and BJP may have officially announced a patch up on Tuesday afternoon, but the contentious issue of seat sharing within the Grand Alliance remained unresolved. For, the stitching together of an almost torn political relationship between the two Saffron parties appears to have come at the cost of smaller parties who are set to lose out on some seats which they were being promised earlier.
Following the afternoon announcement by BJP's Vinod Tawde and Sena's Sanjay Raut regarding a compromise worked out by their parties, the speculation in political circles was that the BJP's desired 11 seats will partially come from the quota of smaller parties as no indication of Sena giving up its own share was made by the party leaders. While both Tawde and Raut kept mum on the specifics of it, voices of the leaders behind the four small parties grew increasingly assertive following rumours of their quota being reduced.
"We expect at least 20 seats to be kept aside for the four of us. I have demanded 14 seats for my party, but BJP is willing to give three and Sena four. But the final details will only be worked out by tomorrow morning, following an all party meeting," explained Mahadev Jankar of the Rashtriya Samaj Party. Raju Shetty of the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna, who was insistent till recently for 12 seats, said he will settle with seven seats. Shiv Sangram leader Vinayak Mete said, "During the negotiations, we believe the BJP and Sena will take our concerns into account," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How one can fix the biggest iOS8 annoyancesHow to fix the biggest iOS 8 annoyances
By Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau | 24 Sep, 2014, 04.11AM IST
Plus, iOS 8 needs at least 5GB of free space on your device to update. Most users will not have that much free space hence will not be able to update.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple announced iOS 8 back in June this year and it's finally available across multiple iOS devices. If you have already installed the update, you know that it brings in a host of new features that have been much in demand. However, there are a fair number of quirks too. ET looks at some of the major put-offs and offers some quick fixes
Not Enough Free Space to Install it?
When Apple announced that iOS 8 would be their biggest update till date, they clearly were not joking around. Depending on your device and the iOS version it's running, download size can go as high as 2GB. Plus, iOS 8 needs at least 5GB of free space on your device to update. Most users will not have that much free space hence will not be able to update.
There are two ways around this. First, you can free up space on your iOS device by moving your data to a computer or to cloud storage. The second way is to use iTunes on a computer to download the update - this way the update is stored on the computer instead of the device, so free space requirements come down.
Access Photos From The Camera Roll
The Photos app has got a facelift in iOS 8. However, the update does not have a section called 'Camera Roll' - the space that usually stored all your camera photos. While the section may have been removed, your photos are still safe on the device. Apple has just introduced a new way of organizing photos -instead of sorting them on the basis of shared photos and photos on the device, they are all clubbed under the Photos section. To access your older photos, just go to Photos and choose to view Photos as collections, years or moments. Scroll through the album and you will find all your photos here sorted with date-location tags.
Predictive Text Input
One of the new add-ons to the default iOS keyboard is predictive text. While Android , BlackBerry and Windows Phone users have had predictive text keyboards for a while now (many swear by them), iOS users might find that predictions are actually slowing them down. Predictive text is enabled by default when you update your iOS device. To switch it off, go to Settings > General > Keyboard - turn off 'Predictive' from here to disable predictions.

Apple losing its cool factor Some consumers seem to think soSome consumers say Apple is losing its cool factor
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 05.16PM IST
0
Share More
More Americans feel that Apple has lost its "coolness" quotient than has the Android brand, according to the poll. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Holly Riggle , a 29-year-old white-collar worker from Ohio, is just the kind of everyday customer Apple Inc would love to have for its new iPhone 6, which launches Friday.
But Riggle is sticking to her Android smartphone, calling Apple less "original" than it was under former chief executive Steve Jobs . She's one of the 16 per cent of respondents in a Reuters/Ipsos poll who said Apple had become somewhat or much less cool in the last two years.
By comparison, some 11 per cent of respondents said that Android had lost some sheen in the same timeframe. In a similar poll a year ago, 14.3 per cent of 1,379 people surveyed thought Apple had lost its cool image between 2011 and 2012.
While still a juggernaut, with analysts expecting sales of around 9 million iPhone 6s in its launch weekend, Apple may be losing some of its shine, according to the poll.
More Americans feel that Apple has lost its "coolness" quotient than has the Android brand, according to the poll, conducted September 8-13.
When questioned on how they perceive five popular technology brands - Apple, Android, Microsoft, Dell Inc and Hewlett-Packard - respondents gave the highest coolness factor rating to the Android brand, which includes devices such as Samsung and others that run on Google's mobile operating software.
About 50 per cent said that in the last one to two years, the Android brand had grown cooler, compared with 48 per cent who voted for Apple.
Although the poll is based on a limited sample, it reflects how Android products, which tend to be less expensive, have caused Apple to shed some of its buzz.
"Especially when you have competitors who are doing a lot of innovative things themselves and great advertising, it's not surprising that Apple doesn't have the same cachet and coolness that it once did," said Kevin Lane Keller , a branding expert and professor at Dartmouth's Tuck School of Business .
The mobile phone wars have become a lot like politics, with battling Democrats and Republicans, said Rob Janoff , the designer of the Apple logo and an independent branding and design expert based in Chicago .
"You can't carry that magic forever," Janoff said, but that does not mean consumers should dismiss mature brands. "I think people have to accept that companies that are out there, they age."
Last year when it launched its previous version of the iPhone, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5Ss and 5Cs in the first three days in stores. But drawing a comparison with the iPhone 6 is tricky as sales are based on availability, and Apple has not shared comparable details.
Also, this time the iPhone is not launching in China on Friday, unlike last time, Shannon Cross , an analyst with Cross Research, explained.
Many customers will need to wait until next month for their new iPhones after Apple logged a record 4 million first-day pre-orders, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago.

A bug delays Apple s health application  HealthKit  availability on iOS 8Bug delays Apple's HealthKit availability on iOS 8
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 03.32AM IST
Apple's new iPhones have sensors to monitor fitness activities, and its upcoming Apple Watch will have a heart-rate monitor.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple Inc said a bug in its HealthKit health and fitness application platform prevented its release along with the launch of its iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads.
HealthKit gathers data such as blood pressure and weight from various health apps on Apple devices, and can be viewed by doctors at one place.
Regulated medical devices, such as glucose monitors with accompanying iPhone apps, can send information to HealthKit.
"We're working quickly to have the bug fixed in a software update and have HealthKit apps available by the end of the month," a company spokesperson said in an email on Wednesday.
Apple has also pulled some healthcare apps from its app store that connect with HealthKit such as MyFitnessPal and Carrot Fit .
"The MyFitnessPal app, which supports integration with Apple's HealthKit, was temporarily removed from the Apple Store this morning to address some minor issues," MyFitnessPal said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
"We are working with Apple on a solution and will have an updated version of the app, without the HealthKit piece (for the time being), back on the App Store shortly," the company said.
While HealthKit promises to enhance the process of data-sharing between physicians and those under their care, observers have noted the potential for sensitive data to be abused.
Others are leery of having all their private information stored at one location, susceptible to hackers.
Apple on Wednesday released iOS 8 with new features and updates, just two days ahead of the release of two new iPhone versions showcased last week.

Inspired by Alibaba  Tata to get into e-commerce spaceAlibaba Group
(Tata already operates an…)
NEW DELHI: The Tata Group plans a bigbang entry into the Indian ecommerce space with the marketplace model that has been made immensely successful by Alibaba — which just made a record initial public offering in the US — and has also been emulated domestically by Flipkart, Amazon India and Snapdeal, according to two people familiar with Tata Group's plans.
The initiative will be led by Tata Industries Ltd , a fully owned subsidiary of Tata Sons that shepherds the group's entry into new businesses, and not by its existing retail units, said one of the persons.
"Tata Industries incubates new businesses as they have done with Tata's entry into auto components and telecom ventures," said the person, who didn't want to be named. "Then such businesses are taken forward by their respective units." A Tata Sons spokesperson said the group is eyeing the country's ecommerce business but did not elaborate on plans. "Suffice it to say that ecommerce is of interest to the Tata Group. We will share more information at the appropriate moment," the person said.
To be sure, Tata already operates an ecommerce site for its consumer electronics business Croma, but the marketplace model will allow any vendor to sell on the platform, similar to what Amazon or Flipkart do in India. Ecommerce marketplaces make money by charging fee or commission from merchants using them.
Tata is modeling its business on Tmall.com, the Alibaba Group's marketplace, said the second person cited above. This, along with twin B2C marketplace Taobao.com, generated about $248 billion in gross merchandise sales last year for the Chinese company, more than that of Amazon.com and eBay put together.
The yet-to-be-named marketplace is planned to be rolled out next year and will initially showcase Tata's existing retail chain brands such as Westside, Croma and Star Bazaar. Tata is also working to rope in joint venture partner Zara, which otherwise sells online only through its own sites globally, to sell on the platform, the person added.
Tata has already started the process of hiring people as well enrolling vendors for its marketplace, the person said.
India's ecommerce market has been red-hot in recent years with market leader Flipkart clocking a valuation of $7 billion in a July funding round when it raised $1 billion from a clutch of existing investors. A day later, Amazon announced plans to invest $2 billion in India.
India's online retail business is expected to surge to between $19 billion and 38 billion, from about $2.3 billion in annual sales now, according to consultancy firm Technopak Advisors.
Enticed by the potential, several Indian companies, including Reliance Industries, are planning online retailing forays. Tata has a sizeable presence in real-world retail, which includes high-profile JVs with Britain's Tesco, Spain's Zara and No. 1 coffee chain Starbucks . Interestingly, Ratan Tata , chairman emeritus of Tata Sons, has invested personally in Snapdeal and online jewellery retailer Bluestone in recent months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With rise of e-commerce  coupon sites see revenue rising around 500%E retailer's fight for buyers drives sales at couponing sites
Payal Ganguly & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 06.05AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(With the rise of e-commerce,…)
BANGALORE/HYDERABAD: The fierce rivalry among ecommerce sites to snag new customers through massive discounts has expectedly led to burgeoning sales at couponing sites that enable users get products and services online at a steal.
With the rise of e-commerce, deal buying and couponing sites, such as Coupon Dunia, Groupon and several others, have seen revenue rise as much as 500%, most of it attributed to the bigger players — Flipkart, Amazon India and Snapdeal.
In a couponing website, a customer can search for a particular discount voucher and use that code to get a discount or cashback on an etailer's website. "I see couponing as a less exploited marketing tool as of now. Going ahead, as ecommerce grows, we will see more and more success for these sites," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak.
A majority of transactions for these portals still come from the bigger ecommerce sites like Flipkart, Amazon India, Jabong, Fashionara and MakeMyTrip, among others.
"A lot of online shoppers start their shopping journey from these (couponing) sites, and we do get a healthy share of business from them," said Darpan Munjal, cofounder of Fashionara.
The couponing sites get commissions that vary across merchants and categories. For electronics, it is 2-5%. For clothing it's between 10% and 15% or even higher. Travel sites usually pay about Rs 100-300 per flight booking. Some ecommerce partners like RedBus pay fixed amounts per transaction regardless of cart size.
"At Myntra, we are working with several affiliate networks for more than two years, directly or indirectly. Affiliates drive about 10-15% of our overall transactions," said Deepak Srikumar, head of digital marketing at Myntra.
"The coupons on ecommerce site are usually directed at customer acquisition and ensure that the customer revisits the site the next time to redeem the coupons," said Rachna Nath, leader of retail and consumer at advisory firm PwC.
In 2012, Amazon entered in India through price-comparison and lead generation site Junglee, which it bought years earlier. Mature markets like the United States, have seen some couponing websites including Coupons.com, RetailMeNot.com, even go public in the past couple of years. Japanese ecommerce giant recently bought couponing site Ebates to enter the US market.
The opportunity in India is also huge. Indian ecommerce market is expected to reachRs 50,000 crore by 2016, according to Crisil. Going ahead, these sites are betting on mobile to drive its revenue. "We expect our mobile app to be a game changer," said 30-yearold Sameer Parwani, who started CouponDunia from Boston in the United States in 2010. The company, which has now been acquired by Times Internet, is expanding its offline restaurant coupon business and expects to earn a revenue of Rs 40 crore in fiscal 2016.
"With a higher discount range in all the online stores, people are completely involved in shopping online, mainly due to the cash on delivery and return policy features," said KR Murle, founder of Getextrabux, a cashback, deal hunting and price comparison portal. The company, which was set up with an investment of about Rs 45 lakh, pays around 60-90% of the commission it earns to the customers as cashback.
 
The tech-based companies have consciously chosen to stay away from the local-deals model. "Working with local retailers could be tricky as sometimes the deals get oversubscribed and they run out of margin," said Swati Bhargava, cofounder of Cashkaro. "For us, online was a better way since it's a volume game we are targeting."
Cashkaro said its sales have gone up 500% in one year. "While I don't mind paying to (these couponing sites) to get new customers, if I had to pay for a repeat customer, I wouldn't be very happy," said Praveen Sinha, managing director of Jabong.
The mobile-first has worked well for Mydaala. com which is one of the few surviving deal sites for local businesses. "We were one of the first to tap into analytics which helped us user-specific deals every time they logged in but presently no one seems to be working with local merchants," said Anisha Singh, founder and CEO of Mydaala. com, which introduced couponing for all major telcos last year.
However local-deals space remains niche with few players venturing into it. "When we entered the market in 2011, there was a lot of competition in India and none of these sites curated the merchants who were a part of it. As a result, once the customer has a bad experience, he would never come back to the coupon or deal site," said Ankur Warikoo, CEO of Groupon India.
He said that Groupon has evolved to accommodate a mix of transactions keeping in mind the growing ecommerce industry. While local deals contribute to 60% of Groupon's business, 25% comes from manufacturers who list directly with the site to sell and the remaining 15% is driven by travel deals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mobile retailers tie-up with Flipkart  Snapdeal to stem falling footfallse-commerce
(The Mobile Store, India’s…)
NEW DELHI: Large mobile phone retailers such as The Mobile Store and UniverCell are looking to partner with online stores such as Flipkart , Amazon and Snapdeal in a bid to stem falling footfalls and revenue as handset vendors increasingly choose the online-only sale model and attract consumers with discounts.
The Mobile Store, India's largest mobile phone retailer, plans to tie up with e-commerce players to enable it to help customers at its outlets to buy devices online if they choose to. "It will not help us if we resist, we need to adapt quickly," said The Mobile Store's Chief Executive Himanshu Chakravarti, who is putting together a plan under which the company will be entitled to monetary benefits from sales of the ecommerce player as per a commercial agreement.
Additional revenue will come from offering customers other services and higher-margin products like accessories. The Essar Group-owned company, which has 800 outlets across 150 cities, has already taken the first step towards this integration with the online world by offering an extended warranty to customers buying smartphones from Snapdeal. com. The Mobile Store's year-long extended warranty on Snapdeal costs between Rs 99 and Rs 1,199 for smartphones across price points.
It kicks in after the manufacturer warranty expires, allowing unlimited number of repairs within the guarantee period. Chennai-based UniverCell also plans to work alongside online retailers by offering the use of its outlets as experience centres where customers can also get after-purchase services that online stores cannot provide, such as setting up smartphones, transferring contacts and limited-period free theft and damage insurance.
"We're partnering with online players to see how we can complement each other. We're also talking to original equipment makers to see if they can launch some phones exclusively offline," said Sathish Babu, founder of UniverCell, which has over 450 stores in major south Indian states including Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.
Online retail has cornered 12-14% of monthly sales from offline retailers in a short span of time, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. According to industry estimates, prices of devices on websites are at least 10% lower than those sold in retail outlets. The popularity of online retailers has also grown due to exclusive smartphone launches by Motorola, Xiaomi and vendors of Android One phones, helping the companies save almost 30% on distribution costs.
These factors have affected the viability of brick-and-mortar stores, putting the two retailing factions at loggerheads. The Mobile Store's Chakravarti said collaboration was the need of the hour and its plan involves offering its stores to online players so that customers can touch and feel a phone before buying it and also get after-sales service and extended warranty.
"They can decide to buy from us, our website or any of the online retailers they choose. We're quickly reorienting the training of our employees for this, for the future, rather than resist the technology, which by definition is disruptive," he added. UniverCell's Babu said that he was training a team on educating customers on the challenges or problems of buying online.
"But besides that, we'll be offering finance schemes without any interest bundled with the sale, a standby phone in case yours comes up for repairs and personal mobile phone trainers will go to homes or offices to help people set up the phone. All these are not done online," he added. While the retail chains are yet to sign on the dotted line, Jayanth Kolla, partner at Convergence Catalyst, said that partnering with online players was a near-sighted move, focused more on protecting turf.
"It's a short-term and opportunistic (move) in nature, till original equipment makers figure out their online distribution channel strategies and set up processes for these channels, which is eventually bound to happen," he said. Samsung recently announced its support to offline retailers by extending exclusive sales rights to 48 smartphone models even as a large number of its other phones are sold across ecommerce platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC cancels 214 coal blocks  mining stocks fallSupreme Court cancels 214 coal blocks, mining stocks fall
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 16:04 IST
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the  Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks  which were allotted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was  claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crores were invested.
A bench,  headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, saved only four blocks-one belonging  to NTPC and SAIL each and two allocated to Ultra Mega Power  Projects-from being cancelled.
 
The bench, also comprising  justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, granted six months breathing  time to mining companies to wind up their operations in the coal blocks.
The  bench also directed the companies, which were allocated coal blocks but  had not operationalised them, to pay a compensation to the government  for the loss of exchequer.
It accepted the findings of the CAG  which came to the conclusion that the loss of Rs 295 per tonne was  caused due to the non-operation of the mines.
The apex court also  noticed the stand taken by the NDA government that it is "fully  prepared to face socio-economic impact" if the coal block allocations  were cancelled.
During the earlier hearing in the case, the UPA  govt had opposed cancellation of coal blocks allocation saying that  around Rs 2 lakh crore had been invested by various companies after  blocks were allotted to them.
The apex court had on August 25 held  that all coal blocks allocation since 1993 by various regimes at the  Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
The apex court,  which had used almost all terms to condemn the procedures adopted by 36  screening committee meetings since 1993, however, had stopped short of  cancelling them saying, "what should be the consequences, is the issue  which remains to be tackled."
The apex court, which examined the  allocation of 218 blocks in pre-auction era till 2010, had held that  they were done in an illegal manner by an "ad-hoc and casual" approach  "without application of mind" and "Common good and public interest have,  thus, suffered heavily" due to lack of fair and transparent procedure  resulting in "unfair distribution" of the "national wealth"-coal-"which  is king and paramount Lord of industry."
"To sum up, the entire  allocation of coal block as per recommendations made by the Screening  Committee from July 14, 1993 in 36 meetings and the allocation through  the government dispensation route suffers from the vice of arbitrariness  and legal flaws.
"The Screening Committee has never been  consistent, it has not been transparent, there is no proper application  of mind, it has acted on no material in many cases, relevant factors  have seldom been its guiding factors, there was no transparency and  guidelines have seldom guided it," the bench had said in its 163-page  verdict.
The affected companies would have to pay Rs 295 per tonne for all the coal mined since 1993. The government can auction these blocks after March 2015 and the companies will stop production after on March 31 2015 after which  Coal India Ltd will take over their operations, the apex court said.
"To sum up, the entire allocation of coal block as per recommendations made by the Screening Committee from July 14, 1993 in 36 meetings and the allocation through the government dispensation route suffers from the vice of arbitrariness and legal flaws. The Screening Committee has never been consistent, it has not been transparent, there is no proper application of mind, it has acted on no material in many cases, relevant factors have seldom been its guiding factors, there was no transparency and guidelines have seldom guided it," a bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha had said in its 163-page verdict.
The ruling sent shares of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Hindalco Industries Ltd and Tata Power Co Ltd sharply lower. The firms have already spent heavily on steel and power plants based around the coal blocks.
The JSPL stock said to be affected the most by the verdict fell 10% to Rs 189.75 on the BSE. The Coal India stock closed 5 per cent higher on the BSE. 
With PTI inputs

Future Consumer rises 10%  launches 1st food park in IndiaSep 24, 2014, 04.49 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Future Consumer rises 10%, launches 1st food park in India
Set up as public private partnership project with the Ministry of Food Processing and Karnataka's state government, this food park will house farmers, food manufacturers and cash and carry giants such as Walmart, offering the latest technology and infrastructure.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Future Consumer rises 10%, launches 1st food park in India
Set up as public private partnership project with the Ministry of Food Processing and Karnataka's state government, this food park will house farmers, food manufacturers and cash and carry giants such as Walmart, offering the latest technology and infrastructure.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Future Consumer surged 10 percent intraday Wednesday after it launches its first integrated food park in Tumkur, Karnataka.
Set up as public private partnership project with the Ministry of Food Processing and Karnataka's state government, this food park will house farmers, food manufacturers and cash and carry giants such as Walmart, offering the latest technology and infrastructure.
Future Group CEO Kishore Biyani told CNBC-TV18, “The whole idea of this park is about how we can create a modern kitchen for the frontend of our retail. We are a multi-product retailer and the government has initiated a scheme on mega Food Park. This project will cater to the South and some part of western part of India. Then we put up another project in the eastern part of India around Calcutta and one in Madhya Pradesh which then can cater to the entire India. We are creating a backend for all our food initiatives which we want to build up.”
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the 110-acre food park located on the outskirts of Bangalore. The company plans to open two more such food parks in Kharagpur in Bengal and Madhya Pradesh, he said.
The stock closed at Rs 12.81, up Rs 1.13, or 9.67 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty holds 8000 ahead of FO expiry; infra  banks dragSep 24, 2014, 05.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty holds 8000 ahead of F&O expiry; infra, banks drag
Supreme Court’s verdict on coal scam dragged the index as much as 67.5 points to hit an intraday low of 7950.05, but in late trade it showed smart recovery to manage to close above the 8000 level, down 15.15 points at 8002.40.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty holds 8000 ahead of F&O expiry; infra, banks drag
Supreme Court’s verdict on coal scam dragged the index as much as 67.5 points to hit an intraday low of 7950.05, but in late trade it showed smart recovery to manage to close above the 8000 level, down 15.15 points at 8002.40.
Post your opinion here
16:57
Moneycontrol Bureau
The 50-share NSE Nifty saw consolidation on Wednesday ahead of expiry for September derivative contracts (on Thursday) though it continued fall for the second consecutive session. Supreme Court’s verdict on coal scam dragged the index as much as 67.5 points to hit an intraday low of 7950.05, but in late trade it showed smart recovery to manage to close above the 8000 level, down 15.15 points at 8002.40.
The 30-share BSE Sensex shed as much as 215.7 points intraday, before closing at 26744.69, down 31 points. Meanwhile, the broader markets continued to see huge selling pressure with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices falling 1.2 percent and 1.6 percent, respectively.
The ongoing correction is a healthy sign and the market needs to consolidate before resuming the bull run, said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL.
Jain feels the markets have been looking for reasons to correct and sees sharp corrections in midcaps and smallcaps. He said that one should be prepared for a 5-10 percent downside in the broader markets and 10-15 percent in midcaps.
Meanwhile, Supreme Court announced verdict on coal block allocation case. It cancelled 214 coal blocks, and exempted four blocks including allocations to Sasan UMPP and NTPC and SAIL.
The apex court gave six months time for government to make alternate arrangements. Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty was imposed on all cancelled block holders.
Jindal Steel and Power was the top loser in the Nifty, down 10 percent post coal verdict. JSPL's penalty amounted to Rs 3,000 crore due to cancellation of coal blocks, said Rakesh Arora of Macquarie, adding the impact on Hindalco Industries will be minimal. The stock was down 0.5 percent.
Supreme Court added that the government is free to auction all cancelled blocks post March 2015, which may be beneficial to Coal India, the largest coal mining company. The stock was up 5 percent. Attorney General said Coal India will carry out mining activity till auctions held. Reliance Power too surged 5 percent post exemption for Sasan UMPP.
Shares of TCS, L&T, ICICI Bank, SBI, HDFC, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto and BHEL were prominent losers, down 1-2.7 percent.
However, the buying in FMCG, healthcare, power and select technology stocks capped the downside. ITC, Infosys, HUL, ONGC, Cipla and Wipro gained 1-3 percent.
About 1019 shares advanced while 1946 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00
Nifty ends flat, F&O expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%, CIL up 5%
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.

Why Sonam chose to promote Fawad Khan moreCelebrity
When Sonam promoted Fawad Khan more and 'Khoobsurat' less
A remake of the 1980 Hrishikesh Mukherjee gem by the same name, 'Khoobsurat' has evolved by becoming princelier in its approach.
'Khoobsurat' has released and all people could talk about is the rugged and extremely handsome Prince Fawad Khan and his performance.
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Wed 24 Sep, 2014 3:30 PM IST

Professional narcissists  four reasons why language trips them upAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

French hostage beheaded by extremists linked to ISIS groupprint
Algerian extremists allied with the Islamic State group have decapitated a French hostage after France ignored their demand to stop airstrikes in Iraq, according to a video obtained on Wednesday by a US-based terrorism watchdog.
A group calling itself Jund al-Khilafah, or Soldiers of the Caliphate, had said they would kill French mountaineer Herve Gourdel after abducting him Sunday unless France ended its airstrikes against Islamic State fighters in Iraq within 24 hours.
Read: Haines beheading: Cameron vows to ‘extinguish’ IS
The French government insisted it would not back down.
In the video, masked gunmen from the newly formed group that split away from al-Qaida's North Africa branch, pledged their allegiance to the leader of the Islamic State group, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, and said they were fighting his enemies. They criticised the French attacks in Iraq as well as its intervention against radical Islamists in Mali.
Terrorism watchdog SITE Intelligence Group said the video had been posted on social networking site Twitter.
Read: Islamic State militants post another beheading video
Gourdel, a 55-year-old mountaineering guide from Nice, was seized in the Djura Djura mountains of northern Algeria on Sunday during a hiking trip. His Algerian companions were released.
Algerian forces unleashed a massive search for him in the remote mountainous region that is one of the last strongholds of Islamic extremists in Algeria.
The video resembled those showing the beheadings of two American journalists and a British aid worker in recent weeks, but instead of starting with clips of President Barack Obama speaking, it showed French President Francois Hollande.
France started airstrikes in Iraq on Friday, the first country to join the US military campaign against the Islamic State fighters there.
"Our values are at stake," French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said today after hearing about the video. He would not comment further, but minutes earlier he insisted that France would continue fighting in Iraq as long as necessary.
Read: No God condones this terror, says Obama at UN
Algeria has been fighting Islamic extremists since the 1990s and in recent years they had been largely confined to a few mountainous areas, where they have concentrated on attacking soldiers and police while leaving civilians alone.
The killing of a hostage represents a departure for radical Islamic groups in Algeria which in the past decade have made millions of ransoming hostages.
The new group split away from al-Qaida's North Africa branch and declared allegiance to the al-Baghdadi's group in Iraq and Syria and has apparently adopted their tactic of killing hostages.

http://usat.ly/1sYI6cdFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Audit: U.S. should have reined in GM, Ally pay
DETROIT — The U.S. government allowed "excessive" compensation for General Motors and Ally Financial executives in 2013, a government watchdog alleges in a new report.
Post to Facebook
Audit: U.S. should have reined in GM, Ally pay DETROIT — The U.S. government allowed "excessive" compensation for General Motors and Ally Financial executives in 2013, a government watchdog alleges in a new report. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1srp3x0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Audit: U.S. should have reined in GM, Ally pay
Nathan Bomey, Detroit Free Press 8:48 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Until December, GM’s top executives were subject to pay restrictions.
(Photo: Detroit Free Press)
5 CONNECT 9 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
DETROIT — The U.S. government allowed "excessive" compensation for General Motors and Ally Financial executives in 2013, a government watchdog alleges in a new report.
Christy Romero, the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program (SIGTARP), concluded in a report released Wednesday that the Treasury Department too often approved pay increases for executives of bailed-out companies.
Romero's role is to monitor the government's economic stimulus spending and cite ways it could have better protected U.S. taxpayers.
Government sells last of its GM shares
Until December, when the government sold its final shares of GM stock, the automaker's top executives were still subject to federally imposed compensation restrictions. The company has now escaped those limits and has since increased the pay of some leaders, including CEO Mary Barra, whose 2014 compensation package was set at $14.4 million.
The government still owns about 16% of Detroit-based Ally — formerly GMAC — which remains subject to restrictions.
SIGTARP said the Treasury Department approved $3 million in pay increases for nine GM executives in 2013, amounting to raises ranging from 4% to 20%.
"Those raises were excessive," Romero's report said. "Treasury significantly loosened executive pay limits resulting in excessive pay for top 25 employees at GM and Ally when the companies were not repaying TARP in full and taxpayers."
SIGTARP also criticized the Treasury Department for approving cash salaries above the industry median for 19 of 21 GM executives.
The Treasury Department said it had forced the companies to shift more of executive pay to stock-based compensation instead of cash salaries. It noted that cash compensation fell 31% in 2013 for the top 25 leaders at GM and Ally.
Patricia Geoghegan, acting special master for TARP executive compensation, said the SIGTARP report has "many inaccuracies and omissions."
"The record shows that the Office of the Special Master has fulfilled its obligation to balance limiting executive compensation with allowing companies to repay taxpayer assistance," Geoghegan said. "Pay packages for the top 25 employees at each of those companies have been restricted so long as the company remained in TARP and taxpayers have recovered $25 billion more than was originally invested in the companies."
GM issued a statement thanking taxpayers for their assistance.
"While the U.S. Treasury owned GM stock and ever since, we have worked to align executive compensation with the long-term interests of stockholders and we will continue to do so," the company's statement read.
Taxpayers lost $11.2 billion on the GM bailout, according to government, as well as $2.9 billion on the Chrysler bailout. The government has already recovered $874 million more than it invested in Ally and still controls a $1.6 billion stake in the company, according to the Treasury Department.
"Ally is pleased to have been able to more than repay the American taxpayer due in large part to the dedication of its management team and despite the significant constraints imposed at Ally as a result of TARP," Ally said in a statement. "The SIGTARP report in general is full of misstatements."
Obama administration officials have argued that bailouts saved millions of jobs and preserved a large portion of the auto industry. Economists generally agree that the bailouts prevented an economic calamity.
5 CONNECT 9 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1srp3x0
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Company hopes to win back once loyal following among office workers with the $599 PassportBlackBerry launches square phone in push for business users
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1cfb6e4a-43e2-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India siding with US against China can be disastrous: Natwar Singh28
0
Jaipur: A day before Prime Minister Narendra Modi embarks on his maiden visit to the United States, former external affairs minister Natwar Singh said that India should not unite with the US against China as it could be "disastrous".
"The era of superpower has gone. America is not the only superpower and its influence has come down. America would like India to come together against China but it could be disastrous," he said during an event.
Lauding Modi for taking "good steps" in the area of foreign policy, Singh exuded confidence that the Prime Minister's visit to the United Nations and Washington will be successful.
Former external affairs minister Natwar Singh said that India should not unite with the US against China as it could be "disastrous".
#natwar singh #us trip #india #barack obama
Singh said that India will play an extremely important global role in the coming years and the present NDA government is faced with several challenges.
"Modi has taken good steps in the area of foreign policy and relations after he became Prime Minister that includes inviting heads of neighboring nations to his oath taking ceremony, attending the BRICS summit and now he will have the opportunity to meet foreign ministers and heads of several nations in the United Nations Assembly and then visit Washington," he said, adding that "the Prime Minister should visit Russia and further strengthen relations."
Modi will embark on a five-day high profile visit to the US during which he will have a power-packed schedule of meetings official, business and public apart from addressing the UN General Assembly on September 27 and bilateral talks with US President Barack Obama.
Singh, a former diplomat, said that before becoming the Prime Minister, Modi met him in February and discussed foreign issues and he told him that there was a need to strengthen relations with neighboring countries.
On relations with China, he said both India and China are mature country but the foreign relations of China are far ahead from India as it existed in traditional form.
Singh said that relations with Pakistan were "accident prone" and people of that country want good ties with India.
Criticizing former prime minister Manmohan Singh on foreign policy matters, he said, "Manmohan Singh is a gentleman, but not a leader".
While claiming to be an admirer of former prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru, Singh highlighted three mistakes he made in context of foreign policy. He said that taking the Kashmir dispute to UN, failure in resolving border disputes with China and not taking up the opportunity of having a permanent seat in the UN Security Council were some mistakes Nehru made.
Singh was speaking at a lecture on the present NDA government's foreign policy, organised by Prabha Khaitan Foundation in memory of novelist and poet Prabha Khaitan.
15

Coalgate fallout: Worst fears for power cos | Impact on cos | View: Toll on bizCitigroup
(While industry experts…)
MUMBAI: For over a year, promoters and executives of power companies and their lenders had sleepless nights, wondering what the Supreme Court would decide about coal blocks allotted to them.
On Wednesday, their worst fears came true when the apex court cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993. While industry experts lauded the verdict as a precursor to coal sector reforms, the nightmare for the power companies isn't over yet.
"We are relieved that the uncertainty is over. But now where do plants attached to these mines get coal from? What happens to the expenses already incurred? The government needs to give clarity on the modus operandi," said Sushil Maroo, a director of Essar Energy and CEO of Essar Power . The company stands to lose three coal blocks.
Companies had expected the court to take a more lenient view on the 40 coal mines that had started operations and not cancel them. Instead, the court gave companies with operational mines six months to transfer their assets to the government.
"This move will have an extremely negative impact on power, steel and cement companies as an issue that is almost 21 years old is being addressed now and a lot of investments have gone into these blocks, which will now get impacted. Most companies will have no option but to bid in the new round of auctions as one cannot only depend on imported coal," said Issac George, Group Chief Financial Officer at GVK Power & Infrastructure, which had been allotted two blocks.
The power sector has already investedRs 2,86,677 crore toward exploration, mining and end-use projects, equivalent to almost 3% of the GDP.
Coal-based projects represent about 59% of India's total installed power generation capacity. Apart from the cancellation, operational mines will have to pay a penalty of Rs 295 for every tonne of coal extracted since they started.
This will aggravate the finances of power companies, which are already grappling with stretched balance sheets.
"The penalties imposed by the Supreme Court are very exacting and will take a big toll on the finances of some of these companies. How will the companies cough up this kind of cash without seriously compromising their cash flows or indebting themselves further?" George of GVK asked.
According to Citigroup , the other grey area is how production and sale of coal will be affected when Coal India takes over these mines. "Will Coal India be able to produce in the same quantity, and how will sale of that coal happen? Will JSPL get the requisite coal even after Coal India starts operating its mines?"
In 2013-14, Coal India produced 462 million tonnes of coal, missing the target of 482 million tonnes. The coal ministry anticipates that local supplies will fall as much as 185 million tonnes short of the country's projected demand of 950 million tonnes in 2016-17. The gap could widen if the cancelled mines don't produce the projected volumes of coal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asia Slips as Wall Street Cheer Fizzles Out  Kiwi SlidesYou are here: Home Market
Asia Slips as Wall Street Cheer Fizzles Out, Kiwi Slides
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 10:07 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Tokyo: Asian stocks slipped on Thursday, giving back earlier gains as initial cheer from a rebound on Wall Street fizzled out, while the New Zealand dollar hit a one-year low when the central bank governor decried the currency's recent strength.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.3 per cent, edging towards a four-month low hit the previous day on geopolitical jitters.
Tokyo's Nikkei retained earlier momentum and rose 1.1 per cent, heartened as the yen resumed its weakening against the dollar.
Wall Street rebounded broadly overnight, buoyed by strong US housing data and dovish statements from a top Federal Reserve official.
The New Zealand dollar hit a one-year low of $0.7995 after Reserve Bank of New Zealand Governor Graeme Wheeler repeated his warning that the exchange rate is unsustainable and at unjustified levels.
"The statement itself was another intervention threat. The Reserve Bank is saying that even down at these levels the kiwi is too high," said Imre Speizer, currency strategist at Westpac.
The kiwi had climbed to a three-year peak of $0.8839 in July, boosted by prospects of further rate hikes by the RBNZ.
The US dollar, rejuvenated after benchmark US Treasury yields rose for the first time in four days and as the euro slumped to fresh lows, edged closer to a six-year high versus the yen.
The dollar traded as high as 109.34 yen, and a break above 109.46 would take the greenback to a high not seen since 2008.
The dollar index, a gauge of the greenback's strength against a basket of major currencies, hit a four-year high of 85.163.
The euro slumped to a fresh 14-month trough of 1.2764, retaining downward momentum after dropping overnight on poor German data and statements by European Central Bank President Mario Draghi indicating monetary policy would be kept loose for an extended period.
The Australian dollar fell to $0.8818, its lowest since early February, suffering collateral damage from the kiwi's sharp fall.
Reserve Bank of Australia Governor Glenn Stevens is due to give a brief speech that could potentially offer trading insights, but he is not scheduled to take questions.
For broader cues the financial markets are eyeing US jobless claims and durable goods numbers due later in the day for potential impact on yields and currencies.
In a week filled with appearances by US central bank officials, investors await Atlanta Fed president Dennis Lochart's speech due at 1730 GMT.
In commodities, Brent crude steadied near $97 a barrel after bouncing from its lowest in 26 months, but abundant supply continued to drag on prices.
Brent was down 17 cents at 96.78 a barrel.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gold Extends Losses as Equities  Dollar RiseYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Extends Losses as Equities, Dollar Rise
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 10:02 (IST)
Gold Rebounds on Seasonal Demand; Global Cues
Singapore: Gold extended losses on Thursday, reacting to stronger equities and robust US economic data that curbed its safe-haven appeal, and the metal looked likely to fall back towards January's lows as the dollar index rallied to four-year highs.
Investors will be watching more US data due later on Thursday, including durable goods orders for August, to gauge the strength of the world's largest economy and the implications for the Federal Reserve's monetary policy and the dollar.
Markets fear strong data could prompt the Fed to raise interest rates soon, a move that would affect non-interest-yielding assets such as bullion.
Global stocks gained, also dimming bullion's appeal as an alternative investment.
"The equity markets (have) been strong despite recent losses. This is keeping a rotational shift in funds from going into gold," HSBC analysts said in a note.
"Further dollar or equity gains could push gold below $1,200, which may trigger additional momentum selling," they said, adding that physical demand had so far kept prices from falling below that key psychological level.
Spot gold dipped 0.2 per cent to $1,214.27 an ounce by 0328 GMT, after losing 0.5 per cent in the previous session. It is not far from an 8-1/2-month low of $1,208.36 hit earlier in the week.
The dollar was boosted by data on Wednesday that showed sales of new US single-family homes surged in August to their highest level in more than six years, a sign the housing recovery remains on course.
A slump in the euro also helped the dollar, which scaled four-year highs on Thursday against a basket of major currencies. European Central Bank President Mario Draghi renewed a pledge to keep monetary policy loose for an extended period.
Gold has fallen nearly 6 per cent this month, on course for its biggest monthly loss since June 2013. The metal has erased nearly all its gains for the year due to fears of a US rate rise and the strengthening dollar.
Physical demand has been subdued this year after a record 2013, when prices slumped by 28 per cent, although demand has picked up in recent weeks.
The US Mint has sold nearly 50,000 ounces of American Eagle gold coins so far in September, almost double its total in August, due to the sharp drop in gold prices.
Russia increased its gold holdings for the fifth straight month in August, while Kazakhstan raised its holdings by more than half a million ounces, data from the International Monetary Fund showed on Thursday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

May look at bidding for coal blocks during re-auction: GMRWould have taken another 5 years to extract coal from Rampia mine in Odisha
Madhu Terdal
President of New & Emerging Business
GMR Infrastructure
In a landmark judgement, the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled allocation of 204 coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2008. Of the total 218 blocks, 14 coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint ventures, have been spared.
The mines are allowed to run till March 31, 2015, up until the government readies the framework for auction. Moreover, the companies will have to pay penalty at Rs 295 per tonne for all the coal mined to that date.
Discussing the verdict, Madhu Terdal, Group CFO, GMR Infra , which has also seen cancellation of few mines, said the company would not get impacted by the SC order. He said the company would have taken another 5 years to extract coal from Rampia mines in Odisha, allotted to it.
Moreover, the company has already been given a tapering coal linkage for plants for the next five years till 2020. He says the company may look at bidding for coal blocks once the government starts re-auctioning process.
Prasad Baji, Senior VP, Institutional Equities - Research at Edelweiss Financial Services, says companies like Prakash Industries and Monnet Ispat may also get hit by the SC verdict.
Edelweiss has a target price of Rs 360 per share on Coal India , which does not include the benefits of new coal blocks. He feels opening up of coal sector to merchant miners is a long-term goal.
Below is the transcript of Madhu Terdal and Prasad Baji's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: Tell us about the impact that the Supreme Court ruling would have on GMR Infrastructure because two or three of your mines have been cancelled. What is the kind of damage that you see and how much would you have to pay to regain these blocks in the auction process, if there is any ballpark estimate on numbers that you have been working on?
Terdal: First of all let me clarify that GMR is not at all impacted by this order. There were certain coal blocks which were allotted to some of the operators have been cancelled. GMR got allotted a mine called Rampia in Odisha and that coal mine was given to six people jointly, along with us it was given to Arcelor-Mittal, Reliance, Lanco and others. All these people had different strategic plans, for example Arcelor-Mittal cancelled their plans for India and they did not use the coal mines. 
Therefore, in our view we would have taken another five years minimum to expect coal from this coal mines and looking at the way land acquisition policies are there, the difficulties in the state of Odisha, I think it is better handled by the Government of India rather than private company like ours. So we are not impacted by the cancellation of coal blocks and indeed instead of that we have already been given a tapering coal linkage for the next five year – that is till 2020, already the problem in the coal mine was anticipated and government has already given us a tapering coal linkage for 2020.
Latha: When will you next need coal and have you got all the coal through FSA for that period?
Terdal: Yes we have been given full coal. We are getting from the current coal mines which are given to us by Coal India. We have got a firm coal linkage for 500 megawatt; that is already in operation. For the balance of 550 megawatt we have been already given a tapering coal linkage. Wherever there is a shortfall we can import the coal from our own coal mines. So, that also is possible for us. 
Latha: Will you therefore bid when the existing 46 guys are put on the block?
Terdal: We haven’t thought of that as a group. I will not be able to comment on that.
Latha: At least yes or no, not whether you will outbid the existing guys or anything but you would be interested because these are well prospected and running mines? 
Terdal: I think it makes sense without talking from the company’s angle. I think it makes sense for us definitely to go for bidding.
Sonia: The judgement is silent on the auctioning process but if the de-allocated coal blocks when they are auctioned will it have any kind of inflationary impact on the power tariffs? 
Terdal: To a minor extent it should be having an inflationary impact. However, what is important to know if we have understood the little bit of the government plans, what the government is likely to do is Coal India is going to bring in some very experienced and world class operators into the game. 
Companies like Anglo, Rio Tinto which have very large mines with very high quality of technology and resources, if these kind of companies are given what is called as a mining contract by Coal India, in my opinion not only there will be very high quality of coal as well as the efficiency will be brought into the system. 
So, I think whatever to the extent of minor inflationary impact it may have I think it can be offset by the quality as well as the speedness in which this mine can be extracted. 
Latha: What is your sense of the most impacted companies? Now we know about Jindal Steel and Power  (JSPL) and Hindalco  but barring these companies which are the ones you think are going to be severely impacted?
Baji: After Hindalco and JSPL among the private producers Calcutta Electric Supply Corporation (CESC) is producing around 2.8 million tonne. So, they will need to bear a penalty at least from the group level as such. It is unclear whether this penalty can be passed on from the tariff at this stage but upfront at least the penalty is there. 
After that the producers are much lower in number, you have Prakash Industries at 1 million tonne, Usha Martin  at 0.8 million tonne coal production, Monnet is around 1 million tonne. So, it is around that level for four to five players. Totally the private producers are around 20-22 million tonne out of the 40 million tonne that India produces on a captive coal basis.
Sonia: Coal India was up 5 percent yesterday. They have been allotted these 40 coal blocks but there are so many unanswered questions with respect to what the management fee could be. So there is quite a bit of uncertainty. At this price what would your view be on Coal India, do you expect it to increase further?
Baji: Our current target is Rs 360. We have not taken the benefit of the new coal blocks. Upfront definitely these 40 million tonne production comes to Coal India but eventually there will be some e-auctioning. 
Net-net what one can say is that out of this 40 million tonne if 20 million tonne is with state PSUs then there is some likelihood that that maybe retained by Coal India considering also that Supreme Court judgement that essentially ownership of resources for merchant mining should be with central government and only captive miners can be in the end use sector. So, considering that the state PSUs which are producing around 20 million tonne that be retained with Coal India and that benefit can certainly come. 
There are question marks on how the takeover would happen, what happens to the land acquired by the existing mine owner to the infrastructure? So, there are many question marks. Directionally it is positive but the quantum cannot be ascertained fully at this stage.
Sonia: Many analysts are talking about a couple of scenarios. One could be auctioning of the coal blocks to the highest bidder, there could also be perhaps a tariff based bidding that the government could take and then finally something that politically may not be the best thing to do but opening up the coal sector to merchant mining, etc. What do you think is the best approach that the government should take now?
Baji: In the short to medium term definitely the auctioning of coal blocks has to happen. Government has already said that they would be auctioning coal blocks. However, I would say we would need very detailed guidelines and process in terms of how this would happen for the cancelled coal blocks. 
So, in a cancelled coal block, we already have a mine owner who has invested in the land, invested in the infrastructure. If there is a winning bidder who is other than the incumbent how this gets transferred, whether the incumbent has a right of first refusal (ROFR). So, government will have to come up with a detailed framework for all this. 
Government will also have to look at why all the earlier auctions which were only two or three failed. Government has said that they would like to do it with approvals and land. So, for the producing coal blocks it is easier but there will be clear guidelines on that. 
Thirdly on the pricing or the reserve price for the auctioning, earlier the guideline was that it would be 10 percent of the DCF value with the valuation based on imported coal pricing. However, is that really viable or should we link it to Coal India prices and how do we come to 10 percent number. So, there are a lot many finer points that need to be thrashed out before the auctioning is done but I would say that is what we should expect going forward. 
Opening up the sector to the merchant mining definitely is there but I would think that the government is going to consider it more in the longer term because there is a lot of immediate fixing that needs to be done considering all the cancellation that has now happened, so, that I would expect in fact for the longer term.
Latha: How are you going to approach the various power companies that you spoke about? They may not be in your coverage but basically even CESCs and GMRs and GVKs and a lot of others who will be looking for coal, do you expect that the coal auctioning could see some fairly aggressive pricing because these 46 as you said don’t have any land issues, titles are clear, you don’t have to prospect and see how much coal is available. Could there be aggressive bidding and would that bleed the sector?
Baji: We can’t conclude that there will be aggressive bidding because these coal mines, they are already supplying to certain plants. So, they will have all the infrastructure aligned for that. So, for example for JSPL coal blocks, there is a dedicated conveyor from the mine to the plant. If there is any another winner then how does he do the logistics as such; that is not clear at this stage. 
So, definitely there will be bidding but all these issues will need to be thrashed out as to if a new winner comes how does the changed situation be addressed. So, I expect bidding but until this is clear, it may not be necessarily very aggressive. 
Sonia: You spoke about what your fair value on JSPL is but if in case the premium paid during the auctions for the first few operational mines gets to be a little on the higher side or little aggressive then how much do you think it could hit JSPL further because now there is this whole uncertainty and overhang looming? 
Baji: When we do our numbers we take a base case. So, we have taken around Rs 600 increase in coal cost for JSPL because the challenge is going to be that after Coal India takes it over whether 100 percent of the coal can come back to JSPL and after that will there be an auction, will JSPL be successful at price it will get. So, considering these uncertainties we have build in a certain increase in coal cost and arrived at a fair value of around Rs 209. 
The issue remains that if the coal cost rises further then this, in a worse case the extent of imports of coal has to be higher then the coal cost can be much higher because the imported coal cost will be at least Rs 2000-3000 higher per tonne.
GMR Infra stock price
On November 21, 2014, GMR Infrastructure closed at Rs 20.15, up Rs 0.05, or 0.25 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 38.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 17.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.23 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 87.61. The latest book value of the company is Rs 16.76 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.20.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee weakens to 61.01 in early tradeRupee trading weak at 61.37
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
After opening flat from the previous close, the rupee slipped to 61.37 in the evening trade against the dollar due to dollar demand from importers and capital outflows.
The Indian currency had closed at 60.97 on Wednesday.
The domestic currency gained to 60.96 in the early trade. However, month-end dollar demand from importers dragged the rupee to 61.37 per dollar at 4.30 p.m. local time.
Call rates, G-secs
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, was trading a tad higher at 8.05 per cent from 8 per cent.
Prices on the 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, inched up to Rs 99.46 from the previous close of Rs 99.44. The yield on the bond softened to 8.47 per cent from 8.48 per cent.
Bond prices and yields move in the opposite directions.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Don t let global crisis overshadow Indo-US ...You are here: Home > Collections
Don't let international crisis overshadow Indo-US ties: American think tank
Sep 25, 2014, 10.32AM IST
Tags:
PM Modi's 'Make in India' campaign
WASHINGTON: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit, a conservative American think tank has called on the Obama Administration to not let the international crisis such as in Iraq and Syria overshadow the US-India ties.
"The stage is set for a successful Modi visit to Washington, but the White House must guard against allowing the myriad international crises happening around the globe to overshadow the visit and weaken Indo-US bilateral ties," Lisa Curtis of the Heritage Foundation said.
"Engaging with a strategically like-minded partner such as India takes on greater importance as the US grapples with multiple global challenges. US-India cooperation is particularly important when it comes to countering international terrorism and maintaining a stable balance of power in the Asia Pacific," said the top US expert on South Asia.
During Modi's visit, the US should expand economic and business ties so long as the Indian Prime Minister remains committed to pro-liberalisation agenda, and emphasise on defence cooperation, building on steps announced by Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel during his India visit in August, said Curtis.
"It is important that both sides continue to demonstrate understanding of the strategic context in which each is operating. While BJP leaders may calculate that it is in India's interest to draw closer to the US, they also will point out that India shares a border with China and thus must be cognizant of Chinese perceptions of India's foreign policy," she said.
Curtis said the Obama Administration should coordinate on strategies to counter terrorist movements in South Asia, especially in Afghanistan as US and NATO forces draw down.
"Given al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri's recent pledge to launch a South Asia wing and the Islamic State gaining ground in Iraq, the imperative for close US-India counter-terrorism cooperation has never been stronger," she said.
"Obama and Modi must coordinate their responses to these brewing threats and seek ways to cooperate in preventing the Taliban from staging a comeback in Afghanistan," Curtis said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex down over 150 points; Nifty below 8000; top 10 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex pare gains, Nifty slips below 8000; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 01.20PM IST
Tags:
Anil Ambani
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared most of its early morning gains and turned negative in trade on Thursday ahead of September F&O expiry. The fall in the index was led by losses in RIL, ONGC, Axis Bank , SBI and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological support level of 8000, weighed down by losses in power, realty, oil & gas and banking stocks.
At 2:21 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,569.53, down 175.16 points. The Nifty was at 7949.70, down 52.70 points.
"In today's session, volatility will tend to remain on the higher side due to rollover and unwinding of derivative positions on expiry day," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"We strongly believe that index would correct further with immediate target at 7850-7900 zone in the Nifty. So, traders are advised to extra caution and prefer defensive counters for fresh positions," he added.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
State Bank of India: Top Indian lender State Bank of India said on Wednesday its board had approved a 10-for-one stock split .
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.9 per cent lower at Rs 2439.
Reliance Power & Jaiprakash Power Ventures: Reliance Power, owned by billionaire Anil Ambani , has abandoned plans to acquire the hydropower business of Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd, terminating what would have been one of the largest deals in the Indian power sector.
At 10:00 a.m.; Reliance Power was trading 3.1 per cent lower at Rs 73.55, while Jaiprakash Power Ventures was trading 10 per cent lower at Rs 12.25.
RIL: Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL),is raising $800 million from Korea Exim (K-Exim) in order to finance purchase of telecom equipment from Korean vendors such as Samsung by Reliance Jio (RJio), the telecom arm of the retail to petroleum giant, indicating that the much awaited rollout of telecom services by India's largest private company is gathering pace.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent lower at Rs 951.
Jet Airways Ltd: Jet Airway has launched a major global expansion from this winter, announcing the addition of over a dozen flights to several destinations in the Gulf and Southeast Asia.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent lower at Rs 214.60.
Oil & gas stocks: Political considerations made their presence felt as the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs deferred its decision on revising gas prices, expected October-end, to November 15.
At 10:00 a.m.; Oil India was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 601.
Sun Pharma & Ranbaxy: Fair trade watchdog CCI's deadline for public comments on the $ 4 billion Sun Pharmaceuticals-Ranbaxy Laboratories deal, which has raised concerns of adverse impact on competition, ends today.
At 10:00 a.m.; Sun Pharma was trading 0.7 per cent lower at Rs 774 and Ranbaxy was trading 1.1 per cent lower at Rs 573.10.
ONGC: In a bid to pressure India to invest in a Persian Gulf gas field, Iran has put ONGC- discovered Farzad-B gas field on a list of fields it plans to auction citing delays by the Indian firm in its development.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent lower at Rs 403.40.
Coal India Ltd: The government will auction coal blocks within six months to raise output and is likely to ask Coal India to take charge of the 40 operational captive coal mines.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 354.35.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: PM Modi launches  Make in India  campaign in DelhiUpdated: September 25, 2014 17:33 IST
FDI for Indians is First Develop India, says Modi
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching the 'Make In India' logo with Kalraj Mishra (left), Minister for Micro Small and Medium Enterprises and Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce and Industry in New Delhi. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
The Hindu The logo of 'Make in India' unveiled at the event in Delhi on Thursday.
A screen grab of Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Make in India campaign in New Delhi on Thursday.
With his "Come, make in India" slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.
12.35: PM Narendra Modi concludes his speech.
I urge those of you who've been considering leaving India to stay back, flourish here first, then decide: PM Modi #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.35: Today is a very special day for me. It is the birth anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Uoadhyaya, who has inspired us through our lives: PM
12.35: This country is yours. Develop your business within the country and then step out, don't go out of compulsion: PM
"We want highways. We also want i-ways - information ways for a Digital India" PM @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.33: Govt is committed to growth, there is no political agenda but article of faith; States and Centre should work as a team; development of States is development of India: Narendra Modi
12.30: This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as MNCs: PM
12.28: I want Indian companies to be multi-national ones. But they should make the country stronger: PM Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.24: Want to enhance Public-Private Partnerships in skills development: Narendra Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.23: We have reversed the trend of investors going outside the country: Narendra Modi
12.20: Nobody can question the talent of our people...especially after yesterday: PM
"We don't have to tell the world our address, there'll be a Vasco da Gama in every nook and corner in India"- PM @narendramodi #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.16: Be assured you will not lose your money: PM to industrialists.
@narendramodi : "Don't think of India just as a market. The quicker Indian middle class grows the bigger the market becomes" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.15: I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance: Narendra Modi
12.12: My 3 month experience tells me that the entire team has a very positive outlook and thinking. They are 2 steps ahead of me too: Narendra Modi
Combination of democracy, demographic dividend & growing demand India's USP: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.12: The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address: PM
"FDI means #FirstDevelopedIndia for me." PM Shri @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia launch.
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.09: Industry does not come when there are too many incentive schemes. We have to create a development & growth oriented environment: Narendra Modi
This is the step of a Lion...Make in India: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.06: We have to increase manufacturing and at the same time ensure that the benefits reach the youth of our nation: PM
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.05: My definition of FDI for the people of India is First Develop India: PM
12.04: Rule of law should be there, corporate government responsibility should be the norm: PM.
12.04: People are talking about FDI but I see things differently. FDI is also a responsibility for the people of India: PM
For the world FDI is an opportunity: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.03: Mantra of our Government is that we want to trust each and every India. The atmosphere of trust can change a lot of things: Narendra Modi
12.02: Who is the Government for? It is for every Indian. It is for the poorest of the poor: Narendra Modi
12.01: A decision on self certification...many may feel this is a small step but what can be bigger than trusting 125 crore Indians: Narendra Modi
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.59: A trust was broken that when a policy will be changed, when CBI will come...this is what I heard from all you: Narendra Modi
We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India. Can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.58: Yet, when I heard such views I felt very sad. Why must our own people want to leave India: Narendra Modi
11.57: Whenever I met people for the last few years they would tell me — we want to shift out. I never saw political reasons behind it: PM Modi
11.55: I was hearing the business leaders. My Ministerial colleague also shared insight, we even saw the film: Prime Minister Narendra Modi
11.53: The Prime Minister starts addressing the gathering.
11.52: PM also unveils 'Make in India' brochure. Set of brochure covering 25 sectors covering just what every investor needs to invest in India.
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
11.50: PM Narendra Modi unveils the 'Make in India' logo. Make in India logo is derived from Ashok Chakra: wheel denotes peaceful progress, and the lion stands for strength and tenacity.
The information & facts that potential investors need for each sector have been compiled in brochures. #MakeInIndia pic.twitter.com/8rxGzCd0nF
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.45: Prime Minister will unveil the global 'Make in India' logo shortly.
11.40: My next investment destination is Madhya Pradesh: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar: " #MakeInIndia has given a mantra to eliminate all the ailments our economy has been suffering from"
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.39: Problems of inflation, unemployment can be resolved through domestic manufacturing: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar to @narendramodi "Boldness of your vision and the simplicity with which you have communicated it is inspiring" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.38: Like others, I am also inspired by the boldness of your vision and simplicity of your communication: Y.C. Deveshwar
"Make in India" campaign going global. Outreach now underway in Indonesia. pic.twitter.com/Jxmjfd4wfb
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
11.37: Y.C. Deveshwar, ITC Chairman, is speaking now.
11.36: We believe India is the epicentre of innovation: Phil Shaw.
11.35: With a supportive Government in India, as we do have here, we can do a lot more: Phil Shaw
11.33: Phil Shaw, CEO of Lockheed Martin India is speaking now.
Watch Live:
11.32: Train 5000 youth to give them basic skills o make them employable in industries. All of them are fully employed and more than 30% of them are young girls from semi urban and rural areas: Chanda Kochhar
We believe India is an epicentre of innovation: Mr. Shaw, Lockheed Martin India
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.30: We have been playing a role in manufacturing in India for the last 60 years. In the last one year we are focuses on skill training our youth: Chanda Kochhar
Chanda Kochhar @ICICIBank : "As a nation we need to focus on 4 areas- rules & regulations, infrastructure, policies and skill training."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.25: We will ensure that whatever gets made in India is best globally and that manufacturing processes are sustainable, and at competitive costs. We need to focus on the ease of doing business; the industry would need all infrastructure and we will need to give youth the resources to involve themselves in manufacturing: Chanda Kochhar, ICICI Bank CEO
11.23: Manufacturing has to become the next big wave. India is already a manufacturing hub for Birla group. More than 80% of revenue comes from Indian manufacturing for Birla group: K.M. Birla
Make in India has a very special resonance for our group: Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.21: India is a global IT hub and reservoir of human capital: K.M. Birla
11.20: Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman, Adithya Birla Group is now speaking
Azim Premji @Wipro : "True success of manufacturing lies in the ability to service global markets" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.18: The PM vision as a manufacturing powerhouse calls for educated workforce of thinkers and problem solvers: Azim Premji
11.11: Creating 1,25,000 new jobs in the next 12 to 15 months; With your leadership India can come back to fast growth trajectory; 8 and 10 per cent growth potential for India: Mukesh Ambani to PM
India's top Industrialists (from left) Tata Group Chairman Cyrus Mistry; Maruti Suzuki CEO Kenichi Ayukawa; Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani; Bosch Executive Director Franz Hauber; Wipro Chairman Azim Premji during the launch of "Make In India" at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
11.10: Implementation of GST will make India one market and strengthen overall 'Make in India' programme: Ambani.
11.09: Make in India is typical to your style. Make is for all Indians and the world. Make is for the present and the future. Important for us to succeed in global competitiveness: Mukesh Ambani to PM
Mr. Mukesh Ambani: "When the world looks at India, let nobody have a doubt that we can be competitive on global terms." #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.08: On behalf on Indian industries I commit myself to the Make in India program: Mukesh Ambani
11.07: You gave us a vision of digital India goes hand in hand with make in india framework, Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.06: You have focused Indians towards the present and the future: Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.05: Today is a historic day for Indian industry: Mukesh Ambani. For Make In India movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
Today we commit ourselves to Make India, a call that was given by our beloved PM on Independence Day: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.03: Mukesh Ambani, Chairman, Reliance industries Ltd. speaks.
My warm greetings to everyone on Navratri. Today is undoubtedly a historic day for Indian industry: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
MD Suzuki Motor Corp Kenichi Ayukawa: "India has the potential to become the most powerful car manufacturer of the world" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.55: Kenichi Ayukawa, CEO of Maruti Suzuki speaks. "We have been able to implement Japanese work practices in India."
Cyrus Mistry, @TataCompanies : "We are greatly encouraged that the #MakeinIndia programme is bringing together industry and government."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.51: India has 2 strategic advantages — our human capital and a market which affords scale and growth: Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons
Under leadership of our PM, Make in India is bringing together industry and government: Mr. Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons. http://t.co/Mv6VWi6ubN
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
10.49: Fully committed to de-licensing, deregulating and taking India to high growth trajectory: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.47: Series of measures taken on ease of doing business: Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
10.46: Make in India is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with single minded commitment, about new processes: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.45: Presentation on wooing investors being played in all state capitals. PM's speech will be translated into other foreign languages.
10.40: Union Minister of State for Commerce and Industry and Finance and Corporate Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman begins her address,"We want to make India A global manufacuring destination. We have a liberalised FDI policy. We have created a dedicated team to invest in India to assist and handhold investors from across the globe""
'Make in India' going global.Indian Missions translating into Arabic,Chinese,German, Russian, Japanese,Spanish & more pic.twitter.com/TjEDnOhTtG
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
10.30: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India campaign begins: aims to attract foreign companies in Indian infrastructure. To highlight liberalised defence manufacturing.
10.20: Mukesh Ambani, Cyrus Mistry, Osamu Suzuki, KM Birla, Azim Premji expected to speak at 'Make in India' launch
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the “Make In India” campaign, aimed at reviving the job-creating manufacturing sector — key to taking the economy on a sustainable high growth path.
The drive, the Modi government hopes, will do for investment sentiment what the “Incredible India” campaign has accomplished for tourism. With his “Come, make in India” slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.

Live coverage: Launch of Modi s Make in India campaignLook East, Link West, says PM Modi at Make in India launch
Gaurav Choudhury , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 10:23 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:10 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his 'Make in India' programme on Thursday, ahead of his maiden visit to the US, rolling out the red carpet to investors through a string of measures including easier norms and rules aimed at transforming India into a manufacturing hub.
The Make in India programme, first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month, will lay emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement.
Catch all the live updates of the high-voltage launch here and know about the scheme.
Highlights of the Make in India campaign launch
 
What is the Make in India initiative?
It is PM Modi's signature initiative to urge companies - local and foreign - to invest in India.
What does the initiative contain?
It contains a raft of proposals designed to get foreign companies to set up shop and make the country a manufacturing powerhouse.
How was the initiative launched?
The 'Make in India' programme was first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month. On Thursday he will launch it during an event at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi that will be beamed live not just across the country but to gatherings of industrialists across the world.
What are the initiative's focus sectors?
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
What about easing of foreign investment rules?
As part of the plan, foreign investment caps in construction will be eased to enable greater participation in the NDA government's 100 smart cities project and affordable housing. FDI caps in railways and defence production have already been eased to 100% and 49%, respectively.
Why is there a need to focus on manufacturing sector?
The government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to China as costs and risks there rise. The objective is also to ensure solid growth and employment creation. During 2005-12 India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
How does the government plan to ease doing of business in India?
# Global investors have been unsparing in their criticism about complex rules and bureaucratic red tape that delay investment decisions.
# India ranks a lowly 134 out of 189 countries in the World Bank’s ease of doing business index in 2014. It slipped three places from its 2013 rank.
# The government has set up an investor facilitation cell Invest India, which  will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances.
# All central government services are being integrated with an e-Biz single window online portal.
# States have been advised to introduce self-certification.
# The ministry of home affairs have been asked to give all security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
# A dedicated cell has been created to answer queries from business entities through a newly created web portal ( http://www.makeinindia.com ). The portal will go live on September 25.
# While an exhaustive set of FAQs on this portal will help investors find instant answers to their general queries, the back-end support team of the cell would answer specific queries within 72 hours.
# A pro-active approach will be deployed to track visitors for their geographical location, interest and real time user behaviour.
# Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on the information collected.
# Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter.
# The investor facilitation cell will provide assistance to foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure.
# The initiative will also target top companies across sectors in identified countries.
# A vast number of defence items have been de-licensed.
# The validity of industrial license has been extended to three years.
# With a view to providing flexibility in working hours and increased intake of apprentices for on the job training, the government has decided to amend a number of labour laws.
# The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December.
# An advisory has been sent to all departments/state governments to simplify and rationalise regulatory environment which includes online filing of all returns in a unified form.
# There would be no inspection without the approval of the head of the department, etc.

Former Odisha DGP Prakash Mishra booked in vigilance case  cries foul  alleges vendetta9
0
New Delhi: Former Odisha Director General of Police Prakash Mishra has been booked in a financial impropriety case by the vigilance department of the state. A tough officer, Mishra allegedly flouted rules in granting supply orders to the tune of Rs 58 crore to cement and steel companies during his tenure as the CMD of the Police Housing and Welfare corporation from 2006 to 2009.
However, the audit report found no irregularities. The officer, too, claimed that he is being targeted by vested interests.
"It's a case of vendetta against me. It's an attempt to scuttle my chances for Director CBI vacancy coming in December 2014. If it was such a serious case what prevented  the state government from acting in almost 6 years?  The audit report is not naming me or any other official of state housing corporation. The Vigilance department never called me to check during  the open inquiry. I will seek judicial remedy," he told CNN-IBN.
#odisha #prakash mishra #financial irregularities #central bureau of investigation
Mishra, a 1977 batch Indian Police Service officer from Orissa cadre, is the senior most candidate for the top post of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) after Director Ranjit Sinha. He is currently the Special Secretary with the Ministry of Home Affairs.
In June 2014 Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh called Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik to say that the Centre wants his services as Special Secretary Internal Security.
But within 24 hours the Orissa government removed him as the DGP and sent letter to Centre that Mishra saying cannot be spared as a Vigilance case is on. The case pertains to 2006 when he was the CMD state housing corporation. But it is also ironic that the state government, which is now targeting him, twice gave him a no objection certificate (NOC) for central deputation and picked him for the prestigious post of Orissa DGP.
Naveen Patnaik fears that Mishra knows about the chit fund scam and will create more trouble for his government if he goes to the CBI. The Attorney General of Odisha was arrested a few days back.
Big Questions:
- If this case was so big, why did the state government book him after 6 years?
- Why was Prakash Mishra removed immediately from the post of DGP after the call from Delhi about his selection as Special Secretary Internal Security in MHA?
- Why was no clarification sought from Mishra during an open inquiry?
67

Ladakh stand-off: Flag meeting likely between Indian and Chinese soldiers today24
0
Chumar (Ladakh): In the recent development of the continuing border stand off with the Chinese Army, India has demanded the restoration of the pre-September 10 situation in Chumar, defence sources have reported.
The two countries are also likely to hold a flag meeting today in the Chushul sector of Ladakh to discuss the issue.
Earlier this month over 50 Chinese soldiers had entered Chumar, days after 100 troops were reported to have crossed into Indian territory. This is despite Prime Minister Modi raising the border issue with Chinese President Xi Jinping during his recent visit to India.
The two countries are also likely to hold a flag meeting today in the Chushul sector of Ladakh to discuss the issue.

Sensex sheds 116 points ahead of F&O expiry today; power  PSU stocks tripSensex tanks 276 points; realty, oil & gas stocks slump
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
Continuing to reel under the impact of coal de-allocation by the Supreme Court, Sensex dipped 276 points to 26,468 on Thursday.
The benchmark index opened on the higher side at 26,809 against the previous close of 26,745. It made a high of 26,814 and low of 26,350 before closing at 26,468.
Turnover on BSE was down marginally at Rs 3,624 crore against Rs 3,653 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was down 91 points at 7,912.
Shares across sectors including banking, oil and gas and metal were down in a trade marked by high volatility as investors rolled over their position from near month to the October contract in the futures and options segment.
Bank stocks extended losses incurred in the previous day’s trading session on concern over bad loans due to their exposure to coal mines after the Supreme Court's decision cancelling most coal block allocations since 1993.
Among PSU banks that declined include Canara Bank (-5%), Union Bank of India (-7%), Bank of India (-8%), Punjab National Bank (-6%), Syndicate Bank (-8%), Indian Overseas Bank (-7%), Oriental Bank of Commerce (-8%), and Dena Bank (-4%).
State Bank of India fell four per cent to Rs 2,378 as the bank after market hours on Wednesday said the board has approved a 10-for-1 stock split.
Andhra Bank tumbled 12 per cent to Rs 64 on reports that it has a loan exposure of Rs 4,346 crore to companies whose coal blocks were cancelled by the Supreme Court.
Major gainers were Aurobindo Pharma (8%), Infratel (5%), Dr Reddy’s (3%) and TCS (2%).
Prominent losers were JP Associate (-19%), JP Power (-14%), JP Infratec (-13%),
IDBI (-11%), Financial Technologies (-10%), Strides Arcolab (-10%), HDIL (-9%) and Adani Power (-9%).
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Live: Important for us to succeed in  Make in India  for global competitiveness says Mukesh AmbaniE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi greets nation forNavratriPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 11:34 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi this Wednesday morning greeted people on the occasion of the holy period of Navratri, saying may Maa Jagdamba keep inspiring us to serve the poorest of the poor.
“As the auspicious festival of Navratri begins, I convey my warm greetings to everyone. We bow to Maa Jagdamba and seek her blessings. May Maa Jagdamba enrich our lives with strength, well-being, good health and may she keep inspiring us to serve the poorest of the poor,” the Prime Minister said in his message.
As the auspicious festival of Navratri begins, I convey my warm greetings to everyone. We bow to Maa Jagdamba & seek her blessings.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 25, 2014
May Maa Jagdamba enrich our lives with strength, well-being, good health & may she keep inspiring us to serve the poorest of the poor.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 25, 2014
The holy period of Navratri commences today and will conclude on Oct. 2.

First image of Mars sent from Mangalyaan: The view is nice uphereNASA congratulated ISRO for its Mars arrival.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 11:18 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:02 pm
A day after ISRO’s Mangalyaan reached the Mars orbit, the spacecraft has sent the very first image whose caption reads, “The view is nice up here.”
India scripted space history on Wednesday as the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) successfully inserted its low-cost Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft, or Mangalyaan , into an orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt.
The first image sent from Mars Orbiter. (Source: ISRO)
This puts ISRO in the elite league of NASA, the European Space Agency and the erstwhile Soviet Union for carrying out successful missions to Mars.
 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 25, 2014
The insertion into Mars’s orbit went perfectly as planned, with the spacecraft executing on cue the time tagged commands loaded to its computer system 10 days ago by mission scientists from the Mission Operations Centre (MOX) at ISRO’s Telemetry, Tracking and Command (ISTRAC) facility in Peenya in north Bangalore.

Australian terror suspect may not have actedaloneA forensic officer documents objects including a blanket at the scene of a fatal shooting at Endeavour Hills Police Station in Melbourne, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Sydney | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:52 am
A terror suspect shot dead after he stabbed two Australian counterterrorism police officers may not have been acting alone as originally thought, a lead investigator said Thursday.
Numan Haider, 18, was killed Tuesday after he stabbed two officers during a meeting outside a Melbourne police station. Police initially said Haider appeared to be working on his own, but Victoria Police Chief Commissioner Ken Lay said new information suggests that might not be the case.
“There’s some information that he was certainly talking to other people around the time that he came to the police station,” Lay told Australian Broadcasting Corp. “It’s just a little unclear to us at the moment whether there were actually people at the police station with him, whether they dropped him off, whether they were waiting for him.”
Haider caught authorities’ attention about three months ago, after police say he began displaying a series of troubling behaviors, including waving what appeared to be an Islamic State flag at a shopping center. His passport was canceled about a week ago on national security grounds.
Lay said police visited Haider’s home earlier Tuesday to set up the meeting. When the three met outside the station Tuesday night, they exchanged handshakes before Haider began stabbing the officers. Police say one of the officers then fired at Haider, killing him. A second knife was later found on Haider’s body, police said.
The Victorian police officer who was stabbed was expected to leave the hospital on Thursday, Justice Minister Michael Keenan told Parliament. The federal police officer, who received the most severe injuries, remained hospitalized but was doing well, Keenan said.
Some experts suspect the attack was inspired by the Islamic State group’s recent call to supporters to wage terrorism in their home countries.
In an address to the United Nations on foreign fighters, Prime Minister Tony Abbott blamed Islamic State for the attack, describing the group as a “death cult” that had “declared war on the world.”
“It’s hard to image that citizens of a pluralist democracy could have succumbed to such delusions, yet clearly they have,” Abbott said.
Earlier this month, Australia raised its terror warning to the second-highest level, citing the domestic threat posed by Islamic State supporters. Last week, police detained 16 people in counterterrorism raids in Sydney and charged one with conspiring with an Islamic State leader in Syria to behead a random person.

India has potential to become biggest car ma...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Stating India has the potential to become the biggest car manufacturer of the world, country's top car maker Maruti Suzuki today hoped factors adversely affecting competitiveness of manufacturing will be removed quickly, in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call to make India a manufacturing hub.
"Costs of production in India increase because of various government policies, procedures, regulations and the way some of the laws are implemented," said Kenichi Ayukawa , Managing Director and CEO, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd , at the 'Make in India' campaign.
Stating that India is not the easiest country to do business in, he said, "We are fully confident that, under the Make in India programme of the Prime Minister, factors that adversely affect the competitiveness of manufacturing will now be removed quickly," he said adding India will then become one of the most competitive manufacturing countries in the world.
Welcoming Modi's call to 'Make in India', he said Maruti Suzuki was amongst the very first multi-national corporation companies to start a major manufacturing operation in India in 1983.
"Over 30 years ago, Osamu Suzuki, Chairman, Suzuki Motor Corporation, recognised the potential of India, both as a market and as a country where high quality manufacturing was possible," he said, adding globally, Maruti Suzuki is the most successful venture of Suzuki group.
Full coverage: PM rolls out 'Make in India' plan
He said the cars Maruti Suzuki makes in India are lower in costs than similar products made by it in other parts of the world.
This enabled Maruti to start exporting cars in 1986 to several countries including western Europe. Suzuki Japan made India its manufacturing hub for compact car Zen in 1994 for export to European countries.
Since 1983, Maruti has been making special efforts to develop a vibrant component manufacturing industry in India.
"This, along with the rapidly growing car production and demand, with high local content, and low costs, was largely responsible for all the major car manufacturers of the world establishing production facilities in India," he said.
The growth of the car industry also attracted investments from a large number of global automotive component manufacturers.
"Our experience with Indian managers, engineers and work force, despite an exception in 2012, has been excellent. We have been able to effectively implement work practices based on our Japanese experience, but suitably modified for India, that have resulted in continuous growth of productivity , improvements in quality and lower costs," he said.
India continues to be a major exporter of Suzuki branded cars. Other car manufacturers have also made India one of their manufacturing hubs for exports. Car exports from India have reached the levels of around six lakh units annually.
"This has been achieved despite the well recognised fact that India is not the easiest country to do business in," he added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Campaign to combat plastic menaceUpdated: September 25, 2014 11:32 IST
Campaign to combat plastic menace
D. Radhakrishnan
Tweet
The Hindu An anti plastic rally being held in Udhagamandalam,Tamilnadu on Wednesday. Photo: M. Sathyamoorthy
Green campaigners say that the ban can be made meaningful only by bringing about a mindset change among the violators
An anti-plastic awareness rally organised under the aegis of the municipality and the Pollution Control Board here on Wednesday evoked mixed reactions.
With students, officials and social activists being among the participants, the rally was flagged off near the Central bus stand by the Nilgiris Collector P. Sankar.
Municipal Commissioner K. Sivakumar told The Hindu that the objective was not only to enhance awareness about the harm various kinds of plastic items can cause to the environment and the people but also caution those who are in the habit of violating the ban imposed on such items.
In dealing with the problem the Nilgiris in general and Ooty in particular are models and plastic items below 40 microns are a rare sight.
However, no room will be given for complacency and fines will continue to be imposed on those who violate the ban. Repeat offenders will be dealt with stringently.
Meanwhile, observers contended that if the ban on plastic bags, cups, plates etc had been enforced strictly ever since it came into force around 2000, the Nilgiris would have become a totally plastic-free district many years ago.
Though the Federation of Trade Associations of the Nilgiris often appeals to all sections of the mercantile community to help tackle the plastic menace, consumers can still be seen with the banned carry bags in some places like the municipal market here and various tourist spots, including the Government Botanical Garden and the Ooty Lake.
Green campaigners, including Geetha Srinivasan, Convenor, Indian National Trust for Art, Culture and Heritage, opined that the ban can be made meaningful only by bringing about a mindset change among the violators. It is not possible for the district and civic authorities alone to combat the menace, they added.

Minor allies climb down  but no Sena-BJP deal yetComments
With just three days left for filing of nominations, the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was struggling to reach a consensus on sharing seats, though chances for a resolution brightened late on Wednesday.
Smaller allies who were unhappy with meagre number of seats offered, later softened and said they would be satisfied with 14. “We are ready to accept 14 seats instead of 18 to keep the alliance intact,” said the RSP’s Mahadev Jankar late on Wednesday.
Following this, the two major allies will work out their seat-sharing. If the Sena retains 150 or 151, the BJP will have to be happy with 123 or 124 seats. The details were still being discussed at the time of going to press.
BJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
In the rival camp, the Congress and the NCP were finding it difficult to work out a pact. This follows the NCP’s demand for sharing the chief ministership for two and a half years each, if the alliance returns to power.
Read: Minor allies want more seats, BJP-Sena talks deadlocked again
After the smaller allies threatened to quit the alliance saying they were getting a raw deal, the Sena-BJP tried to placate them with some additional seats as well as promises of a share in power.
Three of the smaller allies — the Swabhimaan Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), the Shiv Sangram, and the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP) -- accused the Sena-BJP of sacrificing them for their own interests. Things took a serious turn on Wednesday as the allies threatened to quit the Mahayuti (grand alliance) and form a parallel alliance to contest elections. They said the decision of the Sena-BJP to reduce their share considerably from the original 18 was a betrayal. “They conveniently used us [in the Lok Sabha polls] and are now dumping us,” said SSS leader Sadabhau Khot.
The delay in pacifying the smaller allies was also because of one-upmanship between the Sena and the BJP. While the Sena stood on prestige and said it would not contest less than 151 seats, the BJP put pressure for five more seats. Through the day, the BJP encouraged smaller allies to push the Sena for more seats.
There was a series of meetings but consensus could not be worked out. Shiv Sena sources said Uddhav Thackeray told leaders of the smaller alliance parties that he had already parted with 18 seats from the 169 that his party had contested in 2009 and that now it was between them and the BJP. After its meeting with smaller allies, the BJP said talks were going on in a positive note. “We will not let down the allies. The talks are going on well,” said Devendra Phadnavis, state BJP chief.
Meanwhile, the negotiations in the ruling camp came to a standstill with NCP going into a huddle and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan leaving for his home constituency Karad for the day. It is believed that the Congress through informal channels conveyed its offer of 124 seats plus another 4 seats (where the party has not won in the last 3 elections). Sources in the party said that it was waiting for the NCP to get back.
Read: Amit Shah's Mumbai visit cancelled amid seat sharing impasse
The NCP had upped its demand for 144 seats by also staking claim on the CM post for two and a half years if the alliance came to power. The partners may stitch together an agreement by Thursday with the NCP contesting 128 to 130 seats.
Meanwhile, the parties are likely to start releasing lists of candidates on Thursday except for the seats in dispute with their allies. It is also likely that several sitting MLAs will be asked by their parties to file nominations without waiting for the official list. For instance, the NCP’s minister of state Sachin Ahir and spokesperson Nawab Malik are the key leaders who will file their nominations.
Meanwhile, BJP national president Amit Shah will be coming to the city on Thursday for a function at Uttan.

Manufacturing can add 9 cr jobs in next 10 yrs: ICICI Bk s KochharSep 25, 2014, 03.16 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Make in India to develop nation as mfg superpower: Modi
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Make in India to develop nation as mfg superpower: Modi
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development.
Post your opinion here
 
PM Modi wraps up his address for Make in India campaign by delivering Navratri wishes to the nation.
12:35 pm: Whether state or central government, we will proactively take up the role of being a facilitator of exports. Investors who are thinking of leaving, should abandon such thoughts. This is not a political agenda, but an article of faith, says PM Modi
“This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as MNCs,” PM says to industrialists.
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development
“There is a new era of economic growth that is in Asia and we have to see how to make it India's, he adds.
12: 25 pm: In Asia only India has democracy, demographic dividend and demand that the world's industry is seeking, he adds.
Nobody can question India's talent after India's successful maiden visit to Mars, says Modi while congratulating ISRO, whose Mangalyaan rocket is now orbiting Mars.
"I do not only talk about good governance, I talk about effective governance," says Modi. We have the 'Look East' policy and at the same time we have 'Link West' too, adds PM.
12:15 pm: "Belief and trust in people is the most important thing a government can give its citizens," Modi adds. He says FDI for Indians is a responsibility while for the rest of the world it is an opportunity.
His definition for FDI is First Develop India
Emphasising on the need for jobs, Modi says India must create opportunities of employment for if the poor get jobs the purchasing power of families will increase and this will increase consumption demand in the country.
He urges corporates to not just view India as a market but rather as an opportunity.
"The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite, I need to give the address," adds PM Modi.
12:02: PM Modi says he does not want to see any company leave India. We have been able to bring about a change in the last few months, adds Modi.
He says he is glad to see Indian industry is convinced of this government's commitment.
Modi further says there were apprehensions about previous government's policies. Make In India campaign will give thrust to manufacturing in India, he adds.
FDI is also a responsibility of the people of India, he says.
11:48 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches 'Make in India' campaign
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today unveiled the 'Make in India' logo as well the brochure which covers India's national manufacturing policy along with 25 sectors that will be covered under the MakeInIndia plan.
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
11:40 am: We believe India is the epicentre of innovation though many innovatpors do not have the way to take their innovations abroad, says Phil Shaw, CEO of Lockheed Martin India.
With a supportive government in India, as we do have here, we can do a lot more, adds Shaw.
Meanwhile, ITC's Yc Deveshwar says India has suffered from jobless growth and consumption in the last 5 years which is not sustainable and is a recipe of disaster. Deveshwar praised Modi for identifying the right strategy to eliminate the ailments that the Indian economy has been suffering from.
He adds the biggest beneficiaries of Make in India will be the youth. Currently 12 million youth come to the market every year, but only 2 million jobs are created.
11:30 am: What is being launched today at the Make in India campaign will be the next growth driver for India and creater of jobs, said ICICI Bank CEO and MD, Chanda Kochhar.
"Manufacturers and bankers would like to ensure that whatever gets made in India is the best product available globally, at competitive cost and is sustainable," said Kochhar.
India's indigenous science and skills is now orbiting Mars in just USD 74 million compared to more than USD 650 million by NASA for a similar mission, she said.
On employment, Kochhar said manufacturing has the potential to add 9 crore jobs in the next ten years.
India Inc needs sector-specific policies, skills development, says Chanda Kochhar
ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar pledges support to PM's #MakeinIndia campaign
She further adds that manufacturing will strengthen the macro-economic stability of the country and India needs to improve ease of doing business and access to infrastructure.
11:20 am: Wipro founder Azim Premji says products made in India are suitable for all climates. Indian products reflect low-cost innovative designs, he adds. Premji further says
competitiveness comes from outthinking others.
"Our manufacturing facilities consist of 13 around the world of which 5 are in India."
Meanwhile, Kumar Mangalam Birla of the Birla Group said it is high time India become a preferred  choice for global companies as a manufacturing hub and not just an IT hub.
"Manufacturing has to become the next big wave for us," he adds.
11: 10 am: Praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his leadership, chairman of Reliance Industries, Mukesh Ambani said Modi's unique leadership quality is that he dreams and does a the same time, working over 14 hours a day and at the same time motivating  over a billion Indians to dream and do.
RIL chief Mukesh Ambani addresses the gathering, says, "Today is a historic day for the Indian industry."
He also adds that it is important that India is open to foreign capital and expertise.
"We commit ourselves to 'Make in India' movement," says RIL chief Mukesh Ambani during the campaign launch.
'Make in India' is an opportunity given to thousands of Indians, he adds Mukesh Ambani
Reliance Industries to create 1.25 lakh jobs in next 12-15 months, says Mukesh Ambani.
11: 05 am: Kenichi Ayukawa of Maruti Suzuki addresses the gathering, says, "We realised the potential of India very early."
11:00 am: Under leadership of PM Modi, 'Make in India' is bringing together industry and government: Cyrus Mistry
Cyrus Mistry of Tata Sons addresses the gathering, says, "India has 2 strategic advantages- our human capital and a market which affords scale and growth."
10: 55 am: Fully committed to make India a global manufacturing hub: Sitharaman
'Make in India' is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with single minded commitment, about new processes: Sitharaman.
10: 45 am: Commerce & Industries Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad share the dais with PM at the launch function
10:35 am: Modi, in his maiden Independence Day speech, had made a pitch to improve India's manufacturing to create jobs to revive growth. A month and half later, the government is launching the initiative both at national and state level.
10:34 am: Top industrialists including Chanda Kochchar, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Azim Premji and Kiran Majumdar Shaw arrive at the launch of 'Make in India' campaign.
10:31 am: The campaign is expected to give a collective thrust to manufacturing in India and will seek greater foreign investment in the country.
10:30 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the much awaited 'Make in India' campaign in New Delhi today.
10: 16 am Mukesh Ambani, Azim Premji at Make In India campaign launch
10:13 am Cyrus Mistry, KM Birla to attend launch of Make In India campaign
10:13 an RC Bhargava, YC Deveshwar attend Make In India campaign launch
RELATED NEWS

Satya Miners: Outcome of AGMSep 25, 2014, 11.29 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Satya Miners: Outcome of AGM
Satya Miners & Transporters Ltd has informed BSE that the 39th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 24, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Satya Miners: Outcome of AGM
Satya Miners & Transporters Ltd has informed BSE that the 39th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 24, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Satya Miners & Transporters Ltd has informed BSE that the 39th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 24, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

China  Spain to sign business deals worth $3.8 billionChina  Spain to sign business deals worth $3.8 billion
Buy USD/INR Sept contract in 60.85-60.95 range: ICICIdirectBuy USD/INR Sept contract in 60.85-60.95 range: ICICIdirect
Govt unveils  Make in India  campaign to make country global manufacturing hubGovt unveils  Make in India  campaign to make country global manufacturing hub
Live: Global CEOs laud Modi at Make in India mega launchLive: Global CEOs laud Modi at Make in India mega launch
FOREX-Euro wilts after Draghi says ready for further stepsFOREX-Euro wilts after Draghi says ready for further steps
Oil and gas stocks slip as gas price hike decision deferredOil and gas stocks slip as gas price hike decision deferred
Coal India stock up...Govt to auction coal blocks within six monthsCoal India stock up...Govt to auction coal blocks within six months
Punjab Alkalies & Chemicals announces divestment decisionPunjab Alkalies & Chemicals announces divestment decision
Give people worst-hit by climate change a voice: activistsGive people worst-hit by climate change a voice: activists
India has potential to become worlds biggest car maker: Maruti Suzuki CEOIndia has potential to become world’s biggest car maker: Maruti Suzuki CEO
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 25:  
Stating India has the potential to become the biggest car manufacturer of the world, the country’s top car maker Maruti Suzuki today hoped factors adversely affecting the competitiveness of manufacturing will be removed quickly, in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call to make India a manufacturing hub.
“Costs of production in India increase because of various government policies, procedures, regulations and the way some of the laws are implemented,” Kenichi Ayukawa, Managing Director and CEO, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, said at the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
Stating that India is not the easiest country to do business in, he said, “We are fully confident that, under the Make in India programme of the Prime Minister, factors that adversely affect the competitiveness of manufacturing will now be removed quickly,” he said adding India will then become one of the most competitive manufacturing countries in the world.
Welcoming Modi’s call to ‘Make in India’, he said Maruti Suzuki was among the very first multi-national companies to start a major manufacturing operation in India in 1983.
“Over 30 years ago, Osamu Suzuki, Chairman, Suzuki Motor Corporation, recognised the potential of India, both as a market and as a country where high quality manufacturing was possible,” he said, adding globally, Maruti Suzuki is the most successful venture of Suzuki group.
He said the cars Maruti Suzuki makes in India are lower in costs than similar products made by it in other parts of the world.
This enabled Maruti to start exporting cars in 1986 to several countries, including western Europe. Suzuki Japan made India its manufacturing hub for compact car Zen in 1994 for export to European countries.
Since 1983, Maruti has been making special efforts to develop a vibrant component manufacturing industry in India.
“This, along with the rapidly growing car production and demand, with high local content, and low costs, was largely responsible for all the major car manufacturers of the world establishing production facilities in India,” he said.
The growth of the car industry also attracted investments from a large number of global automotive component manufacturers.
“Our experience with Indian managers, engineers and workforce, despite an exception in 2012, has been excellent. We have been able to effectively implement work practices based on our Japanese experience, but suitably modified for India, that have resulted in continuous growth of productivity, improvements in quality and lower costs,” he said.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Asian shares erase initial gains as Wall Street cheer fizzles out  kiwi slidesAsian shares erase initial gains as Wall Street cheer fizzles out, kiwi slides
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 25:  
Asian stocks slipped on Thursday, giving back earlier gains as initial cheer from a rebound on Wall Street fizzled out, while the New Zealand dollar hit a one-year low when the central bank governor decried the currency's recent strength.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.3 per cent, edging towards a four-month low hit the previous day on geopolitical jitters.
Tokyo's Nikkei retained earlier momentum and rose 1.1 per cent, heartened as the yen resumed its weakening against the dollar.
US housing data, Fed statement
Wall Street rebounded broadly overnight, buoyed by strong US housing data and dovish statements from a top Federal Reserve official.
The New Zealand dollar hit a one-year low of $0.7995 after Reserve Bank of New Zealand Governor Graeme Wheeler repeated his warning that the exchange rate is unsustainable and at unjustified levels.
"The statement itself was another intervention threat. The Reserve Bank is saying that even down at these levels the kiwi is too high," said Imre Speizer, currency strategist at Westpac.
Kiwi climbs to 3-year high
The kiwi had climbed to a three-year peak of $0.8839 in July, boosted by prospects of further rate hikes by the RBNZ.
The US dollar, rejuvenated after benchmark US Treasury yields rose for the first time in four days and as the euro slumped to fresh lows, edged closer to a six-year high versus the yen.
Dollar, euro
The dollar traded as high as 109.34 yen, and a break above 109.46 would take the greenback to a high not seen since 2008.
The dollar index, a gauge of the greenback's strength against a basket of major currencies, hit a four-year high of 85.163.
The euro slumped to a fresh 14-month trough of 1.2764 , retaining downward momentum after dropping overnight on poor German data and statements by European Central Bank President Mario Draghi indicating that the monetary policy would be kept loose for an extended period.
The Australian dollar fell to $0.8818, its lowest since early February, suffering collateral damage from the kiwi's sharp fall.
Reserve Bank of Australia Governor Glenn Stevens is due to give a brief speech that could potentially offer trading insights, but he is not scheduled to take questions.
For broader cues, the financial markets are eyeing US jobless claims and durable goods numbers due later in the day for potential impact on yields and currencies.
In a week filled with appearances by U.S. central bank officials, investors await Atlanta Fed president Dennis Lochart's speech due at 1730 GMT.
In commodities, Brent crude steadied near $97 a barrel after bouncing from its lowest in 26 months, but abundant supply continued to drag on prices.
Brent was down 17 cents at 96.78 a barrel.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

US Fed keeps rates unchangedSave this video
Copy URL
The Federal Reserve said it was leaving its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.00-0.25% and added it would likely close its monthly bond-buying program in October.
18

From global leaders to top CEOs  PM Narendra Modi to undertake over 50 engagements on US visitEconomy
From global leaders to top CEOs, PM Narendra Modi to undertake over 50 engagements on US visit
PTI | Washington, New York | Updated:  Sep 23 2014, 13:37  IST
Sep 23 2014, 13:37  IST
 

NPPA rolls back decision to bring 108 drugs under price control regulationHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NPPA rolls back decision to bring 108 drugs under price control regulation
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
The National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Authority (NPPA) has decided to roll back its earlier decision to bring about 108 non-scheduled drugs meant for the treatment of lifestyle diseases such as heart disease and diabetes under price control.
According to an internal guideline issued by the Authority, this step has been taken in line with the directive of the Department of Pharmaceuticals under the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilisers.
This move comes soon after the Delhi High Court instructed the Government and the pharmaceutical companies to resolve the matter expeditiously since it impacts people.
The pharmaceutical associations challenged the move by NPPA to cap the price of 108 drugs by an order on May 29. The Authority had invoked Paragraph 19, DPCO, to extend the controlled regime to medicines which don't fall under the National List of Essential Medicines.
Under Paragraph 19, DPCO, the NPPA has the authority to extend price control over medicines outside of the essential medicines list in “extraordinary circumstances” and in the “public interest”.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex recovers 50 pts in early trade on select buyingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian midcaps  valuations at historical highs  says UBSE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Timeline of the Mars Orbiter Mission as it completed its 300-day journeyWhile the test Firing of Main Liquid Engine of Mars Orbiter Spacecraft happened on 22-09-2014, Mangalyaan entered Mars orbit successfully today.
ET SPECIAL:
Here's the timeline of Mars Orbiter Mission.
05-11-2013: PSLV-C25 , in its twenty fifth flight, successfully launches Mars Orbiter Mission Spacecraft from SDSC SHAR Sriharikota
07-11-2013: The first orbit raising manoeuvre of Mars Orbiter Spacecraft, starting at 01:17 hrs(IST) on Nov 07, 2013 successfully completed
08-11-2013: The second orbit raising manoeuvre of Mars Orbiter Spacecraft, starting at 02:18:51 hrs(IST), with a burn time of 570.6 seconds successfully completed. The observed change in Apogee is from 28814 km to 40186 km
09-11-2013: The third orbit raising manoeuvre of Mars Orbiter Spacecraft, starting at 02:10:43 hrs(IST) on Nov 09, 2013, with a burn time of 707 seconds successfully completed. The observed change in Apogee is from 40186km to 71636km.
11-11-2013: In the fourth orbit-raising operation conducted on Nov 11, 2013 the apogee (farthest point to Earth) of Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was raised from 71,623 km to 78,276 km by imparting an incremental velocity of 35 metres/second (as against 130 metres/second originally planned to raise apogee to about 100,000 [1 lakh] km). The spacecraft is in normal health.
12-11-2013: Fourth supplementary orbit raising manoeuvre of Mars Orbiter Spacecraft, starting at 05:03:50 hrs(IST) on Nov 12, 2013, with a burn Time of 303.8 seconds successfully completed. The observed change in Apogee is from 78276km to 118642km.
16-11-2013: The fifth orbit raising manoeuvre of Mars Orbiter Spacecraft, starting at 01:27 hrs(IST) on Nov 16, 2013, with a burn Time of 243.5 seconds successfully completed. The observed change in Apogee is from 118642km to 192874km.
01-12-2013: Medium Gain Antenna of the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft is powered for long distance communication, subsequent to successful Trans Mars Injection (TMI) manoeuvre. Trans Mars Injection (TMI) operations completed successfully. The liquid engine burn time was 1328.89 sec and the imparted incremental velocity was 647.96 m/sec.
02-12-2013: Spacecraft has travelled a distance of 5,36,000 km by 17:00 hrs (IST) of Dec 2, 2013. It has crossed the distance to Moon's orbit around Earth (mean distance 3,85,000 km) this morning.
04-12-2013: Spacecraft has traversed beyond the Sphere of Influence (SOI) of Earth extending about 9,25,000 km at around 1:14 hrs (IST) on Dec 4, 2013.
11-12-2013: The first Trajectory Correction Manoeuvre (TCM) of Spacecraft was carried out successfully at 06:30 hrs (IST) by firing the 22 Newton Thrusters for a duration of 40.5 seconds. The spacecraft is travelling at a distance of about 29 lakh (2.9 million) km away from Earth.11-02-2014: 100 Days Of Mars Orbiter Spacecraft.
09-04-2014: Mars Orbiter Spacecraft Crosses Half Way Mark of its Journey.
12-06-2014: The second Trajectory Correction Manoeuvre (TCM-2) of India's Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was successfully performed on June 11, 2014 at 1630 hrs IST. TCM-2 was performed by firing the spacecraft's 22 Newton thrusters for a duration of 16 seconds.
16-09-2014: Time-tagged commands to execute Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) uploaded.
17-09-2014: Uploading of commands for Fourth Trajectory Correction Manoeuver and test-firing of Main Liquid Engine (scheduled for Sep 22, 2014) is in progress.
22-09-2014: Test Firing of Main Liquid Engine of Mars Orbiter Spacecraft is successful.
24-09-2014: Mangalyaan enters Mars orbit.

PM s US visit: Narendra Modi s America trip is all about business(Narendra Modi's visit to…)
By: Seema Sirohi
The real story about the visit by the leader who until recently could not be named in official America is the turnaround in sentiment about India. But then whoever accused the Americans of missing a business opportunity? They can smell that the business of Narendra Modi is business and they are willing to give him the once over.
If it means using all means necessary to get into one of the many business meetings on his schedule, so be it. Gentle reminder: they also use all means necessary to undercut India when they don't get designer policies stitched to their liking. And use the US government as their megaphone. But back to the excitement they currently feel. A well-informed psychologist of Indo-US relations called it a "complete mood swing."
Investment flows to India have improved which probably had a positive impact on US corporates' depression index on India. The buzz is that some big-time US tycoons even tried to muscle their way into the private dinner Barack Obama is hosting for Modi on Septembe 29 but were politely told it was "very exclusive" and open only to a few cabinet members like commerce secretary Penny Pritzker and defence secretary Chuck Hagel. So the Washington-based business luminaries made a beeline for the "semi-private" meeting Modi will have with corporate heavyweights before he addresses a larger gathering at the US-India Business Council. The interest is high, the space limited or so the organisers claim.
Companies have been told to send only one executive per corporation for Modi's speech and none below a "certain level." In fact, the visit is definitely weighted on the business side not the "joint statement" side, meaning the long, paragraph-by-paragraph recounting of "the two sides agreed to.... x,y, z" only to forget most of the recount on the trip home. But to be fair, old joint statements can be thrown in the face of opponents to great effect. Oh OK, back to business. Modi will likely spend most waking hours on the five-day visit whipping up enthusiasm among the sceptics to generate investments for India.
He seems to have no inhibitions of Indian leaders of times before. Both current New York Mayor Bill de Blasio and former mayor Michael Bloomberg will call on him to share ideas about smart cities. A meeting with Modi has become a hot-ish ticket even for the jaded Wall Street types. Requests are in high volume but we know the Animal Farm rule. All CEOs are equal but some are more equal than others.
Six biggies, including those of GE, Boeing, BlackRock, Merck and Citigroup, will have one-onone time with India's CEO while a small (but equally exclusive) group of 17 others will have a round-table meeting. The who's who of the corporate world will be present - from Abbot to Cargill to Pepsico to the Carlyle Group. But it could be a tough give and take. BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager and claims to have deep roots in "every region" of the world with 11,000 employees. Bhai, phir Bharat mein aur paise lagaeeye, na.
But BlackRock funds have reduced their exposure to India and advised clients to wait for policy delivery by Modi. GE is old hand in India, marking its presence way back in 1902 but it also hasn't felt any growth pangs lately. It makes everything from jet engines to light bulbs and has 15,000 employees spread across India. But get this - GE makes the same revenue (about $2 billion) in Brazil with half the employees. Growth has been flat for three years, thanks to the policy paralysis in Delhi. India no longer feels like a special place.
To you and me, a $2-billion return on a $460-million investment may seem plenty but a little birdie tells me that GE's future investment plans are likely to focus on Africa, even Saudi Arabia and Algeria. Modi has the tough job of convincing them otherwise and to continue to "make in India."
FEATURED ARTICLES

UN General Assembly address  dinner with Obama  PM Modi has 35 engagements in USBan Ki-Moon
(He would also be meeting…)
NEW DELHI/WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a packed schedule of 35 engagements, including an address to the UN General Assembly and a much-anticipated summit meeting with US President Barack Obama , during his Sep 26-30 visit to the US.
Modi, who would be observing the nine-day Navratri fast during his trip, would also be holding three bilateral meetings with neighbours - Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa, Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala and Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina.
He would also be meeting the UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon , New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, and former US president Bill Clinton and his wife and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton .
Modi would be meeting the CEOs of Fortune 500 US companies, including Boeing, Pepsico, Google, General Electric and Goldman Sachs among others and also hold one-on-one meetings with some of them.
His visit to Washington, Sep 29-30, would also see a dinner date with President Obama on Sep 29.
Trade and investment, energy, science and technology, defence and security are expected to be the areas of focus during their talks. Both sides would seek to give much-needed impetus to the flagging bilateral relationship during the meeting.
This is Modi's maiden visit to the US since becoming prime minister and it would also be his first interaction with Obama.
Modi has held successful diplomatic meetings with the leaders of China, Japan, and Australia besides a whole lot of diplomatic interactions with other countries so far. The US visit is being looked forward to as the US had slapped a ban on Modi's entry in the aftermath of the 2002 Gujarat riots, in which over 1,000 people, mainly Muslims were killed while he was chief minister.
Early this year, the US sought a rapprochement with him when it became clear that Modi was set to become the leader of the country of 1.2 billion people.
To a question about the US' earlier boycott of Modi, external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said that the prime minister "looks forward and not backward" in a relationship.
Modi is also to pay homage at the 9/11 memorial in New York and meet 300 members of the Indian American business community. He would also address a few thousand of the large Indian community at Madison Square.
His interactions in the US would be with the US political leaders, and administration, with the business community, civil society, with the US states and cities and the vibrant Indian diaspora, said Akbaruddin.
He said India expects "substantive outcome" from Modi's visit to the US. While in Washington, Modi would also meet Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry, Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel and House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner among others.
Modi's address at the UN General Assembly is expected to address issues important to India, including expansion and reform of the UN Security Council, especially keeping in mind the 70th anniversary of the UN that falls in 2015 and on its peacekeeping operations. India is one of the largest contributors to the UN peacekeeping force.
Modi is also to meet members of the Sikh community while in New York.While the Indian American community is enthusiastic about welcoming Modi, a Sikh human rights group plans to indict him right when he is holding his Sep 30 summit with President Obama.
Rights group Sikhs For Justice (SFJ) has planned black flag rallies and a "Citizens' Court" to try Modi for his alleged role in the 2002 Gujarat riots.
The indictment proceedings for "attacks on religious minorities in India" would be "conducted in a replica court room set up in the President's Park right in the front of the White House", and telecast live throughout the US, SFJ announced.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra situation good  saffron horses unstoppableAmit Shah
("What news is there if the…)
MUMBAI: In first signs of a thaw in the saffron alliance after a tense stand-off over seat-sharing for Maharashtra Assembly polls, Shiv Sena today said the situation in the state is "good" and the "horses of Sena-BJP are running fast and are unstoppable" against "Congress-NCP mules".
Sena, in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'Saamana', also blamed "some in the media" for wanting the alliance to snap.
"The situation in Maharashtra is good. The horses of Sena-BJP are running fast and are unstoppable. There is no value of Congress-NCP mules," it said even as leaders of the two parties today came together in front of the media for the first time in several days and asserted both wanted the alliance to continue.
"What news is there if the alliance remains? But there is certainly news if it snaps. That is why, some in media are waiting for the alliance to snap," the editorial said.
"It is said that there is betting of Rs 100-500 crore on whether 'Mahayuti' alliance will remain or break," it said, adding "media is now part of this betting. A section is waiting for the alliance to break so that it can be sensational news."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra polls: Cong-NCP leaders fail to break deadlock over seat-sharingAjit Pawar
(Senior party leader and…)
MUMBAI: With just four days left before nominations for Maharashtra Assembly polls come to a close, the state's ruling Congress-NCP combine today failed to iron out their differences on seat-sharing as the two sides refused to resile on the number of seats each wants to contest.
In the first direct talks between senior leaders of the two parties since the meeting between Congress President Sonia Gandhi and NCP chief Sharad Pawar on August 6, Congress reiterated its offer of 124 seats to its ally of 15 years, which the latter refused to accept.
Though Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan declined to divulge what transpired in the meeting, Congress' election campaign committee chief Narayan Rane said NCP was offered 124 seats, the same number it had contested in 2004.
Defending the offer, Chavan said, "In 2009 we got double the seats in Lok Sabha polls so NCP gave us 10 more seats in Assembly. In 2014, NCP got double the seats than us in Lok Sabha so we will give those many seats (ten) back."
NCP has been insisting on contesting half of the state's 288 seats. Congress had contested 174 seats in the last poll and NCP 114.
Senior party leader and a Sharad Pawar confidant, Praful Patel had said yesterday after NCP's Core Committee meeting that Congress's proposal was "unacceptable".
Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar , state NCP chief Sunil Tatkare, senior leader Chhagan Bhujbal and Patel held talks with Chavan, Maharashtra Congress President Manikrao Thakre and campaign committee chief Rane at the Chief Minister's official residence this morning which remained inconclusive.
With no headway in seat-sharing talks in sight, Congress said it will not be responsible for a split in the alliance and asked NCP to accept the seat-sharing proposal mooted by it.
"We hope the NCP will accept our proposal. If we take two steps forward to resolve the deadlock, we want our ally to do the same...we will not be responsible for any (possible) break up (of the alliance)," Thakre told reporters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India  campaign launch to involve 25 govt deptsYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Modi's 'Make in India' campaign launch to harness efforts of 25 government departments
ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The launch will be attended…)
NEW DELHI: The high-profile launch of 'Make in India' campaign by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 25 before he leaves for his landmark visit to the United States will see ministers heading 25 central departments line up to give a collective thrust to manufacturing and seek greater foreign investment.
"The prime minister has involved all ministries related to manufacturing. Each will carry out back-end work related to ease of doing business. The focus will be on 25 sectors and the respective ministries - heavy industries, telecom, power and others - have been involved. It will be a holistic integration of perspective on manufacturing," said an official of the department of industrial policy and promotion.
Stakeholders including leading businessmen and CEOs of about 3,000 companies of 30 countries have been invited for the launch, which will be attended by finance minister Arun Jaitley; minister of state for finance, commerce & industry Nirmala Sitharaman; power minister Piyush Goyal, MSME minister Kalraj Mishra, labour minister Narendra Singh Tomar, textile minister Santosh Singh Gangwar and others.
Programmes will also be held in state capitals and Indian missions abroad, where the officials will engage with investors and consultants simultaneously.
The Centre's objective is to get manufacturing sector to grow over 10% on a sustainable basis in the long run. It has planned global outreach through a digital campaign. "We have liberalised the FDI regime. The idea is to send across the message to foreign investors that India is becoming a better place to do business," said the official cited earlier, requesting anonymity.
All navratnas and the tourism department, among others, will be involved in the event, the official said. The PM will make a pitch to manufacture pharmaceuticals, auto components and biotech products, among others, in India. Food processing, IT, defence, electronics and textiles figure among the 25 sectors identified.
The campaign will be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore. "The idea is to involve states through a hub-andspoke model," the official added.
The DIPP and industry lobby Ficci have jointly set up an eight-member expert panel to address queries and concerns of investors within 48 hours. They will clarify Indian policies to the investors and suggest reforms to the Centre and states.
The launch will be attended by representatives of companies from countries such as the US, Japan, Korea, Sweden, Poland, Australia, China, Italy, Germany and France .
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi to launch Mission Swachh Bharat on October 2 by wielding a broomPM Narendra Modi to launch Mission Swachh Bharat on October 2 by wielding a broom
By TNN | 24 Sep, 2014, 08.33AM IST
Addressing a crowd of 5,000 people at HAL airport, Modi said he would launch Mission Swachh Bharat on Oct 2 by wielding a broom.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: In an ironic start to his visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi gave a clarion call for Swachh Bharat as soon as he touched down in Bangalore, a city battling an ignominious garbage problem.
Addressing a crowd of 5,000 people on Tuesday evening at HAL airport, Modi said he would launch Mission Swachh Bharat on October 2 by wielding a broom. "I beg every citizen of the country to pledge 100 hours a year towards cleanliness. This work cannot be done by the PM, CMs or ministers alone. Every citizen of the nation has to pledge to keep the country clean," Modi said in his first-ever address in Karnataka after taking charge of the country.
In a light grey jacket over a spotless white full-sleeved kurta, topped off by the traditional brocaded Mysore peta, Modi set off wows of appreciation among the women. As the peta was placed on his head, they whipped out their mobiles and started clicking photos. "Wow, he looks awesome," sighed some loudly. The number at the airport was restricted, with police permitting only 5,000 persons at the BJP's civic reception.
Replying to the felicitation, Modi said: "We crib about our cities not being clean, compared with Singapore, Dubai and London . If everyone takes a pledge not to dirty our cities, no one can come here and litter them.'' Seeking a response from the crowd, Modi asked if they would pledge 100 hours a year for the drive, and the crowd responded with a chant, "Yes, we will!"
Not stopping at this, the PM chose to give an example to drive home his point. He said families start cleaning the house around Diwali every year. "Why cannot this approach be adopted and extended to keeping localities clean? We clean our houses before guests come. Similarly, the country should be clean to welcome guests. India is changing and this should be our priority," he maintained.
Noting that September 25 is the birth anniversary of Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay, stalwart of the erstwhile Jan Sangh , he said he had been "a source of inspiration for all of us", and had decided to launch the campaign from September 25 to October 2.
Terming the country a jungle of laws, Modi said many legislations were antiquated and redundant and would be scrapped shortly. "If the government has to move fast and go in the right direction, even laws and acts have to be cleaned up. A special committee has been formed to identify these laws and soon they will be scrapped," he added.
Some of the laws that may be scrapped include the Foreign Jurisdiction Act, Indian Fisheries Act and Sugar Undertaking Act. At least 32 include the various amended laws that have no relevance anymore as they are already part of the principal bill. The Foreign Jurisdiction Act was enacted in 1947 and provided for the government to acquire jurisdiction in relation to areas outside India, which has no relevance anymore. "These outdated laws, instead of serving the process of governance, are leading to avoidable confusion," the PM said.
Modi said, "People are wondering whether the new government should be doing this (cleaning) work, but you will be surprised that I'm forced to do it."
Observing that the previous governments took pride in making laws, he said: "We made laws, but I've decided to end all those laws which are of no use. We have five to 10 laws on a single issue, laws which are over 100-150 years old, and people interprets them the way they want, and stop work. There should be a direction to work, a quickness to it," he said.

Google India: Partnering with Modi govt to accelerate Digital India programmDigital India programme
("E-commerce will be a $4…)
NEW DELHI: As Google India partners PM Narendra Modi-led NDA government for the 'Digital India' push, Rajan Anandan , MD of the internet giant's India division told ET Now that the company is focussed on improving internet access.
"We will be partnering with the Government of India to help accelerate their agenda around Digital India," he said. "One big pillar is making sure that hundreds of millions of Indian women get online and by being online they get empowered, are able improve to their livelihoods," he elaborated.
Another area of focus for Google as a part of the initiative is to build the non-English internet user base. "Only 150 million Indians are proficient in English. Almost 1.1 billion people are not proficient in English. We are very focussed on improving access, so we launched speech in Hindi," Anandan said. "We have launched nine open source fonts in Hindi. We will do many things around Hindi as well as other major Indian languages to build the non-English internet so that internet becomes very helpful," he added.
Talking about internet penetration in India, Anandan said, "The Indian internet is equivalent to where the Chinese internet was in the year 2006, maybe 2007. We are about seven years behind China when it comes to internet penetration, internet commerce, internet advertising."
Drawing a parallel between test cricket and internet use in India, he said, "We are still in the first over of a test match. The best is yet to come." "You will see a 10-fold, maybe a 100-fold increase in the activity both in terms of funding companies, number of companies, quality of companies," he added.
Asked about how Google India plans to capitalise on the e-commerce boom, Anandan said, "Our role is very focussed on helping these e-commerce companies get in touch with the users." "We will also work on ecosystem initiatives," he said.
"E-commerce this year will be about a $4 billion industry. That number will go to $50 billion by 2020. That is only six years away. It is a sector that is very exciting," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

It offers golden opportunity to repair India-US tiesAtal Bihari Vajpayee
(Modi's visit to Washington…)
WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit will provide a golden opportunity to both countries to repair the faltering bilateral ties though circumstances are not favourable, according to top American think-tanks.
Modi is scheduled to arrive in New York on September 26 to attend the annual session of the UN General Assembly. He will meet US President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29 and September 30.
"Prime Minister Narendra Modi's forthcoming visit to Washington will provide India and the US with a golden opportunity to repair their faltering partnership. The stakes are high, even if the circumstances today are not particularly propitious," Ashley Tellis of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace said yesterday in an article ahead of Modi's visit.
Tellis said if Modi's private remarks to visiting American officials recently are any indication, he seeks to end the current level of stagnation in bilateral ties.
"But his approach, which seemingly centres on soliciting huge international investments for important, high-profile projects at home, offers poor prospects for any deep US involvement that would quickly resuscitate joint cooperation between the two countries," he said.
Expectations are very high from the Modi-Obama meeting; the first between the two leaders.
"Modi has said all things are possible between India and America--even a strategic alliance. But the two countries still have much distance to travel to create one," said Daniel Twining, a senior fellow for Asia at the German Marshall Fund of the United States.
"An agenda for the Obama-Modi summit should encompass five critical areas for cooperation: defence, energy, trade and investment, the future of Afghanistan and the crisis in the Middle East," he added.
Writing in an article for the Wall Street Journal, he said: "The two leaders should embrace an agenda that strengthens their role as democratic and economic counterweights to growing global disorder."
"Washington and New Delhi should develop a joint plan to expand training of Afghan security forces and enhance India's stabilising economic and diplomatic role," he added.
Twining applauded Modi for boosting India's stock market up by 30 per cent, and surging growth to nearly six per cent.
Another think tank, Richard M Rossow writing for the Wadhwani Chair in US-India Policy Studies at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) noted that Modi's main agenda is creating a strong base for infrastructure and manufacturing industry.
"As evidenced by his tenure as the chief minister of Gujarat, as well as statements made since winning the national election, the Modi government will focus on building infrastructure to create a stronger manufacturing base," he said.
Tellis noted that the challenges cannot be resolved overnight or through a single visit by a prime minister who has had other reasons to nurse personal grievances against the United States, apparently referring to the denial of American visa following the 2002 Gujarat riots.
Yet, dismaying his many hard-line followers, Modi has reached out to Washington, warmly receiving a series of American dignitaries since assuming office in May, he said.
"The US vice president and secretary of state is expected to host an intense set of bilateral discussions to review the entire gamut of the relationship," he said.
It will therefore be no surprise if Modi's visit to Washington records further progress on, among other issues, cyber security and homeland security, defence, education, public health and human capital growth, energy and the environment, infrastructure and urban development, and civilian space and nuclear cooperation, he said.
Other ambitious initiatives including US decisions to partner with New Delhi on developing India's next-generation aircraft carrier, to sell India unconventional oil and gas, or to permit US companies to use Indian space launch services can be expected out of the meetings, he added.
The United States may also accelerate its efforts to complete India's integration into the multilateral nonproliferation regimes or decide to deepen meaningful cyber-defense cooperation with India, he added.
"Similarly, India could bring to the table important decisions to close on key projects subsumed by the Defense Trade and Technology Initiative or new solutions for overcoming the impasse over the nuclear liability law," Tellis said.
"India could show a renewed willingness to cooperate on salvaging the Doha round of global trade talks or advancing the common quest for mitigating climate change, or it could recommit to energetic liberalisation at home in ways that open the door for greater American private participation in India's economic growth," he wrote.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ISRO s Mars Orbiter Mission: 10 things to be proud ofTweet
Agencies
It's not every day that the nation witnesses historic moments! With ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) successfully entering the red planet's orbit, India has become the first country in the world to have achieved this feat in its maiden attempt.
Through its journey since November 5, 2013 when PSLV-C25 lifted off from Sriharikota with the spacecraft in its nosecone, MOM has had a perfect journey.
Nail-biting minutes marked the run-up to success and the MOM's journey was marked with several crucial heart-stopping moments. We take a look at some important details of the mission:

History scripted as Mars Orbiter Mission enters Mars orbit in first attemptIndia has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also cheapest such mission till now.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Creating history, ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) on Wednesday successfully entered the orbit of the red planet. With this, India has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also the cheapest such mission till now.
European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
At 7.17 AM, the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) sizzled with life as it burnt along with the thrusters to slow down the MOM spacecraft to be captured by the Red Planet.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi witnessed the historic moment from ISRO's centre. "MOM has met Mangal," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said annnouncing the mission's success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of Indian Space Research Organisation.
After successful launch PM Modi said, "India has become the first country to enter Mars orbit on a maiden mission." "History has been created today with India reaching Mars. ISRO has joined an elite group of countries to reach Mars," he said. "It was built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot."
"Our budget is even lesser than a Hollywood blockbuster. These will go down as landmarks in history," Modi added.
Watch:'India has successfully reached Mars'
An elated Prime Minister patted the back of ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and complimented the Indian space scientists for making space history.
With MOM successfully entering the red planet's orbit, ISRO on Wednesday also launched the MOM's official Twitter handle, @MarsOrbiter.
"What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit?" tweeted the official handle of ISRO's Mars Orbiter. "I'll be back after breakfast. Good ol' sunlight. It's good for your battery," read the handle's second tweet.
Greeting NASA's Curiosity Rover, ISRO's Mars Orbiter tweeted, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
Curiosity Rover's Twitter handle, @MarsCuriosity, congratulated ISRO for the successful mission saying, "Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit."
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus
2014
Mars Orbiter Insertion was carried out automatically by commands loaded onto the spacecraft after its velocity was slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second to be captured by the Martian orbit.
The spacecraft had entered the Martian neighbourhood on Monday. At the time of MOM's orbital insertion, its signals took about 12 minutes and 28 seconds to travel to Earth for reception by NASA's Deep Space Network Stations in Canberra and Goldstone that relayed the data in real time to ISRO's station here.
The first sign of success in the final moments came when ISRO announced that burn of engines on India's Mars orbiter had been confirmed. "All engines of Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn confirmed," said ISRO signalling that history was in the making.
Page 1 of 2

Tiger kills youth at Delhi ZooShocked public looks on at gruesome scene as white tiger kills boy at Delhi Zoo
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 23 2014, 22:32  IST
Sep 23 2014, 22:32  IST
 

Soda companies to cut calories by 20 percent by 2025 in U.S.E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi hails Mars mission success as "historic"E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bigg Boss 8: Natasa s revelations about housematesCelebrity
Bigg Boss 8: What Natasa thinks about fellow inmates
The much awaited season 8 of television’s biggest celebrity reality show Bigg Boss has kickstarted with lot of fun and enthusiasm. Bigg Boss is one of the most controversial show on television and undoubtedly it gathers a lot of attention from media and also from the audience. Bigg Boss this season is unlike anything the audience is used to.
There are no beds, cozy rooms, a living room, or a kitchen. But there is loads of anonymity and uncertainity. Guess that’s the Colors’ way of keeping audience’s interest in the show intact because the... more 
There are no beds, cozy rooms, a living room, or a kitchen. But there is loads of anonymity and uncertainity. Guess that’s the Colors’ way of keeping audience’s interest in the show intact because the celebs this season aren’t famous enough. In a late night chit chat session with a fellow contestant Sonali Raut, Natasa revealed how she feels about each and every contestant. Click on Next to know! less 
1 / 12

Jihadist says hostgaes Foley  Cantlie converted to Islam in captivityPress Trust of India | Brussels | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:16 pm
Western journalists James Foley and John Cantlie converted to Islam while being held hostage in Syria, a Belgian newspaper quoted a jihadist suspect as saying on Wednesday, adding that the pair may have been forced to do so.
Foley, an American, was beheaded by the Islamic State (IS) group last month, while Cantlie, a Briton, is believed to be still in captivity.
IS has been accused of forcing Christians and other  minorities to convert to Islam during their sweep across parts of Iraq.
The Flemish-language newspaper Het Laatste Nieuws cited testimony from Jejoen Bontinck, a 19-year-old Belgian Islamist convert who was detained in October 2013 upon his return from an eight-month visit to Syria and charged with belonging to a terrorist group.
Bontinck told Belgian interrogators that in August 2013 IS suspected him of spying and put him in a prison in the region of Aleppo where the two Western journalists were being held, according to the newspaper.
“Foley and Cantlie were kidnapped by the Nusra Front,” the branch of Al-Qaeda in the country, “outside an Internet cafe,” the Belgian former fighter said.
He said the two journalists were moved about on several occasions and “tortured” while “barely getting enough to eat” before they were handed over to IS.
It was around two weeks into their captivity by IS that they told the young Belgian that they had converted to Islam, Bontinck was quoted as saying.
“They told me that they had not always led an exemplary life, that for example they had not shown enough respect for their mothers and that they understood it thanks to their conversion,” Bontinck said.
He said nonetheless that his jailers encouraged him to convince his two cellmates to convert to Islam, suggesting that the hostage takers had not taken seriously the two men’s prior conversion to Islam, the newspaper said.
The Islamic State broadcast a video of Foley’s murder on August 19. Another US journalist, Steven Sotloff, was beheaded two weeks later.
On September 18, the group broadcast a video of Cantlie,  who said he had been kidnapped following his arrival in Syria in November 2012.

7 changes in Provident Fund rules you must knowPrint
Planning for retirement is as important as planning for one’s career and marriage. Everybody wishes to have a secure, independent retirement life, where you would not depend on others for your needs. Investments and allocations are accordingly channelized in this direction to achieve the desired goals. The Employee Provident Fund (EPF), Employee Pension Scheme (EPS) and Public Provident Fund (PPF) are some of the popular products to invest for the retirement years.
In the past few months, radical changes have been introduced in these schemes. Let us have a look at them.
1) PF portability: Every time you join a new company, you were given a new PF number. Then you had the option of moving your funds to the new account. Whether you did this or not affected the taxability of your PF deposits. Not any more. Your PF accounts are now going to be portable. The Prime Minister Narendra Modi is going to launch the much-awaited Universal PF Account Number (UAN) website to enable PF portability on October 16. The UAN will be portable throughout the working career of an employee. With the UAN in place, workers in the organized sector need not apply for transfer of PF claim in case of job-change. This means, the PF subscriber will not get a new number on joining a new firm. Instead the employee will get an ID linked to UAN. So, this mechanism will help in smoothening PF transfer claims. The new website is expected to provide an individual personalized log-in mechanism to help in tasks like viewing updated PF amount, transfer claims and updating KYC.
Currently, the EPFO is in the process of linking the UAN of its 40 million subscribers with their bank accounts, Permanent Account Number (PAN), Aadhar and other identification details.
2) Bank account and PF portability: The retirement fund body has asked companies to provide bank account numbers of their employer members by October 15. It has also asked for the IFSC or Indian Financial System Code number for easy transfer of PF payment. The IFSC helps identify the branch where the account is based. This helps transfer money easily. The bank account numbers with IFSC codes will be linked to the Universal PF Account Number (UAN). This will help in portability of PF accounts.
3) Higher PF wage ceiling: The retirement fund body Employee Provident Fund Organization (EPFO) has raised the salary limit for maintaining a PF account to Rs 15,000. Earlier, the limit was Rs 6,500 per month. This means, any organized sector employee earning up to Rs 15,000-a-month have to compulsorily hold an EPF account with the government. For those earning more than Rs 15,000, it is a voluntary option. This is to ensure that low-wage earners have a sufficient kitty to help them in their retirement. This new measure is expected to bring in 50 lakh new PF subscribers, according to the EPFO.
12% of an employee’s basic salary goes to the PF account and is payable back to him/her together with interest once he/she leaves the company. The employer too pays an equal sum – 12% of the basic salary. Out of this, 8.33% goes into the pension scheme and 3.67% into the EPF.
As of now, only organized sector employees are covered under the social security scheme. They amount to about 8% of the total workforce. This still leaves the majority of India’s workers in the unorganized sector without sufficient retirement help.
4) Minimum monthly pension: Once the EPFO subscriber dies, his or her family gets an amount on a monthly basis. The government has raised the minimum monthly pension distributed to Rs 1,000 per month for the financial year 2014-2015. This move will benefit about 28 lakh pensioners, especially widows, some of whom get a paltry sum of Rs 150-200 a month.
5) Insurance limit hiked: Maximum sum assured under Employee Deposit Linked Scheme, 1976 (EDLI) has been hiked to Rs 3 lakhs plus 20% ad hoc benefit over the prescribed amount. This means in case of the death of the subscriber under EPFO, his family is entitled to get Rs 3.6 lakhs instead of the current Rs 1.56 lakhs.
All employers to whom the Employee Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provision Act applies, have to mandatorily subscribe to the EDLI scheme to provide life insurance benefit to their employees.
The above 3 changes have come into effect from September 1, 2014
6) PF interest rate: When you invest in a provident fund, you earn an interest. The government fixes this rate on a yearly basis. For the year 2014-15, the interest rate on provident fund deposits has been retained at 8.75%. This means, the nearly 50 million PF subscribers will earn 8.75% on their deposit amount this year.
7) Tax on PF withdrawal: If an employee withdraws his PF accumulation before five years of completing service, the entire amount withdrawn will be taxable for that year. However, if you transferred your PF every time you changed you job, your total tenure of work will be calculated. For example, if you worked for a year at company A and for four years at company B, and you transferred your PF, then a total work-period of five years will be calculated.
Related Video
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Infosys  new CEO allows staff to use Twitter  Facebook at workInfosys' new CEO allows staff to use Twitter, Facebook at work
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Infosys’ new chief executive officer (CEO) has come up with a novel approach to reviving the financial fortunes of India’s trailblasing outsourcing firm: use Facebook at work, tweet, but get the job done.
Infosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours and sometimes fining employees for not wearing ties on specific days. Such cheerless self-regard could not have come at a more challenging time, analysts say.
In recent years, the former bellwether of India’s outsourcing industry has lagged rivals in winning contracts from the West, torn between chasing high-margin projects and low-margin bread-and-butter IT deals.
To be sure, Infosys has been ploughing into new technologies such as cloud computing and smartphone app development to help return the firm to the forefront of the IT sector. But Vishal Sikka, the company’s first CEO who is not a co-founder or a legacy employee, is setting his sights on employees first.
“These changes might not look big or material, but he's trying to tell people this is a start, bigger things are on their way," said Shreya Bajaj, a Bangalore-based head hunter who helps IT companies recruit senior level executives.
As the company's fortunes decline, attrition rates have increased, employee morale flagged and members of top management headed for the exits.
To retain talent, Sikka hopes to create a more employee-friendly workplace. Come October, the company's 160,000 employees will be gradually allowed to tweet from their personal devices at work.
Human resources are vital to India's $108 billion outsourcing sector. The bulk of IT engineers work to remotely manage clients' technology networks, provide business solutions and help write and service software that run their business. While IT companies hire hundreds of graduates every year, it takes time for a new employee to settle into a project. Very high attrition could also force IT firms to constantly redeploy workers from project to project, potentially unsettling clients. Infosys declined to comment for this story, saying it is in a “quiet period” ahead of its interim earnings announcement on October 10.
The Bangalore-headquartered firm is likely to post a 21 per cent rise in net profit in the quarter ended September as a global economic recovery helps bolster tech spending, according to a survey by Thomson Reuters.
Besides being given easier access to social networking sites such as Facebook, employees at Infosys are treated to team lunches and they also get frequent mails from their CEO, said 15 current and former Infosys employees interviewed by Reuters.
Infosys employees are also being solicited for new business ideas and are seeing location transfer requests go through more smoothly than before, they said, declining to be identified as they are not allowed to talk to the media.
The annualised attrition rate at Infosys stood at 19.5 per cent at the end of June, a record for the company, and higher than that of its rivals Tata Consultancy Services  and Wipro. A rate of 12-15 per cent is seen as normal in this sector.
IT services companies traditionally see higher attrition among employees who have been around for three to six years. Since most of the firms are built on identical business models, it is easy for young workers to hop between companies for projects, promotions or salary hikes.
“Employees can be replaced, but they have to understand the project, know the client and be comfortable with the team and boss. That takes time,” said R K Gupta, managing director of Taurus Asset Management, which owns Infosys shares. Senior executives at Infosys said there was a push towards a more open culture, investing in personnel and getting managers closer to the ground. “We must create an environment of empowerment, mutual support and trust,” Sikka, a former senior executive at German software giant SAP AG, wrote in an email this month to employees seen by Reuters.
While some employees thought these symbolic changes were signs of good times to come, others are waiting for structural changes at the company.
"What will actually make a difference is pay hikes and better results. Access to Facebook and a dress code were never a concern when the company was doing well," said a former board member, who declined to be named.

New iPhones Run Into Software  Bending ComplaintsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Uh-oh! Irish property prices are soaring againUh-oh! Irish property prices are soaring again
Written by
September 24, 2014
A full recovery of Dublin property prices doesn't seem quite so far out of grasp. (Reuters/Cathal McNaughton)
SHARE
Matt Phillips @MatthewPhillips
September 24, 2014
London, it’s not . But the recent rise of property prices in Dublin is pretty remarkable in its own right. Prices in the Irish capital are up 25.1%, year-on-year. (Largely thanks to the surge in Dublin, prices for Ireland a whole are up nearly 15% over the same period.) And month-on-month, Dublin real estate prices are up 3.5%.
In fact, the year-on-year price surge in Dublin homes is higher even than the price-crisis peak of 22.5% from August 2006.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Of course, there’s a big difference between prices then and now, specifically a 46% decline in price levels. Still, any sign of recovery in Irish property sector is pretty remarkable. Especially since the country is grappling with deep problems related to its last real estate bust  in 2010, which ultimately brought down the entire banking system and forced the country itself to seek a bailout.
Share this:

When food fads collide: Pumpkin spice  meet Greek yogurtIt's that time of year(Chobani)
SHARE
Svati Kirsten Narula @svatikirsten
September 24, 2014
To the delight of pumpkinheads across America, Chobani has unleashed a “limited batch” of Pumpkin Spice Greek yogurt. It’s a match made in heaven for consumers who are already nuts for Greek yogurt and eager to celebrate the arrival of autumn with pumpkin-laced products.
This is perhaps long overdue, given the ubiquity of pumpkin in the packaged foods sector these days, and the fact that Greek yogurt, which has taken over the dairy aisle, lends itself to all sorts of  flavoring .
Chobani’s foray into the pumpkin spice category has been, um, smashing. “We literally can’t keep it on shelves,” says Peter McGuinness, Chobani’s head of marketing. The product has been in circulation in stores all over the US for barely a month, and it’s “the fastest-growing SKU,” or single item, “that we’ve ever had,” McGuinness tells Quartz.
 “We literally can’t keep it on shelves.” 
“I think we did a really nice take on it,” McGuiness says, acknowledging that “pumpkin mania” is apparent in every corner of the grocery store. Chobani’s Pumpkin Spice contains real pumpkin puree (it’s listed fourth on the ingredients label, which means there is less pumpkin per container than water, sugar, and yogurt) and 12 grams of sugar.
Dannon’s Oikos Greek yogurt also hopped on the pumpkin spice bandwagon for the first time this fall: its Pumpkin Pie flavor also has real pumpkin puree, but contains 19 grams of sugar, 1.5x the amount in Chobani’s version.
Both McGuinness, from Chobani, and Michael Neuwirth, a PR rep for Dannon, say seasonal flavors such as pumpkin spice/pie are designed to “surprise and delight” fans of their brands. That language—” surprise and delight “—describes a tried-and-true marketing strategy for all consumer brands, and it might explain why so many food companies have profited from adding pumpkin to their products, especially when the addition is perceived as whimsical. Trader Joe’s does this stupendously; the California-based grocery chain has sold its own version of pumpkin Greek yogurt for the past two autumns.
Share this:

BHP freezes pay for top executivesBHP Billiton freezes pay for chief and top executives
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c77bfc1c-4451-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street rally invigorates Asia stocksUS stocks slide as Apple takes a beating
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12f21cb4-445f-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HDFC MF buys 9.70 lakh shares of Sharda CropchemSep 25, 2014, 08.33 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HDFC MF buys 9.70 lakh shares of Sharda Cropchem
HDFC MF Prudence FD bought 9,70,000 shares of Sharda Cropchem.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HDFC MF buys 9.70 lakh shares of Sharda Cropchem
HDFC MF Prudence FD bought 9,70,000 shares of Sharda Cropchem.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 24, 2014 HDFC MF Prudence FD bought 9,70,000 shares of  Sharda Cropchem at Rs 241.64 on the NSE.
On Thursday, the share ended at Rs 251.65, up Rs 20.20, or 8.73 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 273.85 and 52-week low Rs 156.00 on 23 September, 2014 and 22 September, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

US gasoline jumps on inventories fallUS gasoline jumps on inventories fall
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82171d66-4404-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mars Mission: People who played a key role | Pouring praises | It s rocket science!The 56 -year-old scientist from Kodhawady, a small vil lage near Coimbatore, had never stepped out of his district until he finished his Masters.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: It is ironical that the man who successfully led the country's mission to Mars is considered to be under the negative influence of the Red Planet under Indian astrology.
As a manglik, Mylswamy Annadurai — the mission director of Isro's Mangalyaan spacecraft — had to find a life partner who also had the same impact from the planet. It was truly a match made in the heavens. Annadurai considers his wife Vasanthi one of his biggest fans. She collects even small snippets of news about her husband appearing in the media.
The 56 -year-old scientist from Kodhawady, a small vil lage near Coimbatore, had never stepped out of his district until he finished his Masters. He obtained a Bachelors in Engineering degree from Government College of Technology, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu , India and completed his Masters Degree in Engineering from PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore. Annadurai joined Isro in 1982 at the age of 24 and had previously been in-charge of India's satellite launches. Before this, he successfully completed India's maiden moon mission Chandrayaan-1 as well as the Insat satellite launches.
His wife Vasanthi said Annadurai has always been fascinated with the moon. She recalled as a young scientist during early days of marriage he would lie on the rooftop of the house and gaze at the moon for hours. Vasanthi would warn him that he could catch cold, would pay no heed.
Annadurai's close friends say that he believes himself to be fortunate that he gets paid for doing something that he really loves. In fact, he writes regular weekly columns in Tamil periodicals to explain rocket science in simple language to inspire the youth.
Also, during holidays, Annadurai loves to tour across the country, meeting and interacting with the students to spread awareness on science and technology.
Annadurai begins his day by reading at least a couple of pages from the Bhagavad Gita. When his mind is preoccupied, he reads an entire chapter. "For the past 34 years, it is my practice to start the day reading two pages of the Gita," said Annadurai at an earlier event.
Annadurai would have most likely read entire chapters of the Gita on Monday and Tuesday when India's Mars mission reached a crucial phase.
Key People
K Radhakrishnan: Chairman of Isro, and Secretary , Department of Space. Responsible for leading the mission and co-ordinating all Isro activities.
S Ramakrishnan: Director of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre and Member of the Launch Authorisation Board . He played an integral in developing the PSLV that ferried Mangalyaan.
P Kunhikrishnan: Project director of the PSLV programme. His responsibility included ensuring the successful completion of mission by the rocket, and the satellite was projected into space.
SK Shivakumar: Director, Isro Satellite Centre . He was also part of the team that developed the telemetry system for Chandrayaan-I, India's first lunar exploration mission.

Nifty Below 8 000; ONGC  RIL WeighYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Flat; RIL, ONGC Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 09:53 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today in early trade amid losses in oil & gas heavyweights such as ONGC and RIL.
The government on Wednesday said it would take a decision on raising gas prices by November 15, deferring the hike that was to come into effect starting next month.
TS Harihar, chief executive and founder of HRBV Client Solutions Private, said that delay in gas price decision does not go very well for the markets. "It is negative for the markets in the short-term," he said.
ONGC fell over 2 per cent while RIL was down 0.4 per cent. BSE Sensex was up 11 points to 26,756 while Nifty was almost unchanged at 8,004.
Gains in frontline stocks helped support the market. TCS, Tech Mahindra and Infosys were up between 0.80 per cent and 1 per cent.
Consulting and outsourcing company Accenture Plc yesterday forecast first-quarter revenue largely below analysts' expectations as stiff competition from rivals hurt new contracts wins. Accenture reported net income of $760.2 million, or $1.08 per share, in the fourth quarter ended August 31 from $727.3 million, or $1.01 per share, a year earlier.
Market analyst TS Harihar is positive on IT stocks, citing their attractiveness as dollar defensives.
JSPL, which slumped over 10 per cent yesterday after cancellation of coal blocks, extended its decline today. It fell 4.5 per cent.
Public sector banks continued to be weighed down by concerns over the exposure to the players whose coal block allocations were cancelled. PNB and Bank of Baroda fell over 2 per cent while SBI declined 1 per cent.
Elsewhere, Jaiprakash Power Ventures fell over 10 per cent after its deal to sell its hydropower business to Reliance Power Ltd fell through.
Jaiprakash said in a statement on Wednesday that talks with the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) had fallen apart due to a "difference of commercial aspects". The shares of its parent Jaiprakash Associates fell nearly 10 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 09:53 (IST)

Sensex  Nifty flat; Coal India SBI up  JP Power falls 5%Sep 25, 2014, 03.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty flat; Coal India & SBI up, JP Power falls 5%
Coal India, Cipla, SBI, M&M and BHEL are top gainers while ONGC, Hindalco, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and Bharti Airtel are major laggards in the Sensex. Jaiprakash Power is down 5 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty flat; Coal India & SBI up, JP Power falls 5%
Coal India, Cipla, SBI, M&M and BHEL are top gainers while ONGC, Hindalco, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and Bharti Airtel are major laggards in the Sensex. Jaiprakash Power is down 5 percent.
Post your opinion here
09:15
Moneycontrol Bureau
9:50 am RBI speaks: India needs to have "clever and sensible" regulations to create a business-friendly environment which will lead to faster growth of the economy and create jobs, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said. "We need the right kind...not too much, not too little, but clever and sensible regulations. Not just the regulations in the book, but also the enforcement to make sure that businesses have chance to succeed in away that promotes growth and create jobs," he said at the 58th annual general meeting of Indo-German Chamber of Commerc. Although the country has enough regulations, not all of them are of the right kind, he said. Rajan said the country's needs a vibrant financial system which will finance people who want to create jobs and also those who want to pursue higher education. "We need financial system that give access to all.
9:35 am Buzzing: Reliance Power 's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures ' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project. The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call of the talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it.
Industry sources, however, said talks collapsed after Central Electricity Authority (CEA) issued show cause notice for alleged violation of techno-economic clearance conditions of the Karcham Wangtoo project, which had an approved capacity of 1,000 MW but actual capacity was built to 1,200 MW. JP Power is down 5 percent.
Don't miss: Forbes India rich list: Mukesh Ambani tops, Adani moves up
The market has opened flat on September F&O expiry day. The Sensex is up 53.48 points at 26798.17 and the Nifty is up 10.80 points at 8013.20. About 415 shares have advanced, 173 shares declined, and 24 shares are unchanged.
Coal India, Cipla, SBI, M&M and BHEL are top gainers while ONGC, Hindalco, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and Bharti Airtel are major laggards in the Sensex. Jaiprakash Power is down 5 percent.
The Indian rupee opened flat at 60.92 per dollar against previous day's closing of 60.96.
Mohan Shenoi of Kotak Mahindra Bank said, "Dollar strength continues against major currencies globally. The correction in Sensex due to SC ruling on coal block allocation might result in marginal rupee weakness. The rupee is expected to trade in a range of 60.85-61.25/dollar today.”
Meanwhile, the euro is languishing near a 14-month trough after slipping below 1.27 to the dollar. The dollar index breaks above 85 for the first time since July 2010.
 Among global markets, US markets rebound after a three-day slump as new-home sales climbed to a six-year high. Europe too ends in the green. Shares closed up after wavering throughout the day, as weak economic data from Germany fueled European Central Bank stimulus hopes.
Asia also joined the rally with Japan's Nikkei up nearly a percent.
RELATED NEWS

Modi US visit: PM to meet more businessmen than politiciansIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Bendgate strikes Apple iPhone 6 Plus  the phone can bend when placed in back pocketsSep 25, 2014 at  10:42am IST
Bendgate strikes Apple iPhone 6 Plus, the phone can bend when placed in back pockets
44
3
Two new Apple products hit speed bumps on Wednesday: iPhone 6 Plus buyers discovered their phones can bend when placed in back pockets, and the company pulled its latest mobile operating system after reports of dropped cellular service.
"Bendgate," as the problem has already been dubbed on social media sites, is a reminder of 2010's "antennagate," when iPhone 4 users reported a design flaw that caused dropped calls.
ALSO SEE Updategate: Apple pulls iOS 8 update after complaints of blocked calls
Apple did not comment on the bending-phone reports. But it did announce that it was investigating reports of an issue with an update of its iOS 8 operating system and in the meantime had pulled the version designated 8.0.1.
The bendable-phone situation might prove particularly troubling for those who wear skinny jeans, according to reports on Facebook and Twitter.
#apple #iphone 6 plus #bendgate
The bendable-phone situation might prove particularly troubling for those who wear skinny jeans, according to reports on Facebook and Twitter. The phrase "Your pants are too tight for your phone" has already received hundreds of mentions.
Some say the device, which has a lightweight aluminum shell, is more malleable than expected, but that might fall short of a design flaw, according to analysts.
Overall, evaluators seem flummoxed.
"A 'bendability test' hasn't been part of our breakability testing to date because up until this week we've never seen a phone thin enough to make this a potential issue," said a spokesman at SquareTrade.
SquareTrade, which provides warranties to iPhone users, said it planned more tests later on Wednesday.
Reports on the quirk first surfaced on Unbox Therapy, a gadget-review show on YouTube.
Brandwatch, a company that tracks and analyses data from social media sites, said only a small number of people tweeted about the "bend" in the days leading up to September 22. But after the release of the YouTube video, which had racked up over 6 million views by midday Wednesday, Twitter mentions of the "bend" had skyrocketed to 75,000.
Tweets are flying about the "bend in your pocket," the challenge of wearing "tight pants," and that the iPhone 6 Plus bends "with bare hands," said Brandwatch spokeswoman Dinah Alobeid.
Another key topic, she said, is a comparison with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phone, which has nearly 4,500 mentions.
Apple spokespeople did not immediately respond to requests for comment, but at least one rival smartphone maker jumped at the chance to weigh in.
"I would challenge you guys to bend our Passport," John Chen, Blackberry's (BB.TO) chief executive officer, said on Wednesday at an event in Toronto to unveil its newest phone.
On Monday, Apple said it had shipped 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus since it began selling the phone on Friday.
Apple stock edged down 89 cents, or 0.87 per cent to $101.75 on the Nasdaq on Wednesday.
397

Spanish mother who killed and froze babies gets 35 years in jailE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Prithviraj Chavan among 118 Congress nominees for Maharashtra Assembly pollsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Delhi Zoo horror: Zookeeper tried to get to tiger but crowd s stones got it firstDelhi Zoo horror: Zookeeper tried to get to tiger but crowd's stones got it first
Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 25 2014, 08:44  IST
Sep 25 2014, 08:44  IST
 

Cameron and Rouhani meet at UNDavid Cameron and Hassan Rouhani meet in UN amid signs of thaw
By Geoff Dyer in New York and Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/857b672e-4408-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mukesh Ambani again tops list of India s ric...Forbes India rich list: Mukesh Ambani tops again, Gautam Adani moves up
IANS Sep 25, 2014, 10.44AM IST
(For the first time, the top…)
WASHINGTON: Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani has topped the Forbes magazine's list of the top 100 richest tycoons in India for the eighth consecutive year with a net worth of $23.6 billion, up $2.6 billion from last year.
For the first time, the top 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires, according to the latest Forbes rich list. The combined net worth of India's 100 wealthiest is $346 billion, up more than a third from $259 billion in 2013.
"In 2014, India's outlook has moved very quickly from gloom to boom. The new federal government's mandate for change has sparked euphoria in the stock market causing a seismic shift in Indian wealth this year," said Naazneen Karmali, India Editor of Forbes Asia.
Dilip Shanghvi, founder of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, India's most valuable drug maker, is the new No. 2, overtaking steel baron Lakshmi Mittal, who slips to fifth place. Sun Pharmaceutical's shares surged after it acquired rival Ranbaxy Laboratories from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo for $4 billion in April, Forbes said.
The 59-year old Shanghvi saw his fortune rise by $4.1 billion to $18 billion. Moving up one notch to No. 3 is Azim Premji, whose net wealth increased to $16.4 billion from $13.8 billion previously.
In July, his tech firm Wipro set up a $100 million venture capital fund to back startups led by his son Rishad.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to No. 11 adding nearly $4.5 billion to his wealth which reached $7.1 billion on soaring shares of his companies.
Adani has been on a buying spree: he bought a port in eastern India from the Tata Group for $900 million and agreed to pay $1 billion for a power plant in southern India, Forbes noted.
The minimum amount required to make the list was $1 billion, up from $635 million in 2013. With a record minimum net worth this year, 11 from last year fell off, including tycoons Brij Bhushan Singal and Vijay Mallya.
The top 10 richest in India are:
1) Mukesh Ambani; $23.6 billion
2) Dilip Shanghvi; $18 billion
3) Azim Premji; $16.4 billion
4) Pallonji Mistry; $15.9 billion
5) Lakshmi Mittal; $15.8 billion
6) Hinduja brothers; $13.3 billion
7) Shiv Nadar; $12.5 billion
8) Godrej family; $11.6 billion
9) Kumar Birla; $9.2 billion
10) Sunil Mittal; $7.8 billion
FEATURED ARTICLES

Much ado about stock splits  little impact o...Much ado about stock splits, but little impact on investors
Preeti Kulkarni, ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 11.10AM IST
(Stock splits may make headlines…)
MUMBAI: Public sector majors State Bank of India (SBI) and Punjab National Bank (PNB) have announced plans for a stock split this week. In recent months, other major banks like ICICI Bank, Corporation Bank, Canara Bank and Axis Bank have also said they would go for stock splits. JK Tyre and Industries, too, has proposed a stock split, which will be taken up at its board meeting on Thursday. While stock splits may make headlines, they really do not make a huge difference to investors.
"Stock splits or bonus do not change the fundamentals of a company. It's just that one stock with a face value of Rs 1,000 will now become five stocks worth ` . 200 each (that is, if the split ratio is 1:5). If you owned 5% of a company, your holding will remain the same. Only the number of shares held will go up," says Saday Sinha, vice-president, fundamental research, Kotak Securities.
Public sector majors State Bank of India (SBI) and Punjab National Bank (PNB) have announced their stock split this week. In the recent months, several other major banks like ICICI Bank, Corporation Bank, Canara Bank and Axis Bank have announced their decision to go for stock splits.
Understanding Stock Split
A stock split simply results in an increase in the number of shares -correspondingly, the face value of each stock goes down. The total market value of the company, though, remains unchanged.
"It is done to improve liquidity of a stock if it becomes too large value in absolute terms over time.Most companies with long history on the bourses tend to have multiple stock splits over time to keep easy liquidity in their stock," says Swapnil Pawar, business head and director, Karvy Capital. For example, during its initial public offering (IPO) stage, the stock price is say Rs 500. Now, suppose, in five years, the company turns in a good performance the stock price soars . 5,000. "It will become someto ` what illiquid for retail investors to trade in," says Pawar. For instance, say a retail investor who holds five shares of this company wants to rebalance her portfolio such that she wants to sell her stocks worth Rs 12,000 in value.
"This simple transaction becomes difficult in this case as she is forced to sell stocks worth either Rs 10,000 or Rs 15,000 in value (that is, Rs 12,000). The stock split of closest to 1:5 at this stage will bring the value of single stock down to Rs 1,000 per share, making it relatively simpler for retail investors to trade in it. Your share in the company remains the same.
"Some retail investors associate large stock prices with costlier stocks. Though, in principle, they know that the specific value of the stock is irrelevant and only the change from that value after they buy is of significance, they psychologically feel "safer" to buy lower price stocks. Stock splits help companies by bringing their stocks in the "normal" range of stock prices for such investors," says Pawar.
Fringe Benefits?
While stock split announcements make it to the headlines often, from the investors' perspective, the impact is almost neutral. "Theoretically, the only benefit retail investors definitely get from stock split is greater liquidity because of smaller denomination.In practice, sometimes (but not always), stock splits lead to a small gain in value of the holdings," says Pawar. Also, the affordability goes up for a retail investor. Similarly, the volume of transactions in the stock, too, could get a boost.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Metal stocks crack upto 16% after SC verdict on coal blocks; Prakash Industries most hitMetal stocks such as JSPL, Hindalco slip for second day after Supreme Court order
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 03.57PM IST
Tags:
Crisil
(According to analysts,…)
MUMBAI: Shares of metal majors extended overnight losses, plunging upto 20 per cent after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal block allocations to miners. According to analysts, the verdict will sharply dent the profitability of metal companies.
For these cancelled blocks, the court granted six months to shut down operations. Moreover, players with operational blocks have been asked to pay a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne of coal mined upto 2014-15, which will translate to Rs 100 billion.
"Players who have operational coal blocks will witness a sharp decline in profitability post 2014-15, as they would have to substitute captive coal with imported coal which is about four times more expensive," said Crisil Research report.
"In 2015-16, impacted players in the sponge iron and aluminum sectors are expected to witness a 900-1,000 bps and 300-400 bps decline, respectively, in operating profitability," the report added.
At 3:30 p.m., when the markets closed; JSPL was down 7.83 per cent, Hindalco declined 4.32 per cent, Prakash Industries plunged 17.94 per cent and Usha Martin slipped 19.97 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal deallocation won t impact Barmer plant: JSW EnergyPramod Menon, director- Finance,  JSW Energy says the Supreme Court’s decision to deallocate 204 coal blocks does not cover lignite mines.
As a result of this, the company’s 1080 megawatt (MW) power plant at Barmer is unaffected.
Also read: Is SC's 'breathing time' for cos to point fingers at UPA?
Furthermore, Menon says the company is looking at various power assets for growth opportunities and is open to acquire a plant if it is a strategic fit.
However, he adds that the management of  JP Power hasn’t had any talks with the company over JP Power’s 1,200 MW Karcham Wangtoo project.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview to CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: If you can just tell us is there any clarity on what happens to the allotment of the lignite blocks. Is it outside the purview of the Supreme Court judgment and is there any impact that the Supreme Court judgment will have on a company like yours?
A: The Supreme Court judgment has been pretty clear. This does not cover any of the lignite allocations at all and as such it does not impact JSW Energy’s 1080 MW power plant at Barmer. So, this is clearly outside as far as its ambit is concerned and the affidavit of the government on this was also very clear that the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act (CMN) did not cover lignite as such.
Latha: Let me come to the environment clearance that you have got for the Kapurdi lignite mines itself. How does life change for you what’s the balance sheet and Profit & Loss (P&L) impact?
A: Only thing is which brings about certainty as far as this Ministry of Environment & Forests (MoEF) approval is concerned it now enables us to continue with the mining from Kapurdi of 7 million tonne which was earlier approved at 3.75 million tonne and gives us some amount of time in terms of opening up the other mine which is at Jalipa. So basically there is complete clarity on terms of availability of the plant and our ability to produce 6.29 billion units during the current fiscal from this Barmer plant is concerned.
Latha: So your Profit & Loss (P&L) will go up?
A: We will be able to make our plant available and generate up to 75 percent of the normative capacity which is there for the current year.
Sonia: Just getting back to the Supreme Court decision, what would the impact be of this decision on the power sector?
A: There has been a lot of investment which the sector has already made and we are only looking forward now to the government to immediately, since the impasse is over to take action in terms of allocation of this critical natural resource to the industry is concerned. So that there is clarity which can be brought about in terms of the investments that can go in to this sector is concerned.
Latha: Is your hunch that what was once a free resource is going to get auctioned. Current mines which are up and above to will be preferred over mines over which you are not very sure of the extent of the results or extent of investment. So could there be aggressive biding when these 46 guys come in to the market?
A: We will have to wait and see what the government has plans because on one side you have certain sectors which are basically selling their produce on a commercial basis like iron and steel or aluminum and others. And on other side you have a sector like power where in the purpose is to ensure that the power is being generated at the lowest cost and to ensure that it is being allocated. So we will have to wait for the clarity to come from the government on how they intend to go ahead with the process by balancing the common good as far as the country is concerned.
Sonia: Jaiprakash Power (JP) is under quite a bit of pressure because we understand that their deal to sell the hydro power assets with Reliance Power has been called off. Have you had any talks with JP Power and would you at any point in time be looking to buy those assets?
A: JSW Energy we have from a strategic perspective been looking at various growth opportunities as part of that we continue to look at various assets. I would not want to name a particular asset. So as and when let if say there is and if it is having a strategic fit as far as JSW Energy is concerned we will look at it at an appropriate point in time. We will have to wait and see, there is nothing that we are looking at this particular or we are not looking at that.
Sonia: Have you had any conversations with Jaiprakash Power (JP) power in the last few days or weeks?
A: No, we had no conversations at all.
Sonia: If indeed you are interested in many of the assets, where would you be coughing up the funds from and how much would you sort of be interested to pump in to buying of the assets because at this point in time three of the hydro assets of JP power are on the block?
A: As I mentioned we are looking at a lot of opportunities it’s not let us say there is only JP; there are various other deals also out there in the market. We have been a kind of valued buyer so we will look at what is the kind of underlying returns and everything then take a call. JSW Energy today if you look at it, it has got significant balance sheet strength; we have a very low gearing ratio at the same time we are fairly liquid. So in terms of looking at an asset, arranging the funding for a particular asset I don’t think should be a big challenge for JSW energy.
Latha: Global coal prices have been falling and you are an importer. What are you expecting as the ballpark merchant power prices for the remaining part of the year? As well what may you end up the year in terms of margin?
A: We have already given an estimate to the street that we are expecting for the financial year, for the entire fiscal we are looking at a range of about 4.25 to 4.50 for the entire merchant capacity that JSW Energy has. We are seeing that we maybe in that range for the entire fiscal.
JSW Energy stock price
On November 21, 2014, JSW Energy closed at Rs 82.20, down Rs 0.45, or 0.54 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 86.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 42.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.06 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.25. The latest book value of the company is Rs 42.70 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.93.
RELATED NEWS

Apple Creates Workaround After iOS 8 Update ProblemsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Apex court quashes law for setting up national tax tribunalApex court declares national tax tribunal law as unconstitutional
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 25:  
The Supreme Court today declared as unconstitutional the National Tax Tribunal Act under which a tribunal was set up to decide tax-related cases by taking away the jurisdiction of high courts in such matters.
A five-judge constitution Bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha said that the Act passed by Parliament in 2005 is “unconstitutional” as the National Tax Tribunal (NTT) encroaches upon the power of higher judiciary, which can only decide issues involving substantial laws and not a tribunal.
The apex court passed the order on a batch of petitions challenging the constitutional validity of NTT contending that there was a grave danger that judiciary will be substituted by a host of quasi-judicial tribunals which function as departments of various ministries.
The first petition on the issue was filed in 2006 when the Madras Bar Association had challenged the setting up of NTT and later many other lawyers bodies followed suit.
The NDA government had justified the creation of NTT, saying that the idea of creating tribunals was to unclog the backlog of cases in the high courts.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Heirs of HNWIs interested in being global citizens: BarclaysE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Aban Offshore slips over 16% on profit takingAban Offshore slips over 16% on profit taking
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 11:03 AM IST
Aban Offshore, India's largest offshore drilling services provider to oil companies, slipped over 16% to Rs 539.15, continuing its downtrend seen over the past five trading sessions.
Last week, the company has started its plans to raise around $500 million by listing its Singapore subsidiary. The fund mobilised would be used to repay part of its debt, which is currently around Rs 14,000 crore.
Meanwhile, the company also said it would save around Rs 60-70 crore every year, since it has converted major chunk of its loans into dollar-denominated ones from Rupee.
The stock had opened at Rs 640 and edged a bit higher to Rs 647.40 after which selling pressure dragged the stock to a low of Rs 535.10. A total of over 16 lakh shares changed hands on BSE and NSE till 1100 hrs.
The company has been one of the top gainers in the recent outperformance of the broader markets with the stock gaining upto Rs 940 on July 8, 2014.

Suzlon Energy locked at lower circuit for fifth consecutive daySuzlon Energy locked at lower circuit for fifth consecutive day
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 10:29 AM IST
Suzlon Energy was locked in lower circuit for the fifth straight day, down 5% at Rs 15.05 on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), after fresh equity shares following the conversion of the company's foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) began to trade from Friday, September 19, 2014.
Suzlon Energy had allotted 270 million equity shares of Rs 2 each at a price of Rs 15.46 per share pursuant to conversion of FCCBs of the company.
Since 19th September, the stock has been locked at the lower circuit every single day. The stock slipped from Rs 22 to the present value over the last five trading sessions.
On the volume front, there are pending sell orders for as many as 19.3 million shares on the BSE.

Boom time for e-commerce  but fraud play on ...Boom
(As Indians make more online…)
NEW DELHI: As more Indians step up to make online payments, there is a proliferation of payment gateways and mobile wallets, many of which are facing the risk of being misused by unscrupulous merchants.
Payment service providers like Citrus Pay and PayU claim the low interest rates offered by payment gateways — 1% compared with upto 3% — charged by credit card companies is being taken advantage of by several small traders who set up online stores and withdraw money citing fake transactions.
"We have suffered Rs 4.5 lakh of fraud out of which one ecommerce merchant sold a used 'car' worth Rs 1 lakh to himself by his credit card," said Nitin Gupta, CEO of PayU India, one of India's leading payment gateways, which has over 30,000 e-commerce merchants registered with it.
Cash withdrawal at an ATM in India through a credit card is charged at about 2.7%2.8% monthly, which on an annualized compounded basis comes to about 40%. But a swipe at your own e-store will land you 'instant' cash at just 1%, the rate now being charged by most mobile wallets and payment gateways for e-commerce transactions.
It's this loophole, that small time traders have found to be a cash rotating machine by opening fake online retail companies. "In the particular case, the transaction went through but was caught as the buyer and seller account details were the same. No real sale happened," said Gupta.
About $5 billion worth of online transactions are expected to happen this year. India's e-commerce industry is projected to grow to over $12 billion by end of next year. As the industry grows, companies such as Mumbai-based Citrus Pay have seen a rise in frauds.
"In Timtara's case, the whole payments industry lost over Rs one crore as the merchant failed to deliver the goods," said Jeetendra Gupta, co-founder of CitrusPay, a payment gateway. Ecommerce portal Timtara shutdown last year after arrests of management, as they failed to deliver products, when they ran out of cash accepted from buyers.
The illegal practice of swiping card for cash is quite prevalent amongst the trader hubs of India. "Legally, swiping card for cash is not allowed in India unlike in the UK or US. There have been rackets in the past that the police have busted," said Nidhi Gurnani, cofounder of Cardback, an app which advises buyers on their credit card usage. The other reason behind swiping credit cards for fake sales is to earn rewards.
"In accelerated reward point schemes, one can earn up to Rs 1 lakh," on a swipe of Rs 20,000, said Gurnani.
As merchants move to sell online, card for cash model is also moving to ard for cash model is also moving to the online world. "Some ecom merce companies accept digital payments for products but in stead used the cash to run op erations. They don't deliv er on time," Gupta of CitrusPay added.
Not only payment gate ways but mobile wallets have also become extremely cautious. It's eas ier to swipe money from a credit card into a bank account. Users are able to withdraw cash from their credit cards at almost 0% in mobile wallets compared to up to 2% they are charged on e-commerce portals. "We al low only Rs 5,000 worth of money to be loaded via a credit card into our mobile wallet. We also take at least 3 days to transfer money to a bank account, to check fraudulent transactions," said Sunil Kulkarni, Deputy Manag ing Director at mobile wal let firm Oxigen Services (India) Pvt Ltd.
About Rs 1800 crore of transactions went through Oxigen last year, of which the company charges 1%, usually from the vendors.
  HOW TO CHECK FRAUD
To curb fake online sale frauds, payment gateways such as PayU and Ci trusPay have launched detection mech anisms."The very first check we have is to finger print the IP address of the device which is making an abnormal payment," said Gupta of PayU India, a Naspers funded company. If it's the same device a merchant used to register with payment gateway, he or she can be caught red-handed. The second is to record the location of the access of the product and its price. Now, every product over Rs 10,000 which passes through PayU's gateways now pass through these checks.
Mumbai-based CitrusPay has also introduced checks where they can detect whether a certain card is doing transactions repeatedly. To get cash released from gateways some merchants have started faking proof of delivery courier receipts. "If its a new merchant, we call customers to check whether they have received the product," Gupta of CitrusPay added.
According to RBI, there are about 1.9 crore credit card users in the country.
According to latest data by RBI for 2014, about Rs 14,000 crore of transactions went through in the month of June.
About a fourth of the 17,867 complaints that India's banking ombudsmen received in 2012-13 were related to card transactions.
While the latest card fraud data is not availble, about Rs 13-crore worth of card fraud was netted in 2011.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Deveshwar: Manufacturing can resolve problem of inflation  unemploymentWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

We will be delighted to work with Indian Govt  says Lockheed Martin CEOWe will be delighted to work with Indian Govt, says Lockheed Martin CEO
PTI
Tweet
September 25, 2014:  
We will be delighted to work with Government of India, says Phil Shaw, Chief Executive, Lockheed Martin India Private Limited.
We believe India is the epicentre of innovation, says Phil Shaw.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

FinMin clears the air on service tax levy on joint venturesFinMin clears the air on service tax levy on joint ventures
K R Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 25:  
The Finance Ministry has made it clear that 'taxable services' provided by members of a joint venture to a JV and vice-versa will attract service tax.
This will be the case when the 'taxable services' are provided for consideration, the Finance Ministry had said in a circular on Wednesday.
The same treatment will hold good when taxable services are provided between the members of a JV for consideration, according to the circular.
As regards taxation of cash calls or capital contributions made by the members to the joint venture, detailed and close scrutiny of the terms of joint venture agreement may be required in each case, the Finance Ministry has said.
If 'cash calls' are merely a transaction in money, they are then excluded from the definition of service and therefore will not attract tax, according to the circular.
Tax authorities at the field level have been advised to carefully examine the leviability of service tax with reference to the specific terms/clauses of each joint venture agreement.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

India needs "sensible" regulations to spur growth  says Raghuram RajanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Live: Manufacturing has to become next big wave for us  says Kumar Mangalam BirlaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

See volatile Oct series; Bank Nifty may crack  | Top 10 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections > Expiry
Expect volatile October series; Bank Nifty Index may crack
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 01.15PM IST
Tags:
("Open interest concentration…)
By Mohammed Sabir
MUMBAI: The October series is expected to be volatile due to less trading sessions, says Chandan Taparia, Derivatives Analyst , Anand Rathi . In an email response to economictimes.com, he said the short rollovers in banks future is a cause of concern for the Bank Nifty.
Q: We have seen seven consecutive positive series. Will this series be the eighth one?
We have seen seven consecutive positive series from Feb 14 to August and as per the option data, we are expecting the September series to expire at higher levels as well. August expiry close was 7,954 and we are expecting it to close above those levels.
Q: What are the key levels you are observing for the expiry day trade?
Open interest concentration are indicating immediate hurdle at 8,050. Next major hurdle is seen in the 8,100-8,120 zone. It is likely to hold 7,980-7,950 levels.
Q: What is the view for October series as per recent data?
October is a month with less trading sessions. So the movement would be volatile with more of gap up - gap downs. The index is making a Doji candle on Monthly chart. After the run up of the last seven months, if it doesn't settle above 8,000 and sustains below 7,950 levels, then this positive rally may end. We may see lower levels of 7,840 & 7,700.
(Doji candle means opening and closing at almost same levels after a rage-bound move of the entire month. This is a sign of indecision between bulls and bear, and if this candle occurs at the top of rallym then the immediate trend may end).
Q: How is the rollover data?
Nifty future has seen rollover of 61.72 per cent for current (September) series compared to 56.01 per cent in August series (one day before the expiry). Total rollover of August series was 73.41 per cent.
In this series, we are expecting total rollover to be around 70 per cent. Rollover is almost in line with the last six-month average in terms of percentage as well as in terms of the number of contacts.
Q: Your view on sector-wise rollovers?
Infrastructure, pharma, capital goods, cement, oil & gas, media, technology, textile, fmcg and finance sector are leading sector-wise rollover. Lower rolls are seen in telecom, power, realty, banking and metals sector stocks.
Bank Nifty futures have been forming a tower top formation. Sustained supply has been seen between 16,250 and 16,350 zones. It has support at 15,555 zones. The immediate hurdle is at 16,000 and then at 16,100 levels.
VWAP of the Bank Nifty index is at 16,100 levels. Short rolls are seen and that is the cause of concern for the Bank Nifty index.
Q: Any trading idea to play the expiry day with limited risk?
Hind Unilever: At a new life-time high, up by 3 per cent in this series, built up of long with aggressive short covering. Trade in 760 strikes to play the momentum with limited risk.
Coal India: It took support at falling trend line on daily chart. Now Rs 335 would act as a strong support, upside move led by short covering may be seen in the stock. Trade with Rs 350 strike call if holds Rs 350 levels.
Cipla: The stock is the top Nifty 50 gainer of the month. One can trade in Rs 600 strike call for upswing.
Aditya Birla Nuvo: The stock is among the top F&O gainers of the month. Even after the market pressure it is holding the gains. Once above Rs 1,740, traders can go for a fresh long position.
Wipro: The stock is near to all major hurdles and is set for a fresh breakout. We have a negative bias on all infrastructure and real estate stocks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: For the world FDI is an opportunity: ModiUpdated: September 25, 2014 17:33 IST
FDI for Indians is First Develop India, says Modi
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching the 'Make In India' logo with Kalraj Mishra (left), Minister for Micro Small and Medium Enterprises and Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce and Industry in New Delhi. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
The Hindu The logo of 'Make in India' unveiled at the event in Delhi on Thursday.
A screen grab of Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Make in India campaign in New Delhi on Thursday.
With his "Come, make in India" slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.
12.35: PM Narendra Modi concludes his speech.
I urge those of you who've been considering leaving India to stay back, flourish here first, then decide: PM Modi #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.35: Today is a very special day for me. It is the birth anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Uoadhyaya, who has inspired us through our lives: PM
12.35: This country is yours. Develop your business within the country and then step out, don't go out of compulsion: PM
"We want highways. We also want i-ways - information ways for a Digital India" PM @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.33: Govt is committed to growth, there is no political agenda but article of faith; States and Centre should work as a team; development of States is development of India: Narendra Modi
12.30: This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as MNCs: PM
12.28: I want Indian companies to be multi-national ones. But they should make the country stronger: PM Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.24: Want to enhance Public-Private Partnerships in skills development: Narendra Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.23: We have reversed the trend of investors going outside the country: Narendra Modi
12.20: Nobody can question the talent of our people...especially after yesterday: PM
"We don't have to tell the world our address, there'll be a Vasco da Gama in every nook and corner in India"- PM @narendramodi #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.16: Be assured you will not lose your money: PM to industrialists.
@narendramodi : "Don't think of India just as a market. The quicker Indian middle class grows the bigger the market becomes" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.15: I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance: Narendra Modi
12.12: My 3 month experience tells me that the entire team has a very positive outlook and thinking. They are 2 steps ahead of me too: Narendra Modi
Combination of democracy, demographic dividend & growing demand India's USP: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.12: The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address: PM
"FDI means #FirstDevelopedIndia for me." PM Shri @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia launch.
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.09: Industry does not come when there are too many incentive schemes. We have to create a development & growth oriented environment: Narendra Modi
This is the step of a Lion...Make in India: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.06: We have to increase manufacturing and at the same time ensure that the benefits reach the youth of our nation: PM
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.05: My definition of FDI for the people of India is First Develop India: PM
12.04: Rule of law should be there, corporate government responsibility should be the norm: PM.
12.04: People are talking about FDI but I see things differently. FDI is also a responsibility for the people of India: PM
For the world FDI is an opportunity: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.03: Mantra of our Government is that we want to trust each and every India. The atmosphere of trust can change a lot of things: Narendra Modi
12.02: Who is the Government for? It is for every Indian. It is for the poorest of the poor: Narendra Modi
12.01: A decision on self certification...many may feel this is a small step but what can be bigger than trusting 125 crore Indians: Narendra Modi
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.59: A trust was broken that when a policy will be changed, when CBI will come...this is what I heard from all you: Narendra Modi
We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India. Can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.58: Yet, when I heard such views I felt very sad. Why must our own people want to leave India: Narendra Modi
11.57: Whenever I met people for the last few years they would tell me — we want to shift out. I never saw political reasons behind it: PM Modi
11.55: I was hearing the business leaders. My Ministerial colleague also shared insight, we even saw the film: Prime Minister Narendra Modi
11.53: The Prime Minister starts addressing the gathering.
11.52: PM also unveils 'Make in India' brochure. Set of brochure covering 25 sectors covering just what every investor needs to invest in India.
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
11.50: PM Narendra Modi unveils the 'Make in India' logo. Make in India logo is derived from Ashok Chakra: wheel denotes peaceful progress, and the lion stands for strength and tenacity.
The information & facts that potential investors need for each sector have been compiled in brochures. #MakeInIndia pic.twitter.com/8rxGzCd0nF
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.45: Prime Minister will unveil the global 'Make in India' logo shortly.
11.40: My next investment destination is Madhya Pradesh: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar: " #MakeInIndia has given a mantra to eliminate all the ailments our economy has been suffering from"
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.39: Problems of inflation, unemployment can be resolved through domestic manufacturing: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar to @narendramodi "Boldness of your vision and the simplicity with which you have communicated it is inspiring" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.38: Like others, I am also inspired by the boldness of your vision and simplicity of your communication: Y.C. Deveshwar
"Make in India" campaign going global. Outreach now underway in Indonesia. pic.twitter.com/Jxmjfd4wfb
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
11.37: Y.C. Deveshwar, ITC Chairman, is speaking now.
11.36: We believe India is the epicentre of innovation: Phil Shaw.
11.35: With a supportive Government in India, as we do have here, we can do a lot more: Phil Shaw
11.33: Phil Shaw, CEO of Lockheed Martin India is speaking now.
Watch Live:
11.32: Train 5000 youth to give them basic skills o make them employable in industries. All of them are fully employed and more than 30% of them are young girls from semi urban and rural areas: Chanda Kochhar
We believe India is an epicentre of innovation: Mr. Shaw, Lockheed Martin India
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.30: We have been playing a role in manufacturing in India for the last 60 years. In the last one year we are focuses on skill training our youth: Chanda Kochhar
Chanda Kochhar @ICICIBank : "As a nation we need to focus on 4 areas- rules & regulations, infrastructure, policies and skill training."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.25: We will ensure that whatever gets made in India is best globally and that manufacturing processes are sustainable, and at competitive costs. We need to focus on the ease of doing business; the industry would need all infrastructure and we will need to give youth the resources to involve themselves in manufacturing: Chanda Kochhar, ICICI Bank CEO
11.23: Manufacturing has to become the next big wave. India is already a manufacturing hub for Birla group. More than 80% of revenue comes from Indian manufacturing for Birla group: K.M. Birla
Make in India has a very special resonance for our group: Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.21: India is a global IT hub and reservoir of human capital: K.M. Birla
11.20: Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman, Adithya Birla Group is now speaking
Azim Premji @Wipro : "True success of manufacturing lies in the ability to service global markets" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.18: The PM vision as a manufacturing powerhouse calls for educated workforce of thinkers and problem solvers: Azim Premji
11.11: Creating 1,25,000 new jobs in the next 12 to 15 months; With your leadership India can come back to fast growth trajectory; 8 and 10 per cent growth potential for India: Mukesh Ambani to PM
India's top Industrialists (from left) Tata Group Chairman Cyrus Mistry; Maruti Suzuki CEO Kenichi Ayukawa; Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani; Bosch Executive Director Franz Hauber; Wipro Chairman Azim Premji during the launch of "Make In India" at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
11.10: Implementation of GST will make India one market and strengthen overall 'Make in India' programme: Ambani.
11.09: Make in India is typical to your style. Make is for all Indians and the world. Make is for the present and the future. Important for us to succeed in global competitiveness: Mukesh Ambani to PM
Mr. Mukesh Ambani: "When the world looks at India, let nobody have a doubt that we can be competitive on global terms." #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.08: On behalf on Indian industries I commit myself to the Make in India program: Mukesh Ambani
11.07: You gave us a vision of digital India goes hand in hand with make in india framework, Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.06: You have focused Indians towards the present and the future: Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.05: Today is a historic day for Indian industry: Mukesh Ambani. For Make In India movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
Today we commit ourselves to Make India, a call that was given by our beloved PM on Independence Day: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.03: Mukesh Ambani, Chairman, Reliance industries Ltd. speaks.
My warm greetings to everyone on Navratri. Today is undoubtedly a historic day for Indian industry: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
MD Suzuki Motor Corp Kenichi Ayukawa: "India has the potential to become the most powerful car manufacturer of the world" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.55: Kenichi Ayukawa, CEO of Maruti Suzuki speaks. "We have been able to implement Japanese work practices in India."
Cyrus Mistry, @TataCompanies : "We are greatly encouraged that the #MakeinIndia programme is bringing together industry and government."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.51: India has 2 strategic advantages — our human capital and a market which affords scale and growth: Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons
Under leadership of our PM, Make in India is bringing together industry and government: Mr. Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons. http://t.co/Mv6VWi6ubN
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
10.49: Fully committed to de-licensing, deregulating and taking India to high growth trajectory: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.47: Series of measures taken on ease of doing business: Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
10.46: Make in India is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with single minded commitment, about new processes: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.45: Presentation on wooing investors being played in all state capitals. PM's speech will be translated into other foreign languages.
10.40: Union Minister of State for Commerce and Industry and Finance and Corporate Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman begins her address,"We want to make India A global manufacuring destination. We have a liberalised FDI policy. We have created a dedicated team to invest in India to assist and handhold investors from across the globe""
'Make in India' going global.Indian Missions translating into Arabic,Chinese,German, Russian, Japanese,Spanish & more pic.twitter.com/TjEDnOhTtG
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
10.30: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India campaign begins: aims to attract foreign companies in Indian infrastructure. To highlight liberalised defence manufacturing.
10.20: Mukesh Ambani, Cyrus Mistry, Osamu Suzuki, KM Birla, Azim Premji expected to speak at 'Make in India' launch
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the “Make In India” campaign, aimed at reviving the job-creating manufacturing sector — key to taking the economy on a sustainable high growth path.
The drive, the Modi government hopes, will do for investment sentiment what the “Incredible India” campaign has accomplished for tourism. With his “Come, make in India” slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.

PM Modi Unveils a Lion Logo for his Make-in-India CampaignCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday defined FDI as he sees it. "For Indians FDI is First Develop India...for foreigners, it is an opportunity," the PM said to an audience of CEOs that packed Delhi's Vigyan Bhawan, where Mr Modi launched his ambitious "Make in India" campaign. ( Highlights of PM Modi's speech )
The campaign, he said, "is the step of a lion." The logo is a striding lion made of cogs, symbolising manufacturing, strength and national pride. The Make in India campaign aims at turning the country into a global manufacturing hub by smoothening business processes and attracting foreign companies to set up factories in India and invest in the country's infrastructure. The focus, on creating jobs and helping the "poor reach the middle class faster," said the PM.
(Also read: PM Modi's Make-in-India pitch: 10 key takeaways )
About 500 top CEOs, including leading lights of India Inc, listened intently as Mr Modi outlined his vision. Good governance, he said, was not enough. There must be "effective governance that investors must feel."
The PM emphasised on a need to rebuild investors' trust and provide them with a better investment climate. "Incentive isn't enough, we need a climate for growth," Mr Modi said promising faster decision making and a better policy environment for global and domestic corporates.
Improving the ease of doing business was a priority, the PM said. And that the country must rise to number 50 in the world on that count. Right now, India ranks 134th out of 189 countries on ease of doing business, according to the World Bank.
He also launched a website - www.makeinindia.com - through which a dedicated cell will answer business queries within 72 hours.
Later in the day, PM Modi left for a six-day visit to the US, where he will meet CEOs of several Fortune 500 companies.
Speaking before the PM, India's richest man Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries said, "PM Modi dreams and does, working 14 hours a day and motivates a billion Indians to dream and do," and promised that his company would create 1.25 lakh new jobs over the next 12-15 months as part of the "Make in India movement." (Read: At 'Make in India' launch, Mukesh Ambani pledges 1.25 lakh jobs )
Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry said, "Key challenges like building critical infrastructure and putting in place transparent tax and Duty structures have to be met...Make in India is a unique opportunity for government and business to work together."
Other captains of industry also spoke, each pledging commitment to the Make in India campaign. The Modi sales pitch was beamed simultaneously in state capitals and Indian missions abroad.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 14:06 (IST)

Make in India  will give thrust to manufacturing  says PM ModiSep 25, 2014, 03.16 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Make in India to develop nation as mfg superpower: Modi
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Make in India to develop nation as mfg superpower: Modi
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development.
Post your opinion here
 
PM Modi wraps up his address for Make in India campaign by delivering Navratri wishes to the nation.
12:35 pm: Whether state or central government, we will proactively take up the role of being a facilitator of exports. Investors who are thinking of leaving, should abandon such thoughts. This is not a political agenda, but an article of faith, says PM Modi
“This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as MNCs,” PM says to industrialists.
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development
“There is a new era of economic growth that is in Asia and we have to see how to make it India's, he adds.
12: 25 pm: In Asia only India has democracy, demographic dividend and demand that the world's industry is seeking, he adds.
Nobody can question India's talent after India's successful maiden visit to Mars, says Modi while congratulating ISRO, whose Mangalyaan rocket is now orbiting Mars.
"I do not only talk about good governance, I talk about effective governance," says Modi. We have the 'Look East' policy and at the same time we have 'Link West' too, adds PM.
12:15 pm: "Belief and trust in people is the most important thing a government can give its citizens," Modi adds. He says FDI for Indians is a responsibility while for the rest of the world it is an opportunity.
His definition for FDI is First Develop India
Emphasising on the need for jobs, Modi says India must create opportunities of employment for if the poor get jobs the purchasing power of families will increase and this will increase consumption demand in the country.
He urges corporates to not just view India as a market but rather as an opportunity.
"The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite, I need to give the address," adds PM Modi.
12:02: PM Modi says he does not want to see any company leave India. We have been able to bring about a change in the last few months, adds Modi.
He says he is glad to see Indian industry is convinced of this government's commitment.
Modi further says there were apprehensions about previous government's policies. Make In India campaign will give thrust to manufacturing in India, he adds.
FDI is also a responsibility of the people of India, he says.
11:48 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches 'Make in India' campaign
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today unveiled the 'Make in India' logo as well the brochure which covers India's national manufacturing policy along with 25 sectors that will be covered under the MakeInIndia plan.
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
11:40 am: We believe India is the epicentre of innovation though many innovatpors do not have the way to take their innovations abroad, says Phil Shaw, CEO of Lockheed Martin India.
With a supportive government in India, as we do have here, we can do a lot more, adds Shaw.
Meanwhile, ITC's Yc Deveshwar says India has suffered from jobless growth and consumption in the last 5 years which is not sustainable and is a recipe of disaster. Deveshwar praised Modi for identifying the right strategy to eliminate the ailments that the Indian economy has been suffering from.
He adds the biggest beneficiaries of Make in India will be the youth. Currently 12 million youth come to the market every year, but only 2 million jobs are created.
11:30 am: What is being launched today at the Make in India campaign will be the next growth driver for India and creater of jobs, said ICICI Bank CEO and MD, Chanda Kochhar.
"Manufacturers and bankers would like to ensure that whatever gets made in India is the best product available globally, at competitive cost and is sustainable," said Kochhar.
India's indigenous science and skills is now orbiting Mars in just USD 74 million compared to more than USD 650 million by NASA for a similar mission, she said.
On employment, Kochhar said manufacturing has the potential to add 9 crore jobs in the next ten years.
India Inc needs sector-specific policies, skills development, says Chanda Kochhar
ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar pledges support to PM's #MakeinIndia campaign
She further adds that manufacturing will strengthen the macro-economic stability of the country and India needs to improve ease of doing business and access to infrastructure.
11:20 am: Wipro founder Azim Premji says products made in India are suitable for all climates. Indian products reflect low-cost innovative designs, he adds. Premji further says
competitiveness comes from outthinking others.
"Our manufacturing facilities consist of 13 around the world of which 5 are in India."
Meanwhile, Kumar Mangalam Birla of the Birla Group said it is high time India become a preferred  choice for global companies as a manufacturing hub and not just an IT hub.
"Manufacturing has to become the next big wave for us," he adds.
11: 10 am: Praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his leadership, chairman of Reliance Industries, Mukesh Ambani said Modi's unique leadership quality is that he dreams and does a the same time, working over 14 hours a day and at the same time motivating  over a billion Indians to dream and do.
RIL chief Mukesh Ambani addresses the gathering, says, "Today is a historic day for the Indian industry."
He also adds that it is important that India is open to foreign capital and expertise.
"We commit ourselves to 'Make in India' movement," says RIL chief Mukesh Ambani during the campaign launch.
'Make in India' is an opportunity given to thousands of Indians, he adds Mukesh Ambani
Reliance Industries to create 1.25 lakh jobs in next 12-15 months, says Mukesh Ambani.
11: 05 am: Kenichi Ayukawa of Maruti Suzuki addresses the gathering, says, "We realised the potential of India very early."
11:00 am: Under leadership of PM Modi, 'Make in India' is bringing together industry and government: Cyrus Mistry
Cyrus Mistry of Tata Sons addresses the gathering, says, "India has 2 strategic advantages- our human capital and a market which affords scale and growth."
10: 55 am: Fully committed to make India a global manufacturing hub: Sitharaman
'Make in India' is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with single minded commitment, about new processes: Sitharaman.
10: 45 am: Commerce & Industries Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad share the dais with PM at the launch function
10:35 am: Modi, in his maiden Independence Day speech, had made a pitch to improve India's manufacturing to create jobs to revive growth. A month and half later, the government is launching the initiative both at national and state level.
10:34 am: Top industrialists including Chanda Kochchar, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Azim Premji and Kiran Majumdar Shaw arrive at the launch of 'Make in India' campaign.
10:31 am: The campaign is expected to give a collective thrust to manufacturing in India and will seek greater foreign investment in the country.
10:30 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the much awaited 'Make in India' campaign in New Delhi today.
10: 16 am Mukesh Ambani, Azim Premji at Make In India campaign launch
10:13 am Cyrus Mistry, KM Birla to attend launch of Make In India campaign
10:13 an RC Bhargava, YC Deveshwar attend Make In India campaign launch
RELATED NEWS

Forbes list: Here are India`s 10 richest men!Earnings USD 23.6 Billion
 
India’s richest man has added USD 2.6 billion to his wealth, even as his USD 55 billion (market cap) Reliance Industries, which owns the KG-D6 offshore oilfield, is battling government’s decision to review an increase in gas prices approved by the previous regime. 
 
Telecom arm Reliance Jio Infocomm bought additional telecom spectrum for USD 1.8 billion in a February auction, and is due to roll out 4G services using younger brother Anil’s fibre optic network. 
 
In May, Reliance paid USD 655 million for media outfit Network18, which owns, among much else, television channels CNBC-TV18 and CNN-IBN, and publishes Forbes India and Moneycontrol. 
Sign in

Crestchem s AGM on Sept 30  2014Sep 25, 2014, 12.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Crestchem's AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Crestchem Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crestchem's AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Crestchem Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Crestchem Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

China hails India s Mars mission success as landmark progressSep 25, 2014 at  12:11pm IST
China hails Mangalyaan success as a landmark progress
7
0
Beijing: China on Wednesday congratulated India for its successful Mars mission saying that it was not only a proud achievement for the country and Asia but also a "landmark progress" in mankind's exploration of outer space.
"We have seen the report and congratulate India on the Mars satellite entering the orbit successfully," Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hua Chunying told a media briefing here while replying to a question on the successful sojourn of India's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft 'Mangalyaan'.
"This is pride of India and Pride of Asia and also is a landmark progress in humankind's exploration of outer space. So we congratulate India on that," she said.
China congratulated India for its successful Mars mission saying that it was a "landmark progress" in mankind's exploration of outer space.
#china #mangalyaan #mars mission #india
Responding to a question on whether China sees any room to work with India on space exploration in future, she said, "China always maintained peaceful development of outer space and carry out cooperation in this regard."
"We are willing to work with the world to peacefully develop and explore the outer space and make contribution to the sustainable development and long term peace of the outer space," Hua said.
Though China has been successful in launching manned missions into space as well as unmanned missions to Moon, it has not been successful in launching a probe to Mars so far.
A Russian spacecraft carrying China's first Mars exploration probe, Yinghuo-1, which was launched in 2011, crashed a year later.
Mangalyaan provides a lead to India in this regard, though China which has an advanced space programme is in the process of constructing a space station which is expected to be ready by 2020.
Watched by Prime Minister Modi, Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientists broke into wild cheers and congratulated each other after the 1,350 kg spacecraft was manoeuvred into its designated place, capping a 666 million km journey that began on November 5 last year.
When Mangalyaan was launched in November last, state-run Global Times daily in its editorial at that time said it would give an advantage to India.
"India has an ambitious goal of leading Asia in this area, especially having an advantage over China," it had said.
"As poor as India is, New Delhi managed to carry out its Mars exploration programme with a budget of only USD 74 million, much less than the spending of China and Japan," it said.
Some Chinese experts likened the entry of the Mars probe into orbit as being equivalent to hitting a "golf ball from Tokyo into a hole in Paris".
15

People s Climate March Signs Speak Volumesreddit
Last Sunday, I had the pleasure of joining around 400,000 people in New York to express the urgent need for meaningful climate action. From my vantage point with the NRDC contingent, the incredibly diverse and festive group had a great deal to say. Since a picture speaks a thousand words, check out this fun slideshow featuring some of my favorite protest signs. Thanks everyone who jammed the streets as part of the LARGEST CLIMATE MARCH EVER! Let's keep up the pressure, especially in the upcoming election cycle and leading up to Paris 2015.
Close
Favorite People's Climate March Signs
of

What caused the tiger to attack man in Delhi zooEYE BROWSE
What caused the tiger to attack man in Delhi zoo
A day after killing a 20-year-old man, white tiger Vijay has been placed under observation in its cage at the Delhi Zoo.  The animal will remain under observation for the next three to five days. According to the zoo keepers, Vijay is quite a “docile animal” who was in a playful mood when Maqsood fell into the moat. “But as is clear from the video, constant noise by the crowd and stone pelting angered the animal,” a senior official of the National Zoological Park (NZP) told Mail Today.
A day after killing a 20-year-old man, white tiger Vijay has been placed under observation in its cage at the Delhi Zoo.
The animal will remain under observation for the next three to five days. “The ... more 
A day after killing a 20-year-old man, white tiger Vijay has been placed under observation in its cage at the Delhi Zoo.
The animal will remain under observation for the next three to five days. “The white tiger has not shown any unusual behaviour so far. He ate buffalo meat on Tuesday at 4.30pm after the incident, and had the regular meal on Wednesday. He doesn't need any medication and is not stressed either,” said zoo’s veterinarian Dr. Paneer Selvam. AFP PHOTO/DELHI POLICE less 
1 / 10
Yahoo India | Photo by AFP
Thu 25 Sep, 2014 11:30 AM IST

Live: PM Modi launches  Make in India  campaignModi launches 'Make in India' campaign
Yahoo India –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014
Print
Prime Minister Narendra Modi Thursday launched his pet "Make in India" campaign to put India prominently on the global manufacturing map and, in turn, facilitate the inflow of new technology and capital, while creating millions of jobs.
The ambitious scheme, that also puts in place the logistics and systems to address in a timely manner queries of potential investors, was unveiled along with a logo, a portal and brochures on 25 identified growth sectors before Who's Who of the corporate world from India and abroad at the Vigyan Bhavan conference complex here.
The event was watched live in several cities in India and abroad via video conferencing.
Laying out the red carpet before investors, the prime minister said: "After what we have done and what I hear from you, I don't think I need to assure you any further on 'Make in India'." He hoped industry across the globe will take his invite seriously.
He said he was saddened in the past to see scores of Indians leaving the country to seek opportunities elsewhere. People have lost faith in Indian manufacturing and themselves. "We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India," he said.
"A trust was broken -- that when a policy will be changed, when will the CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) come. This is what I heard from all you. The biggest issue is trust. Why don't we trust each other? I want to change that."
The prime minister said for him the term FDI for the domestic industry did not expand to "foreign direct investment" but "first develop India". "We have to create opportunities of employment. If the poor get jobs the purchasing power of families will increase."
Pointing to campaign logo, he said: "This is the step of a Lion... Make in India."
Recommend

European Factors to Watch-Shares seen steady  H&M eyedEuropean Factors to Watch-Shares seen steady  H&M eyed
SC strikes down National Tax TribunalSC strikes down National Tax Tribunal
Asian Games 2014: 10 Best PicturesAsian Games 2014: 10 Best Pictures
US Investors Warm up to PM Modi  but Want Quick Reforms  Tax ClarityUS Investors Warm up to PM Modi  but Want Quick Reforms  Tax Clarity
Govt determined to push share of manufacturing in GDP to 25 %: Nirmala SitharamanGovt determined to push share of manufacturing in GDP to 25 %: Nirmala Sitharaman
CCI Gives Green Signal to Generic Auto Parts MarketCCI Gives Green Signal to Generic Auto Parts Market
Deallocation of mines to have limited impact on operational power projects: CRISILDeallocation of mines to have limited impact on operational power projects: CRISIL
Goa govt finalises RFQ for Mopa airportGoa govt finalises RFQ for Mopa airport
PTI
Manohar Parrikar
Panaji, Sept 25:  
The request for quotation (RFQ) for the proposed international airport in North Goa’s Mopa village has been finalised by a steering committee led by Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar.
“A major milestone on Mopa international airport was reached today after RFQ was finalised by the steering committee,” Parrikar tweeted to announce the decision taken late last night.
“RFQ for Mopa will be available in public domain from the auspicious day of Dussehra,” he said.
A request for quotation (RFQ) is a standard business procedure aimed at inviting suppliers to the bidding process for specific products or services.
Mopa international airport has drawn opposition from certain sections in South Goa upon fears that an airport in North Goa would adversely affect the tourism industry in their district.
“We have taken a decision, whether some people like it or not... Goa needs a second airport,” the Chief Minister said at a function organised by Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) here this morning.
He said that associations like CII should support the government in its endeavour because that would also help generate employment.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Hinduja brothers presented Lifetime Achievement Award in UKHinduja brothers presented Lifetime Achievement Award in UK
PTI
Tweet
London, Sept 25:  
Leading NRI businessmen G P Hinduja and S P Hinduja have been honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award in Business at a ceremony in the House of Lords.
The award, constituted by the Indo-European Business Forum (IEBF), was presented to the Hinduja brothers at the event which was hosted by Baroness Sandip Verma, an Indian- origin minister in the UK’s Department of Energy and Climate Change.
IEBF was founded back in 2007 by Indian-origin lawyer Vijay Goel as a non-profit platform to promote business ties between India and the EU.
“The Indian community is the backbone of the UK. I have never calculated my wealth but I believe humbleness is the best ornament and friends and wisdom are my wealth,” said G P Hinduja, co-chairman of the Hinduja Group of industries.
As part of the IEBF’s inaugural awards event, Indian entrepreneur Anil Agarwal, founder and executive chairman of Vedanta Resources, was honoured with a Global Businessman of the Year award.
His London Stock Exchange listed natural resources firm is marking 10 years since its listing this week.
“This award goes to the UK-India relationship. As the new government rides a wave of majority, let’s strive to take India to a different level,” he said.
An award for leadership was presented to Britain’s Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, who could not attend the event due to high-level government talks around the UK’s role in tackling the Syrian crisis.
Indian cricket legend Kapil Dev was also honoured with a Lifetime Achievement award at the ceremony.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Sensex sheds 114 points ahead of F&O expiry today; metal  power stocks lose shineSensex tanks 276 points; realty, oil & gas stocks slump
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
Continuing to reel under the impact of coal de-allocation by the Supreme Court, Sensex dipped 276 points to 26,468 on Thursday.
The benchmark index opened on the higher side at 26,809 against the previous close of 26,745. It made a high of 26,814 and low of 26,350 before closing at 26,468.
Turnover on BSE was down marginally at Rs 3,624 crore against Rs 3,653 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was down 91 points at 7,912.
Shares across sectors including banking, oil and gas and metal were down in a trade marked by high volatility as investors rolled over their position from near month to the October contract in the futures and options segment.
Bank stocks extended losses incurred in the previous day’s trading session on concern over bad loans due to their exposure to coal mines after the Supreme Court's decision cancelling most coal block allocations since 1993.
Among PSU banks that declined include Canara Bank (-5%), Union Bank of India (-7%), Bank of India (-8%), Punjab National Bank (-6%), Syndicate Bank (-8%), Indian Overseas Bank (-7%), Oriental Bank of Commerce (-8%), and Dena Bank (-4%).
State Bank of India fell four per cent to Rs 2,378 as the bank after market hours on Wednesday said the board has approved a 10-for-1 stock split.
Andhra Bank tumbled 12 per cent to Rs 64 on reports that it has a loan exposure of Rs 4,346 crore to companies whose coal blocks were cancelled by the Supreme Court.
Major gainers were Aurobindo Pharma (8%), Infratel (5%), Dr Reddy’s (3%) and TCS (2%).
Prominent losers were JP Associate (-19%), JP Power (-14%), JP Infratec (-13%),
IDBI (-11%), Financial Technologies (-10%), Strides Arcolab (-10%), HDIL (-9%) and Adani Power (-9%).
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Live Make in India: We need highways and i-ways  says PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jolla launches its first Sailfish smartphone in India at Rs 16 499Print
The Jolla smartphone runs on a 1.4 GHz dual-core Qualcomm processor and Sailfish OS along with 1 GB RAM and 16 GB internal memory.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:32 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 4:48 pm
Finnish startup company Jolla, founded by former Nokia employees, has launched its first smartphone running Sailfish operating system in India. Jolla boasts it to be a button-less phone and provides a gesture-based experience.
Priced at Rs. 16,400, the smartphone runs on a 1.4 GHz dual-core Qualcomm processor along with 1 GB RAM and 16 GB internal memory which can be expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card. Jolla has partnered exclusively with Snapdeal.com to sell its Sailfish smartphone in India.
The Jolla smartphone comes with a 4.5-inch qHD 5-point multi-touch display with Gorilla 2 glass protection. It mounts an 8 MP auto focus rear camera with LED flash at the back along with a 2 MP camera in the front.
Sailfish OS is built on an open platform and is based on the abandoned MeeGo project founded by Intel and Nokia. It supports Android apps and comes with Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter and users can download other Android apps via Yandex and Aptoide Stores along with other Android marketplaces.
The smartphone heavily depends on gestures and has no navigation buttons. Another interesting feature is that the phone comes in two halves. Jolla calls the rear half as “The Other Half” and claims it to be more than just a back cover. These are smart covers which can automatically change the colour theme, wallpaper, font along with some tweaks to the UI when changed. Jolla will look forward to further innovate this segment to even include solar panels.
Specs:
4.5-inch IPS qHD 5-point multi-touch display Gorilla 2 Glass protection
Qualcomm dual core 1.4 GHz processor
1GB RAM
Sailfish OS with Android app compatibity
8 megapixel AF camera with LED flash
2 megapixel front-facing camera
16 GB internal storage expandable up to 32 GB via microSD card
Sensors: Proximity, Accelerometer, Gyro, E-compass, Ambient light
Micro SIM

Sensex  Nifty fall most in 2-1/2 months;wealth drops 1.6 tnComments
Indian markets on Tuesday suffered a big jolt with Sensex crashing 431 points and Nifty plunging 129 points in their worst drop in two-and-a-half months following a sell-off in overseas markets on concerns over global growth.
Slower foreign fund inflow and profit-booking after recent bull run ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts on Thursday also weighed on domestic sentiments.
Over 2,100 stocks listed on the BSE fell on Tuesday, wiping out more than Rs. 1.63 lakh crore in investor wealth.
Selling was seen across-the-board as all 12 sectoral indices closed in the red logging losses between 0.38% and 4.91%.
Realty, oil and gas, capital goods, metal and pharma segments led the downslide.
On the global front, data spooked investors after data showed Eurozone's private sector activity slowed again this month. This sent major European markets on a downward spiral.
In Asia, indices closed mixed with a downward bias after a survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low even as manufacturing grew more thane expectations in September.
Back home, the BSE 30-share barometer, after few minutes intro trading touched a high of 27,256.87 but fell soon on emergence of profit-booking.
Heavy selling forced the index to conclude at 26,775.69, a steep fall of 431.05 points or 1.58%.
Previously, it had stumbled by 517.97 points or 1.98% on July 8, 2014.
Similarly, the wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE tanked by 128.75 points or 1.58% to end at 8,017.55.
This is its worst drop since July 8 when it fell 164 points.
"Markets fell sharply on the back of profit booking and negative global cues. The selling pressure gained momentum after data released on Eurozone economic activity indicated continuing weakness in the region," said Sanjeev Zarbade, vice president- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Stocks like Cipla, Tata Motors, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Tata Power were major laggards on Tuesday.
TCS, Sun Pharma, SBI, RIL, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Coal India fell sharply.
Bucking the trend, stocks of Hindustan Unilever, ITC, Maruti Suzuki and NTPC gained. Second-line stocks also suffered heavy losses on profit selling by retail investors.

Syndicate Bank CMD dismissed from serviceSyndicate Bank CMD dismissed from service
R Yegya Narayanan
Sudhir Kumar Jain, Syndicate Bank CMD. (file photo)
Coimbatore, Sept 23:  
Sudhir Kumar Jain, who was suspended from the post of Syndicate Bank CMD from August 2, after CBI registered a case against him for bribery, has been dismissed from service with immediate effect.
In a communication to the stock exchanges today, the bank said that the Central Government in its letter dated September 22 has "terminated the term of office'' of Sudhir Kumar Jain as Chairman-cum-Managing Director of the bank with immediate effect.
He had been placed "under deemed suspension'' with effect from August 2, 2014 in the wake of his arrest by CBI for allegedly accepting bribe to hike the credit limit of some private companies bypassing rules.
The two companies named in the case were Prakash Industries and Bhushan Steel, some of whose senior executives, apart from others, have been charged.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Supranationals borrow at record levels‘Supranationals’ borrow at record levels
By Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd74d462-423a-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimcos nimble Gross falls from gracePimco’s once nimble Gross slips from favour
By David Oakley, Tracy Alloway and Chris Newlands
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ddf17dc-4409-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

After creating history  Mangalyaan sends first set of pictures of MarsComments
The Mars orbiter spacecraft started sending its first high quality images of the Red Planet late on Wednesday, Isro sources said, allaying fears that the missions cameras had failed.
“Images are clicked. Data is downloaded. Process is going on,” a top Isro official said, replying to a question on whether the spacecraft had taken pictures of Mars’ surface.
India's Mars Orbiter spacecraft has sent five pictures of the red planet's surface, said a senior Isro official. "The Mars Orbiter has started sending pictures. We have received five pictures and these are under processing," the official said, preferring anonymity.
Images were expected to arrive in the afternoon but there was no news about it till evening causing some concern.
Earlier on Wednesday, India created history by becoming the first country to succeed on its first Mars mission when Isro's Mangalyaan slipped into Martian orbit after a few nail-biting moments.
The country joined the United States, European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union in the elite club of Martian explorers with the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately called MOM.
"History has been created by our scientists", said PM Narendra Modi in his speech immediately after the scientists declared the mission a success. "We have dared to reach out to the unknown."
"When our cricketers win a tournament, we celebrate in a big way. What these scientists have achieved is thousand times bigger," he added.
Read: From lighter rocket to slingshot, Isro innovates its way to Mars
Earlier, there were some tense moments at the Indian Space and Research Organisation (Isro), which commanded a series of tricky manoeuvres to position the spacecraft in its designated orbit around Mars.
The insertion started at 4.17am when the spacecraft switched over to the medium gain antenna for providing  the communication link during the insertion. At 6.56am, the spacecraft  initiated the process of forward rotation, reducing its speed.
Watch: 5 Things You Must Know About Mars Orbiter Mission
Read: Knew MOM will be a success, says PM Modi
At 7.17am, the scientists had to grapple with the most critical moment — when the liquid apogee motor had to be fired. The motor was woken up for four seconds on Monday during a test-fire after 300 days of long sleep.
The motor was fired for 24 minutes, reducing the velocity of the spacecraft  by 4.2km per second in relation to Mars. This was soon followed by  moments of tension and anxiety when the communication broke as the spacecraft slipped  behind Mars as the  scientists waited for the  good news.
At 7.45am, the occult ended and after two minutes, communication with the spacecraft resumed and data was flashed about the performance of the liquid apogee motor.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi  congratulated Isro scientists after the mission met with success.
HT interactives : Ride the Mangalyaan  | MOM sensors
Most of MOM’s Mars orbit insertion happened in the dark because the spacecraft was around the surface of the planet that did not receive sunlight.
Mangalyaan, which relies on homegrown technology, is a remarkably low budget mission of about $75 million. Nasa's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, which reached its position around the Red Planet on Sunday has a price tag of $671 million - nearly nine times that of MOM's.
Scientists at Nasa’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory had wished their Indian counterparts luck a day ago. “Good luck MOM. From your JPL family,” read the message posted on Isro’s Facebook page.
Read: India expands boundaries of knowledge with Mars Orbiter Mission
India's feat gains significane in the light of the fact that more than half the world's previous attempts - 23 out of 41 Mars missions - have failed, including attempts by Japan in 1999 and China in 2011.
"India has become  the first Asian country to do the Mars mission.  This also is a reflection of the growing space race between India and China as well as in the broader Asian context," senior researcher Dr. Rajeswari Pillai Rajagopalan said.
India has said its spacecraft is chiefly meant to showcase the country's high-tech space abilities. Already, India has successfully launched a lunar orbiter, Chandrayaan-1, which discovered key evidence of water on the Moon in 2008.
Read: Bollywood lauds India's date with the red planet
MOM's scientific goals including using five solar-powered instruments to gather data that will help determine how Martian weather systems work and what happened to the water that is believed to have once existed on Mars in large quantities. It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.
None of the instruments will send back enough data to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form, what conditions might make life possible and where else in the universe it might exist. Some of the data will complement research expected to be conducted by Maven.
The Isro Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) facility in Byalalu, 55 kilometres from Bangalore, along with other global centres is tracking the spacecraft. A confirmation call through a hotline from Canberra, which is the station in position to receive the first signals came in at around 8.10 am
The spacecraft is expected to circle the planet for at least six months, following an elliptical orbit that gets within 365 kilometers (227 miles) of the planet's surface at its closest and 80,000 kilometers (49,700 miles) at its farthest.
Nasa congratulated India in a Twitter message, welcoming MOM to studying the Red Planet.
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet.
(With inputs from agencies)

Day after coal block verdict  investors wait for policy cues from govtComments
Domestic companies and global investors are waiting for cues from the government on the timeline and rules for pricing and allotting coal mines that the Supreme Court cancelled in a landmark judgement on Wednesday.
Supreme Court on Wednesday announced the verdict on the coal block allocations, which were earlier found 'illegal'. (AFP Photo)
Of the total 218 blocks, only four have been spared — one  each of SAIL and NTPC, and two belonging to Reliance Power-owned Sasan Power Ltd.
Analysts also said that there could be a sharp jump in India’s coal imports in the short-term that the apex court’s decision also affects the 46 operational blocks.
  Read: Supreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
“In the event of complete de-allocation of the coal blocks, the import bill of India would jump by $3 billion,” broking and research firm Macquarie said in a recent report.
Domestic industry leaders said that the court’s ruling will likely usher in transparency, but cautioned that it could hurt sentiments and business climate if the government doesn’t quickly frame new rules and carry out the bids.
“I’m sure the government has a back-up plan as to how to accomodate the mines that have been deallocated,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman, Hindalco.
Tata Group firm Tata Power said in a statement, “Tata Power would study the order... the company looks forward to opportunities of having a new, legally enforceable framework, by which coal blocks could be awarded, perhaps at an early time.”
FICCI president Sidharth Birla hoped that the apex court’s decision would act as a precursor to a review of the “coal sector policy, paving way for full-fledged coal reforms.”
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The cancellation of coal blocks involves significant investments and will impact the economy, therefore a quick response from the government will help allay the apprehensions,” he added.
Arresting the potential erosion in investor confidence is critical to sustain the momentum that the Indian economy was showing in clawing out of its deepest slump in 25 years.
India’s gross domestic product — the total value of goods and services produced in the country — grew at 5.7% during April-June 2014, from 4.6% in the previous quarter, signalling a major jump of sub-5% growth in the last two years. Wholesale inflation rate plunged to a five-year low of 3.74% in August, prompting industry leaders to pitch for lower borrowing costs to assist investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
 

Arvind Internet to foray into e-commerce; scouts for new acquisitionacquisition
(Arvind Internet,  e-commerce…)
MUMBAI: Arvind Internet, the fledgling e-commerce arm of textile and apparel group Arvind, is looking for a wide variety of acquisition targets and has already initiated talks with a few companies. The over eight-decade-old company made its foray into the fast-growing Indian ecommerce industry in August through Creyate , a custom-clothing website which is attracting about 50 orders a day. Arvind Internet plans to launch its next property, a multi-brand apparel and accessories site around June next year.
The e-commerce arm is scoping out a wide variety of companies, said Kulin Lalbhai, 28 — the second son of Arvind chairman Sanjay Lalbhai — who is executive director at the group and heads its online retail initiative. "We will not acquire to gain scale, but for talent, for product, for market learning and information," he said, adding, "It will be surgical; we will not buy a white elephant."
Initial talks are on, said Tejinder Singh, Arvind Internet's chief operating officer. "We are looking across the board. It could be a niche logistics company, a design studio, a cataloguing company or a brand," he said. With more brick-and-mortar retailers and brands looking to launch online properties, acquisitions will become more common, according to industry experts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With canal and hut  govt stands up to China on LACGovernment stands up to China on disputed border
Sanjeev Miglani     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 13:12 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Reuters)
Earlier this month, the Indian army, stationed on a remote Himalayan plateau, built a small observation hut from where they could watch Chinese soldiers across a disputed border.
The move so irked China's military that it laid a road on territory claimed by India and demanded that the tin hut be dismantled. India refused, destroyed a part of the new road and promptly raised troop numbers in the area.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is making good on election promises of a more robust national security policy, and the fact that around 1,000 soldiers from each side are facing off in Ladakh is evidence even mighty China is not off limits.
No shots have been fired, and a brief border war between the world's two most populous nations was fought 52 years ago.
But Indian military officials said the situation in the Chumar area of Ladakh had been unusually tense in recent weeks, highlighting a simmering disagreement between the nuclear-armed neighbours that is back on the agenda at the highest level.
Modi, a nationalist who swept to power in May, was unusually forthright when Chinese President Xi Jinping visited India in mid-September, challenging Xi in private on the question of incursions along their 3,500-km contested frontier.
Afterwards, he told a news conference in the presence of the Chinese leader that peace and stability on the border were needed for better economic ties Beijing has been pressing for.
P. Stobdan, a former Indian ambassador and a Ladakhi with deep knowledge of the competing claims in the region, sees a shift in New Delhi's thinking.
"The hut has become the bone of contention. The Chinese have drawn a red line. They want it demolished before they will withdraw," he said.
Last year, the Chinese forced the Indians to demolish another hut in Chumar in return for ending a face-off.
"This time the new government does not seem to be in a mood to budge," Stobdan added.
NO LONGER BUSINESS AS USUAL
Beginning in June, as it prepared to receive Xi, Modi's government set in train a series of bold actions on the border where Indian officials say China has long been nibbling away at its territory.
It ordered faster construction of 72 strategic roads along the border to narrow the gap with China's vastly superior and intricate network of roads and tracks in the mountains.
It has also rebuilt airfields, including a landing strip laid in Daulat Beg Oldi in Ladakh in 1962, the year the two countries fought their short war.
Over the past few months C-130 Hercules planes bought from the United States have been landing at the airfield some 30 km from Depsang, the site of a 21-day standoff last year when People's Liberation Army soldiers set up tents on India's side of the 1962 ceasefire line.
V.K. Singh, minister for the northeastern states, another area where the border is in dispute with China, says it is no longer business as usual on the so-called Line of Actual Control (LAC) dividing the two countries.
Incursions from both sides are common along the ceasefire line, because their armies cannot agree where it lies, making a final settlement a distant prospect.
"Sometimes (in the past), I think for political reasons or other reasons, we would have said OK, leave it. But that perpetuates the problem, it doesn't solve the problem," said Singh, a former army chief handpicked to beef up civilian and military infrastructure in the northeast.
"You keep giving a concession, it only perpetuates the problem. So somewhere up the hierarchy someone has to say 'let's hold on'," he told Reuters in an interview about the latest confrontation with China .
India was humiliated in the 1962 war and, since then, while it has built up its conventional military and nuclear and missile capabilities, it has been careful to avoid showdowns at the border, which, despite 17 rounds of talks over two decades, remains unsettled.
Hu Zhiyong, a research fellow with the Institute of International Relations at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, told China's state-run Global Times that the Modi government's moves to build up infrastructure and equipment on the Indian side of the LAC signalled a shift in posture.
"The 'offensive' strategy aims to gain more leverage in the talks," Hu told the fiercely nationalist newspaper.
HIGH-ALTITUDE HUT
The chain of events leading to the latest tensions began in Demchok, on the southeastern corner of Ladakh. On August 18, India started building an irrigation canal there as part of the government's rural jobs guarantee programme.
China protested, saying it was located inside its territory.
Then, on September 8, Indian troops erected their observation hut on a hillock in Chumar, one of the areas along the LAC where India has the tactical advantage of height.
Retired Indian army brigadier Gurmeet Kanwal, who has served in high-altitude areas, said India's position there overlooks Chinese encampments and a dirt road leading up to the area.
Beijing's response was swift. Within a day, some 500 PLA troops crossed into the area and used cranes and bulldozers to build a 2 km (1.2-mile) road.
Later that night, Indian soldiers dug up part of that road, but the Chinese have not withdrawn from the area, which New Delhi considers to be several kilometres inside its territory.
Around 1,000 soldiers from each side are ranged against each other, and further to the east, a group of Chinese civilians backed by the PLA intruded into the Demchok sector where India was trying to build the irrigation canal, Indian officials said.
China's public comments on the latest row with India have been measured.
"The China-India border dispute is a left-over from history. The two countries' border, to this day, has not been designated, and the two sides' understanding of the real line of control is not the same," the Defence Ministry said, adding that both New Delhi and Beijing were resolved to manage the problem.
A CIVILISED CUP OF TEA
India says China violated the ceasefire line 334 times in the first eight months of this year. Chinese officials with Xi on his visit last week said India had violated the LAC 410 times, according to an Indian government official at the talks.
Border patrols have become more frequent and probing deeper into each other's territories, officials say, often running into each other. Earlier, the two armies sent out patrols on alternating days along the most contentious areas of the border so that their troops wouldn't come into contact.
"If there is a border patrol that crosses the LAC as perceived by the other side, they are supposed to offer them a cup of tea and ask them to leave immediately. The idea is it should be civilised behaviour. At times this civilised behaviour has spun out of control with soldiers roughing each other up," said an Indian officer at the army headquarters in New Delhi.
But the head of Ladakh's local government said India had neglected the border area for decades to its own and local people's detriment. Only now was it starting to plug the gaps, he added, and that had provoked the Chinese.
"We have lost so much pasture land, grazing land over a period of time to China ," said Rigzin Spalbar, chief executive councillor of the Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council.
"We told our people not to go close to the LAC, the area was left vacant and the Chinese sent their herders in. Now those areas have become their possessions."
(Additional reporting by Frank Jack Daniel in New Delhi and Megha Rajagopalan in Beijing; Editing by Mike Collett-White and John Chalmers)
(Reuters)

Seat sharing impasse on; Shiv Sena  BJP vying to win overalliesPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:00 pm
Amid indications that the 25-year-old Shiv Sena-BJP alliance might be on the verge of collapse, both parties are making efforts to win over the smaller members of the ‘Mahayuti’.
“Whatever happens, the allies will be with Sena,” the party’s mouthpiece, ‘Saamana’, claimed on Thursday.
A senior BJP leader, on the other hand, said the smaller parties know that their interests would be served only by aligning with BJP.
“Be it a Union Cabinet berth, a Rajya Sabha seat or any position in the government, they know that only BJP has the power to do it,” said the BJP leader, who did not want to be named.
After hectic parleys with Sena and BJP leaders late last night, RSP leader Mahadev Jankar had said that the four smaller parties in the six-member Mahayuti (saffron-led grand alliance) had agreed to settle for 14 seats so that Sena and BJP could share the remaining 274 seats for the Oct. 15 polls.
Sena leader Ramdas Kadam had said that the discussions concluded on a positive note.
“The smaller parties are no longer dissatisfied with the seat allocation,” Kadam had said late last night.
Another senior Sena leader, Diwakar Raote, said, “The seat sharing formula is almost finalised.”
However, in an indication of the trust deficit ahead of the Oct. 15 Assembly elections, a top state BJP leader said, “The Sena leaders tried to incite smaller constituents of the Mahayuti against us.”
The BJP leader said that Sena was not willing to settle for less than 151 seats, leaving 130 to BJP and seven for others.
“How will the allies agree to such a few seats. This formula was proposed to us by Sena but later they (Sena leaders) tried to convince our other allies that it was us who had floated the formula,” the leader alleged.
“This sort of behaviour is something which has raised our concerns,” he said.
“By not willing to come down from the 150 mark, Sena is making others insecure and indicating that it does not trust the other partners of the Mahayuti,” the leader said.
Sena president Uddhav Thackeray, who will visit the Tulja Bhavani temple in Tuljapur today, is expected to comment on the developments.
BJP president Amit Shah is scheduled to attend an event in the adjoining Thane district later today.
Junior Mahayuti allies RSP, SSP and Shiv Sangram had yesterday accused Sena and BJP of betraying them on the matter of allocation of seats but piped down after meeting leaders of both parties later in the day.

US citizen imprisoned in N Korea for espionage says hes working 8 hrs a day  but healthalrightPress Trust of India | Pyongyang | Posted: September 25, 2014 11:56 am
An American man recently sentenced by North Korea to six years of hard labor says he is working eight hours a day digging in fields and being kept in isolation, but that so far his health isn’t deteriorating.
Under close guard and with only enough time to respond to one question, 24-year-old Matthew Miller spoke briefly to an Associated Press Television News journalist at a Pyongyang hotel, where he had been brought to make a phone call to his family. It was his first appearance since he was convicted Sept. 14 of entering the country illegally to commit espionage.
“Prison life is eight hours of work per day. Mostly it’s been agriculture, like in the dirt, digging around,” Miller said when asked if he was in prison and if so what conditions were like.
“Other than that, it’s isolation, no contact with anyone. But I have been in good health, and no sickness or no hurts,” he said, showing little emotion.
Wearing a prison-style gray uniform and cap, Miller was filmed sitting down at a phone booth at the hotel and pressing the buttons on a phone while a North Korean guard stood behind him. Officials said Miller spoke to his father, but the APTN journalist was not allowed to hear the conversation. Miller does not have routine access to phone calls home.
The Bakersfield, California, native showed several letters he had written pleading for help from influential Americans, including first lady Michelle Obama, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
At Miller’s 90-minute trial, North Korea’s Supreme Court said he tore up his tourist visa at Pyongyang’s airport upon arrival on April 10 and admitted to having the “wild ambition” of experiencing prison life so that he could secretly investigate North Korea’s human rights situation.
Miller is one of three Americans detained in North Korea. Jeffrey Fowle, who was arrested in May for leaving a Bible at a sailor’s club, is expected to be tried in court soon. Kenneth Bae was sentenced in 2013 to 15 years of hard labor.
Last week, Robert King, the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues, said Pyongyang has not accepted American offers to send a high-level envoy to seek release of the three men. King said that freeing the detainees could provide a diplomatic opening in ties between the two countries, but that Washington would not give into attempts to “extort” political gain from the detentions.
King would not specify whom the Obama administration was willing to send. But Scott Snyder, senior fellow for Korea Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations think tank, said he was told by the administration that it has offered in recent weeks to send Glyn Davies, who leads U.S. diplomacy on North Korea’s nuclear weapons program, and Pyongyang has not responded favorably.
In 2009, North continued…

Live: We need to build trust  says Modi at Make in India launchLook East, Link West, says PM Modi at Make in India launch
Gaurav Choudhury , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 10:23 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:10 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his 'Make in India' programme on Thursday, ahead of his maiden visit to the US, rolling out the red carpet to investors through a string of measures including easier norms and rules aimed at transforming India into a manufacturing hub.
The Make in India programme, first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month, will lay emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement.
Catch all the live updates of the high-voltage launch here and know about the scheme.
Highlights of the Make in India campaign launch
 
What is the Make in India initiative?
It is PM Modi's signature initiative to urge companies - local and foreign - to invest in India.
What does the initiative contain?
It contains a raft of proposals designed to get foreign companies to set up shop and make the country a manufacturing powerhouse.
How was the initiative launched?
The 'Make in India' programme was first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month. On Thursday he will launch it during an event at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi that will be beamed live not just across the country but to gatherings of industrialists across the world.
What are the initiative's focus sectors?
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
What about easing of foreign investment rules?
As part of the plan, foreign investment caps in construction will be eased to enable greater participation in the NDA government's 100 smart cities project and affordable housing. FDI caps in railways and defence production have already been eased to 100% and 49%, respectively.
Why is there a need to focus on manufacturing sector?
The government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to China as costs and risks there rise. The objective is also to ensure solid growth and employment creation. During 2005-12 India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
How does the government plan to ease doing of business in India?
# Global investors have been unsparing in their criticism about complex rules and bureaucratic red tape that delay investment decisions.
# India ranks a lowly 134 out of 189 countries in the World Bank’s ease of doing business index in 2014. It slipped three places from its 2013 rank.
# The government has set up an investor facilitation cell Invest India, which  will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances.
# All central government services are being integrated with an e-Biz single window online portal.
# States have been advised to introduce self-certification.
# The ministry of home affairs have been asked to give all security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
# A dedicated cell has been created to answer queries from business entities through a newly created web portal ( http://www.makeinindia.com ). The portal will go live on September 25.
# While an exhaustive set of FAQs on this portal will help investors find instant answers to their general queries, the back-end support team of the cell would answer specific queries within 72 hours.
# A pro-active approach will be deployed to track visitors for their geographical location, interest and real time user behaviour.
# Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on the information collected.
# Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter.
# The investor facilitation cell will provide assistance to foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure.
# The initiative will also target top companies across sectors in identified countries.
# A vast number of defence items have been de-licensed.
# The validity of industrial license has been extended to three years.
# With a view to providing flexibility in working hours and increased intake of apprentices for on the job training, the government has decided to amend a number of labour laws.
# The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December.
# An advisory has been sent to all departments/state governments to simplify and rationalise regulatory environment which includes online filing of all returns in a unified form.
# There would be no inspection without the approval of the head of the department, etc.

Isro releases first Mars photo clicked by Mangalyaan; more to comeComments
The Mangalyaan spacecraft beamed its first photos of Mars' crater-marked surface on Thursday, a day after India successfully put the probe into the red planet's orbit.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) posted one of the photos, titled First Light, on its Facebook page, showing an orange surface with dark cavities, taken from a distance of 7,300 km. Isro also posted the photo on Twitter with the note, "The view is nice up here."
An Isro team led by agency chief K Radhakrishnan met the Prime Minister in Delhi on Thursday with hard copies of all the pictures taken by the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) probe. The space agency will release all the photographs this afternoon.
Photo courtesy: Isro's Facebook page
Isro officials said the photos proved that Mangalyaan is in "good health" and performing its duties well.
"Images are clicked. Data is downloaded. Process is going on," a senior Isro official told HT.
The probe has been placed in an elliptical orbit around Mars and it will be closest to the planet at 377 km and farthest at 80,000 km.
India joined an exclusive global club of deep space explorers on Wednesday when the indigenously-made Mangalyaan spacecraft successfully slipped into the orbit around Mars after a 10-month journey on a relatively shoe-string budget.
The Mars Orbiter Mission, nicknamed MOM, cost just Rs. 450 core, about a tenth of the amount US space agency NASA spent on sending the Maven spacecraft to Mars and about three-quarters the amount to make the Oscar-winning movie Gravity about astronauts stranded in space.
— Hindustan Times (@htTweets) September 25, 2014
The 1,350-kilogram orbiter will now circle the planet for at least six months, with solar-powered instruments gathering scientific data that may shed light on Martian weather systems as well as what happened to the water that is believed to have existed once on Mars.
It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on earth that could come from geological processes. None of the instruments will send back enough information to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form and what conditions might make life possible.
The image showed an orange surface with dark cavities. “The view is nice up here,” Isro said on Twitter.

Maharashtra polls: Have BJP Sena signed divorce papersBJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 11:24 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:28 IST(27/9/2014)
Two of India’s biggest parties - the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress – parted ways with their long-standing allies on Thursday following differences over sharing of seats in October’s assembly elections in Maharashtra.
Maharashtra heads for four-cornered elections after end of political alliances.
While The BJP and Shiv Sena ended their 25-year-old relationship that helped shape Hindu revivalist politics in the country, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) snapped ties 15 years after it allied with the Congress.  
 
The decisions, which came barely an hour apart with the BJP making the first announcement, throw open the election field in Maharashtra where the contest could now be four cornered. This could split the electorate and possibly throw up a hung house.
The 288-member state assembly goes to the polls on October 15 and September 27 is the last day of filing election papers. The Sena, a part of the ruling combine at the Centre, said it would continue in the NDA. The Sena has 18 members in the Lok Sabha, the most for any NDA constituent after the BJP.
 
“It’s painful but there was no choice,” BJP’s state chief Devendra Fadnavis told reporters after days of negotiations failed to save what was among the longest political alliances in the country.
Read: Shiv Sena and BJP: How they married and divorced
 
“The ‘Mahayuti' (grand alliance) sans the Shiv Sena will contest the polls. We will not criticise Shiv Sena during (the) campaign and remain friends.”
 
Over the past week or so, the two parties held several rounds of talks, emerging every time to blame each other for not being inflexible and accommodative of each other’s proposals.
 
Things came to a head earlier in the day with both sides saying they had exhausted all options. As contradictory reports emerged from Delhi and Mumbai, a high stakes game of brinkmanship unfolded.
Read: Why BJP broke ranks with Sena
Around early evening, it became clear that the Shiv Sena’s final offer of 151 seats was unacceptable to the BJP.
Traditionally, the Sena has contested more seats than the BJP. But after performing better than Sena in the Lok Sabha polls, the BJP wanted larger share. The Sena, however, was not prepared to whittle down its share of 151 seats.
In less than an hour after BJP's announcement, the NCP, too, walked out on the Congress. “The Congress has been adamant and non-responsive despite our numerous attempts,” NCP state chief Sunil Tatkare said.
Read: Big egos spelt doom for saffron alliance
 
“The list of 118 candidates announced by the Congress had two names declared against the independent MLAs inducted by the NCP. This was against the agreement between the two parties,” senior NCP leader Praful Patel said. Party colleague and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said the NCP was pulling out of the state government.
 
Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who is from the Congress, said the NCP was not serious about seat sharing and was waiting for the Sena-BJP split. “It was not practically possible for us to concede 144 seats to the NCP. Then they put forth the demand for sharing chief ministership which, was not acceptable,” he said.
Read: Split, but Sena maykeep berth at Centre
 
Both the Congress and the Sena alleged that there was a tacit understanding between the BJP and the NCP. “The NCP wants to get benefit of power at the Centre. I won’t be surprised if there is any unexpected announcement tomorrow,” Chavan said.
 
The parties are now competing to get smaller allies on their side. The BJP has managed to keep three of the four smaller allies and is trying to woo the fourth partner of the mahayuti, or the grand alliance. The Congress, it is learnt, is in talks with the Samajwadi Party.
 
Political experts predict a fractured mandate and say rivals may turn into allies to come to power. The BJP has already said it won’t target “friend” Shiv Sena.

SC terms the law to set up a National Tax Tribunal as unconstitutionalThe Supreme Court.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:37 pm
In a jolt for the government, the Supreme Court on Thursday held as unconstitutional the law that sought to set up a National Tax Tribunal (NTT).
A Constitutional bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha quashed the National Tax Act, saying it was bad in law and failed the test of constitutional validity.
The judgement also held that the government could not vested judicial powers with a tribunal without according to it the characteristics of a court and ensuring its autonomy.
NTT was also held to be invalid as it sought to take away the jurisdiction of the High Court in deciding tax related matters.
The government had defended the NTT stating that the move was intended to reduce the pendency of cases in the High Courts.
The challenge to the NTT was made by Madras Bar Associations and others, contending the NTT could not have ousted jurisdiction of the High Courts and that it was against the basic structure of the Constitution.
It was pointed out that where parties before the NTT were always the Ministry of Finance, a quasi-judicial tribunal would not inspire confidence and it would shake the very foundation of the principles of independence of judiciary, rule of law and separation of powers.
It was argued that there was a grave danger that the judiciary would be substituted by a host of quasi-judicial tribunals which would function as departments of various ministries.
This judgement will have a direct bearing on a petition that has challenged the validity of the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal.

Kerala announces fellowships to mark MangalyaansuccessPress Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:32 pm
The Kerala government has announced post-doctoral fellowships in space technology to mark the success of India’s Mars Orbiter Mission.
The ‘Mangalyaan fellowships’ would be instituted through the Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE) to promote novel applications of space technology in the development domain, according to an official release on Thursday.
Initially, 10 fellowships would be offered in four sectors — agriculture, education, skill development and health — to encourage young researchers to come up with applications of space technology in these areas.
The grant, which will be of up to Rs 30,000, would be provided to selected candidates for two years.
The proposal was approved by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, who is also president of KSCSTE, soon after the MOM yesterday successfully entered the Red Planet’s orbit.
VN Rajasekharan Pillai, Executive Vice President of KSCSTE, said the fellowships would attract young researchers keen to bring the fruits of space science research to the development domain.
India created space history yesterday by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt.

Sensex @ 32 500 in 15 months: Survey | Sensex down over 150 pts; top betsIndian shares have soared more than 25 per cent so far this year on anticipation and follow-through after a landslide election of a new government in May.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Indian shares will jump to new record highs over the next year and beyond as a brighter economic outlook will attract foreign investment even if the US Federal Reserve tightens policy, a Reuters poll predicted.
India's benchmark BSE Sensex ,, which closed Wednesday at 26,744.69 points, will gain nearly 5 per cent more to reach 28,000 by the end of this year and scale 30,750 by the middle of 2015, according to the consensus view of 18 analysts polled in the past week.
The Sensex then is expected to touch 32,500 by the end of 2015, a 22 per cent gain from Wednesday. If realised, that would probably make it one of the best performing global equity markets , certainly better than its peers in emerging markets.
Indian shares have soared more than 25 per cent so far this year on anticipation and follow-through after a landslide election of a new government in May, the first majority government in New Delhi for three decades.
That compares with a roughly 10 per cent rise in Brazil and Shanghai shares over the same period.
Foreign investors pumped over 762 billion rupees ($12.5 billion) into Indian shares between March and August, nearly six times what they invested during the same period last year.
Only 6 of 18 analysts who answered an additional question said a US Fed interest rate hike, expected in the second quarter of next year, would draw those foreign investors away from the Indian market.
India's economy grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter from a year earlier, the fastest in over two years. That is well ahead of growth in the US and the pace expected in many other comparable emerging markets.
"The fundamentals for India are improving. Consumption is gradually picking up, confidence is improving," said Ravi Muthukrishnan Co-Head Research at ICICI Securities .
Inflation has also slowed, which will give the Reserve Bank of India room to cut interest rates in the second quarter of next year, according to a separate Reuters poll published this week.
"Inflation is within the RBI's comfort (zone) and when they start to bring interest rates down, that will be another leg up for the whole economy and markets," Neeraj Dhawan, director at Quantum Securities .
A majority of analysts said the Sensex has not already priced in expected economic reforms by the new government.
Since taking over in May, the government has only made minor reforms such as loosening the cap on foreign investment into railway infrastructure and defence manufacturing, but tax reforms have yet to be decided.
"I expect fresh reform such as goods and service tax implementation, and opening of FDI into other avenues to be triggers that will take the Sensex higher next year," said CA Rudramurthy, Research Head at Vachana Securities .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Girish Karnad inaugurates Dasara in MysoreUpdated: September 26, 2014 02:15 IST
Mysore Dasara gets off to traditional start
Shankar Bennur
The Hindu Gaadi Gombe or mobile doll artistes at the inauguration of Mysore Dasara 2014 atop Chamundi Hills. Photo: Laiqh Khan
TOPICS
festivals
The 10-day long Mysore Dasara festivities got off to a traditional start atop the Chamundi hills with special prayers to Goddess Chamundeshwari, the presiding deity of Mysore.
Jnanpith award recipient, well-known writer and theatre personality Girish Karnad inaugurated the festivities, which is celebrated as ‘Nada Habba’ (State Festival), by lighting a traditional lamp and offering flowers to the idol of the goddess placed inside an ornamented silver chariot.
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, some of his Cabinet colleagues, local elected representatives and senior officials were also present. The Chief Minister later felicitated Mr. Karnad.
However, when Mr Karnad was inaugurating the festivities, a group of members belonging to pro-Hindu organisations staged a protest waving black flags opposing Mr Karnad, whom they described as a rationalist, inaugurating the festivities. The police took around 22 protestors into preventive detention.
In his inaugural address, Mr Karnad said, “I am delighted to be part of Mysore Dasara. The event represents our culture. I thank the Chief Minister for giving this opportunity to me.”
He added, “I remember Sri Marikamba Temple in Sirsi, the place where I grew up, on seeing the Chamundi temple. I first saw Mysore Dasara in 1956. I have the memories of the grandeur of the celebrations and the Maharaja Sri Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar participating in Jamboo Savari.”
Mr Karnad said he met Ms Pramoda Devi Wadiyar, wife of the last scion of Mysore royal family late Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar, at the palace after the State invited him to inaugurate the festivities. “It was an unforgettable occasion," he said.
Referring to the protest against him, Mr Karnad said, “the people who make accusations against me do not know the meaning of the word ‘Nasthika’. Those who don’t believe in god are not ‘Nasthikas’ but are called ‘Nirishwarawadigalu’. I am against the blind beliefs. I told the Chief Minister everybody has a right to protest in the democracy.”
Disapproving the protest against Mr Karnad, Mr Siddaramaiah said the protestors have misinterpreted the writer. “However, the debate on ‘Asthika’ and ‘Nasthika’ will be an endless debate. What is important today is humanity with societal concern and concern for fellow human beings,” he observed.
The Chief Minister said, “Some people also called me Nasthika though I visit the temples on some occasions. I respect others’ beliefs. My wife and my family members belief in God and perform puja at home. I voluntary do not go to temples to offer puja. We have no right to oppose others’ faith.”
The Chief Minister said he strongly opposes superstitions.
Minister in-charge of Mysore district V Sreenivas Prasad also spoke.
Mr Karnad, the Chief Minister and other dignitaries were brought in a procession accompanied by the folk troupes, to the temple premises.
There was heavy police bandobust atop the hills in view of the inauguration. The inauguration atop the hills was followed by the launch of other Dasara events here.

Online food and grocery retail outlets in India rising: ReportOnline retailers are competing with kirana stores that provide quick (often within an hour) home delivery and credit to neighbourhood consumers.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 22, 2014 2:29 pm
The number of online food and grocery retail outlets has increased to 44 so far this year from 14 in 2013 on the back of growing Internet users in the country, a latest USDA report said.
Online retailers are competing with kirana stores that provide quick (often within an hour) home delivery and credit to neighbourhood consumers. Compared to these stores, online retailers will need to overcome delivery challenges, it said.
Maximum of these online grocery retail outlets are operating in Delhi, followed by Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata, Chandigarh, Trivandrum and Coimbatore and others.
“Online food and grocery retailing outlets have increased from 14 in 2013 to 44 as of September 2014. Growth in online retail use has been greatest among younger and professional population segments,” the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) said in its latest report.
The number of online grocery retail outlets is expected to rise in future with total Internet users increasing from 120 million to 213 million in the past year as well as a fall in mobile handset prices and a rise in smartphone penetration, it said.
Highlighting fast changing trends in the India’s online retail sector, the USDA report said: “Indian consumers are overcoming biases against purchasing items without prior inspection and safety of automated and online transactions. This shifting tendency is brought about by competitive pricing and the convenience of shopping for groceries from the comfort of one’s own home.”
Consumers are seeing that online retail provides some benefits over going to kirana stores (independent small grocers) or store-based retailers’ outlets, it said.
The availability of multiple payment methodologies such as online banking, cash-on-delivery, credit cards and debit cards have meant that it is convenient for urban consumers to shop online while saving both time and money, it added.
Emphasising the opportunities for continued growth in online grocery retailing, the report said, “Presently, most online retailers limit their distribution to a particular city, but operations may expand quickly if some business models prove successful.”
Domestic products dominate the product categories, but most online retailers carry some imported food items. Given the complexity of importing food products into India, online retailers currently rely on local distributors, it said.
Websites like http://www.aaloo.in , http://www.eemli.com , http://www.fishvish.com , http://www.dilligrocery.com . http://www.tazastuff.com , and http://www.veggibazaar.com are among 44 which are selling both domestic and imported food items in the country.
 

Sensex reverses losses to end with 116-pt gain on late buying; ITC  Tata Motors  ONGC gainBSE Sensex rose modestly on Monday to notch its fourth consecutive session of gains.
Agencies | Posted: September 22, 2014 10:22 am | Updated: September 22, 2014 4:39 pm
After slipping below 27K level in early trades, the benchmark Sensex today recovered smartly to end with a gain of over 116 points at 27,206.74 on good buying in bluechips including ITC, Tata Motors and ONGC even as global cues remained weak.
After a lower start at 27,008.12, the Sensex dipped below the 27,000-mark to touch a low of 26,918.93, down over 170 points. Buying after mid-session, however, lifted the BSE index to settle at 27,206.74, logging a gain of 116.32 points, or 0.43 per cent.
On Friday, the index had fallen 21.79 points, snapping two consecutive days of gain.
Besides ITC , Tata Motors and ONGC that gained in 3-4 per cent range, major Sensex gainers included Hindustan Unilever, SBI, Axis Bank, Hero MotoCorp, ICICI Bank, Bajaj Auto, GAIL, HDFC Ltd and TCS.
The 50-share NSE Nifty, after slipping below the 8100 mark to touch a low of 8,064.80, bounced back to close 24.85 points, or 0.31 per cent, higher at 8,146.30.
Both the key indices Sensex and Nifty, which were struggling to maintain 27,000 and 8,100-mark in early trades, managed to close above these levels.
“A fresh spell of buying in recent under-performers was a notable feature of today’s session,” said Deepak Pahwa, a Delhi-based broker.
Short covering ahead of monthly expiry on Thursday was also seen in select blue-chip stocks, traders said.
Small-cap index was up 0.51 per cent and Mid-cap rose by 0.20 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Buying activity also picked up momentum in non-Sensex stocks. Gitanjali Gems, PC Jewellers, Petronet LNG, Jaiprakash Associates and PPAP Automotive, among others, logged gains.
A weak closing in Asian stocks and a lower opening in Europe on reports that China dampened speculation on a potential, however, capped the gains on domestic bourses.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 6.53 crore last Friday as per provisional data.
Sectorally, the BSE Consumer Durables sector index gained the most by surging 3.12 per cent, followed by FMCG index 1.90 per cent. Auto index 1.10 per cent, Oil & Gas index 0.88 per cent, and Banking index 0.29 per cent.

China s Rs 9 125 crore plans for Indian roads hit speed breakerPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 22, 2014 4:47 pm
Less than a week into a successful visit by Chinese premier Xi Jinping to India, the Narendra Modi government is likely to reject a proposal received from the neighbouring country to allow its companies to finance and construct nine highway projects here.
Top government officials privy to the development said that the matter has already been discussed in the road transport and highways ministry, and it would soon communicate its views to the Chinese counterparts that investment under the model suggested by them would not be feasible.
China proposed to take up construction of 890 kms of highways (nine in number) worth Rs 9,125 crore that government planned to award under engineering construction and procurement (EPC) basis during Chinese president’s visit to the country. It proposed that Chinese firms would pick up these projects, finance its completely and also bring their own contractors for construction.
“It is practically impossible for the government to agree with such a proposal from China. Award of road projects in the country follow a process and everyone has to adhere to it,” said M Murali, director general, National Highway Builders Federation.
The government official quoted earlier said that the proposal presented by China was non-transparent model that will make it difficult to judge the total project cost of a highway stretch. “We want the Chinese to participate in bids like other developers and take the projects. Both EPC and Built Own and Transfer (BoT) models are based on competitive bidding,” the official added.
 
The nine projects identified by China for possible investments by its companies span across the country in states such as Punjab, Haryana, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh. These projects are yet to be bid and each stretch is worth Rs 1,000 crore.
The road ministry proposes to award 8,500 kms of stretch this fiscal. The nine projects are included under this category. Sources said that road ministry has already sent an email to the infrastructure department of China detailing the processes followed in the country. It has also sought financial structure of proposed investment being explored by China in the sector and also advised to route investment in BoT projects.

Connoisseurs of luxury splurge on bathroomsStory
Shower in the lap of opulence
Bathrooms are no longer secondary spaces and connoisseurs of luxury do not hesitate to splurge on them.
N. Madhavan      Follow @madhuta Delhi   Edition: Sept 28, 2014
A room with a difference: A bathroom designed by Raseel Gujral Ansal.
When Mukesh Ambani , Indias richest man, constructed Antilla, his 27-storey home in Mumbai, the brief to his designers was to build bathrooms that are the best in the world. Budget, they were told, was unlimited. The Antilla bathrooms are equipped with Sherle Wagner fixtures, which are a favourite of the wealthy across the globe.
A rock crystal basin from Baldi.
Billionaire Ambani is among a growing number of the connoisseurs of luxury in India who are splurging as much as the sheikhs of Gulf kingdoms or the oligarchs in Russia to ensure their bathroom is much more than a room to shower in. While businessmen are the ones who spend the most on bathrooms, film stars are increasingly keeping up with them. Essar Group Chairman Shashi Ruia and actors Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Bipasha Basu have given their bathrooms a classic finish by opting for SICIS mosaics, which uses mosaic art to handcraft every piece of tile in Ravenna, Italy. The cost of using these tiles could be anywhere between Rs 30,000 and Rs 1.5 lakh a square feet.
"Bathrooms are no more seen as a secondary space and are as special as any other area of the house," says Raseel Gujral Ansal, a leading architect and interior designer and Creative Director at Raseel Gujral Ansal Worxx.
Abdul Hameed Khan, a designer of luxury bathrooms, says Indians are learning to enjoy luxury. "Luxury is all about a combination of intricate and interesting materials that appeals to the eye. It is something that makes one stand out," says Khan, who is also Partner at Water Works, a firm that has brought some leading global bathroom fixture brands into India.
A visual delight: The Bloch Baver collection from SICIS featuring exquisite hand crafted mosaics.
Ansal, who recently completed building a house for a businessman in Kolkata which features a Rs 2.50-crore bathroom, says the phenomenon has taken wings in the past decade or so. She attributes this penchant for spending on bathrooms to the convergence of two factors. "By travelling and staying in top hotels across the world, Indians began to experience luxury like never before and they wanted to bring that luxury home," she says. "And with almost all the top global brands available in India, it has become easy for them to convert this aspiration into reality."
Out of the ordinary: A bathroom with a Marilyn Monroe portrait (you can have your portrait done, too), and a shoe-shaped bath tub designed by Massimiliano Della Monaco.
How much can one spend on a bathroom? "Sky is the limit," says Ansal. She is not exaggerating. Consider this: a single tap from French brand THG's Baccarat Crystal collection (it features a red Baccarat crystal obtained alchemically by adding gold to special elements at specific temperature) costs Rs 24 lakh. A Baldi crystal basin made from a single rock crystal unearthed from the Amazon rainforests costs Rs 95 lakh. An Audrey shoe-shaped bathtub from SICIS of Italy, created by designer Massimiliano Della Monaca, can set one back by Rs 65 lakh.
FULL COVERAGE: Luxury Special 2014
SICIS also offers a limited-edition Marilyn Monroe portrait that can adorn the bathroom at Rs 25 lakh apiece. In fact, one can even customise the bathroom by getting ones own portrait done using exquisite mosaic. Chandeliers (yes, they are now part and parcel of top-end bathrooms) by Barovier & Toso can cost as much as Rs 1.50 crore. And those who do not have the time and patience to handpick brands and design their bathrooms can opt for Lineatre, an Italian brand that offers custom-built bathrooms. Its Gold Modular collection, for instance, will cost about Rs 1.80 crore.
Among the preferred designs and styles for luxury bathrooms, a classic finish is typically over the top. They are spacious with a design inspired by history and replete with artistic details and use of precious and semi-precious stones. "These bathrooms cost a bomb and Indian are increasingly preferring them," says Khan. A classic bathroom can cost upwards of Rs 2 crore.
Still, the most preferred option is the contemporary classic. "Such bathrooms have a muted finish. They are not so modern and have a touch of classic finish. They are also not very minimal like the ultra-modern bathrooms," explains Vinita Chaitanya, a Bangalore-based interior designer who recently designed actor Deepika Padukone's home in Mumbai and whose other clients include Biocon Chairman Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw and Infosys Co-founder NR Narayana Murthy.
A THG designer tap.
The urge to experience luxury has also won over the conservative mindset of south Indians when it comes to spending on bathrooms. Chaitanya recently completed designing a bathroom for a businessman based in southern India. The bathroom has a gold-plated SICIS mosaic panel that cost Rs 40 lakh and Onyx marble cladding (costing Rs 3,000 per square feet) on all sides. Overall, the businessman spent close to Rs 1 crore on the bathroom alone. "In the last 10 years people from southern India have also started to spend," says Chaitanya. This fills Khan, the Water Works partner, with optimism. "India is going to be a big luxury bathroom market," he says.

Valuations of mid-caps at historical highs: UBSValuations of mid-caps at historical highs, says UBS
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 13:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Investment bank UBS turned more selective on Indian mid-caps, saying valuations relative to large-caps are now at historical highs.
UBS on Wednesday cut Cholamandalam Investment and Finance and Info Edge India to 'neutral' from 'buy' and downgraded TTK Prestige to 'sell' from 'neutral'.
The investment bank picked Multi Commodity Exchange, Voltas, LIC Housing Finance, Britannia Industries and Bajaj Electricals among its top bets.
(Reuters)

Photos: ISRO scientists cheer Mars mission successTechnostorm
ISRO celebrates Mars mission's success
India triumphed in its first interplanetary mission, placing a satellite into orbit around Mars on Wednesday morning and catapulting the country into an elite club of deep-space explorers. Scientists broke into wild cheers as the orbiter's engines completed 24 minutes of burn time to maneuver the spacecraft into its designated place around the red planet. Scientists described the final stages of the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. The success marks a milestone for the space program in demonstrating that it can conduct complex missions and act as a global launch pad for commercial, navigational and research satellites.
Gallery View:ISRO celebrates Mars mission's success

Bibek Debroy to head panel to revamp Railway BoardManu Kaushik      Follow @manukaushik    Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 22:02 IST
Photo: AP
The government has announced forming a committee to begin the much-needed process of restructuring the Railway Board. The committee, announced on Tuesday, will be headed by economist Bibek Debroy.
The other members are former Procter & Gamble India head Gurcharan Das, former National Stock Exchange chief Ravi Narain, former cabinet secretary K.M. Chandrashekhar, Partha Mukhopadhyay of the Centre for Policy Research, and Rajendra Kashyap, former Finance Commissioner of the Railways.
Headed by Arunendra Kumar, the six-member Railway Board handles policy formulation, implementation and funding requirement of the Indian Railways.
In his maiden Budget in July, Railway Minister Sadanand Gowda opened up the tightly controlled railways sector to foreign direct investment. While the new government hiked passenger and freight charges in June, Gowda had highlighted the need to overhaul the Railway Board.
"The Railway Board, due to overlapping roles of policy formulation and implementation, has become unwieldy. Therefore, I propose to separate these two functions," he had said in his Budget speech.
Besides reorganisation, the committee is expected to look at issues such as setting up of a Rail Tariff Authority, mergers of various departments, and financing. It is believed that the committee report will be submitted in a year. The role of the Rail Tariff Authority will be to develop an integrated and dynamic pricing mechanism for both passenger and freight segments.
It is also likely to advise the central government on fixation of tariff. Recently, Gowda had talked about periodic fuel price-linked passenger fare hike. Restructuring the board assumes significance given that the world's third-largest rail network is suffering a loss of Rs 900 crore per month on the passenger segment alone.
To revive the ailing railways, several attempts have been made in the past too. In 1994, the Prakash Tandon committee recommended moving away from the departmentalization of the railways. The Rakesh Mohan committee in 2001 stressed on a fresh financing plan to make the railways commercially viable.
It was followed by the Sam Pitroda committee report in 2012 that pegged the total cost of railways modernisation at Rs 5.6 trillion. Going by the current situation of the railways, none of these recommendations seems to have been implemented - either entirely or partially. Given the poor track record of implementing the committee reports, one can only hope that the new government can withstand the challenges and make a bold move of putting the railways back on track.

Raghuram Rajan for sensible regulations to spur growthRaghuram Rajan calls for sensible regulations to spur growth
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 22:36 IST
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan.
India needs to have "clever and sensible" regulations to create a business-friendly environment which will lead to faster growth of the economy and create jobs, said RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan on Wednesday.
"We need the right kind...not too much, not too little, but clever and sensible regulations. Not just the regulations in the book, but also the enforcement to make sure that businesses have chance to succeed in away that promotes growth and create jobs," he said at the 58th annual general meeting of Indo-German Chamber of Commerce in Mumbai.
Although the country has enough regulations, not all of them are of the right kind, he said.
Rajan said the country's needs a vibrant financial system which will finance people who want to create jobs and also those who want to pursue higher education.
"We need financial system that give access to all. (Financial) exclusion (of people) is bad in many ways - one they don't have access and second they cannot save in the financial system which can force them to save outside at a greater risk, and at times at a substantially low returns."
He emphasised on providing better education and skills to the working age population. "We need broad level skills across the population, which means we have to improve the quality of education."
The RBI chief said bringing down malnutrition among the population is one of the main concerns the country faces.
"Unfortunately, the direct interventions have had only moderate effects...intervening directly with poor households and providing nutritional supplements has had moderate effects because some people argue it is more than just that."
Rajan further said one of the bigger challenges for India is how to take advantage of its demographic dividends.
"Of course, as many have noted that a demographic dividend can turn into demographic curse if we don't create jobs. So what's important is we reap the benefits of demographic dividend by creating jobs," he added.

Property will become a bigger pensions playProperty will become a bigger pensions play
By John Authers
The pressure to invest in property is unlikely to abate for years
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/36edc6a8-4339-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sainsbury dips on dividend cut fearsSainsbury dips on dividend cut fears
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e218a05c-4406-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Euro weakness strengthens policy makersEuro weakness strengthens hand of policy makers
By Delphine Strauss in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d13caeca-440d-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Birla may sell 20% in retail holding firm to PEsBirla may sell 20% in retail holding firm to PEs
Raghavendra Kamath | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The Aditya Birla Group is looking to sell a 20 per cent stake in the proposed holding company for its retail ventures to two private equity (PE) firms. Another 10 per cent will be sold when the holding company goes public in the next couple of years.
A senior executive aware of the group's plans said both the private equity firms would get a 10 per cent stake each. "Since the combined retail entity will also include a public limited company (Pantaloon Fashion & Retail), it will trigger the 10 per cent cap for foreign institutional investors. So they want to sell 10 per cent each to two investors," the executive said.
L Capital, Temasek Holdings and IFC are in talks to buy stakes in the combined entity comprising department store Pantaloons, Madura Fashion and supermarket chain 'more'. At the end of the deal process, the Aditya Birla Group would receive $400-500 million, a Reuters report said on Tuesday.
DEAL DETAILS
L Capital, Temasek Holdings and IFC are in talks to buy stakes in the combined entity comprising department store Pantaloons, Madura Fashion and supermarket chain 'more'
 
According to a report, the deal would fetch $ 400-500 million to Aditya Birla group
"If you look at a four-five year horizon, the combined entity will be a pretty good asset. We are keenly watching how fast the group initiates the process," said an executive with one of the prospective investors. A mail sent to Aditya Birla Retail did not elicit any response. "In the course of the business we receive several proposals which are also evaluated on a regular basis. There is no proposal which has reached the stage which would trigger Clause 36 of the Listing Agreement," Pantaloon Fashion told the stock exchanges on Wednesday.
The executive said though the three businesses operated in different areas - brands (Madura), department stores (Pantaloons) and supermarket chains (more) - these could complement each other and had a huge growth potential.
According to other executives, Madura was already profitable and was expected to grow. "The supermarket chains are close to making profits at the store level and have a high potential to grow whereas Pantaloons is intrinsically profitable," the executive said.
Madura holds rights for and retails brands such as Van Heusen, Louis Philippe and Peter England, among others.
Pantaloons, acquired from Kishore Biyani's Future group, has 80 stores and plans to open 20 more. The chain posted a net loss of Rs 187 crore on net sales of Rs 1,661 crore in 2013-14. The losses are mainly due to write-offs after the acquisition from the Future group. Aditya Birla Retail, which runs 497 supermarkets and 16 hypermarkets, under the 'more' brand, posted losses of Rs 510 crore on net sales of Rs 1,037 crore in 2012-13. "The combined entity has its own merits. Reliance also runs on a similar model. You can negotiate better with vendors and mall developers if you go as a combined entity. Corporate costs can be managed well and you can drive better economies of scale," the executive said.
Arvind Singhal, chairman of Technopak Advisors, said retailers were depending on external funding sources such as private equity as businesses were not throwing up free cash to grow through internal accruals.

Obama runs the risk of mission creep in SyriaObama runs the risk of mission creep in Syria
US is right to extend fight against Isis but its goals must be defined
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2c886da-43cf-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Travelport prices IPO at high end of rangeAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Small businesses given bank lending boostUK to launch scheme to boost bank lending to small businesses
By Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba6263f2-4403-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays misused confidential deal dataBarclays ‘misused’ confidential deal information, court rules
By Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e42b89e-4411-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays shows signs of recovering from QatarSeptember 24, 2014 7:36 pm
Barclays shows signs of recovery from a nasty case of Qatar
By Jonathan Guthrie
Legal privilege is impeding SFO’s pursuit over 2008 capital raising
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/067b5496-43dd-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1rlatDrVideo
Don't go Black Friday shopping without these store maps
Deal expert Matt Granite has provided you with the only deal-maps in the country to ensure you know exactly where you're going once you get inside your favorite stores on Black Friday.
1 of 15
Low-cost holiday gift ideas | Your Best Life in Retirement
USA TODAY’s Nanci Hellmich shares ideas for creative inexpensive holiday gifts.
2 of 15
See more video
Why Christmas day is one of the busiest download days of the year | Money Quick Tips
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis shares tips on how to avoid an expensive app attack & double-paying for music, movies & more.
3 of 15
See more video
These stores are OPEN on Thanksgiving
Don't wait until Black Friday to take advantage of those holiday deals. Matt Granite has a list of all the major stores open on Thanksgiving day.
4 of 15
See more video
Skip the Black Friday lines, we'll do the work for you
Money expert Matt Granite has assembled a "Deal Army" to hit the Black Friday sales to gather the best deals for you. So sit back, relax, and let them do all the work.
5 of 15
See more video
Don't get suckered into these Black Friday deal traps
You've watched the commercials and seen the ads that make you think the best Black Friday deals are happening on Thursday night or Friday morning. But are they really? Deal expert Matt Granite gives you the real story on deal traps not to fall for.
6 of 15
See more video
Just Cool Cars: Cancer survivor brings '48 Crosley to life
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard discovers a cancer surviver who credits his project to restore a 1948 Crosley as his physical therapy
7 of 15
See more video
Ford raises F-150 gas mileage, but is it enough?
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard reports on how Ford's move to aluminum for its top-selling pickup has raised gas mileage -- but not by much
8 of 15
See more video
Countries with the most modern slaves
Despite being almost universally outlawed, it is estimated that 35.8 million people are enslaved worldwide. Doug McIntyre of 24/7 Wall St. talks about which countries have the most slaves.
9 of 15

Buy IndusInd Bank  BPCL Today: Sanjeev BhasinThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Indian stock markets are likely to witness a positive opening on Thursday as Dow Jones rallied overnight and Asian markets traded higher today. The resumption of rally globally now seems on the cards and the Nifty may cross the 8,200 hurdle in October.
Expect volatility in high beta metal and PSU banks after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal blocks in a landmark judgement yesterday. Markets have discounted most negative news flow and will digest the coal blocks cancellation over the next few weeks.
Trading calls (3-4 day outlook),
1) Buy IndusInd Bank: 620-626, stop loss 608, target 656
2) Buy BPCL: 638-644, stop loss 619, target 676
Previous trading calls,
3) Buy ITC: 367-372, stop loss 360, target 385
4) Sell Asian Paints: 634-638, stop loss 650, target 609
5) Buy Wipro: 578-583, stop loss 567, target 609
6) Sell Infosys: 3630-3670, stop loss 3715, target 3510
7) Option calendar: Sell September 8,100 call at 12-15, sell September 8000 put at 24-26 for a total premium of 36-38; Buy October 8100 call at 110-115, buy October 8000 put at 84-87 for a total premium of 197-200. Net premium paid = 160-163; Square up on Friday around 178-185.
8) Investment call: Buy Aditya Birla Nuvo, earlier recommended around 1400, now reiterate buy around 1700 for 1 year target 3000.
Why: The company has interest in telecom, financial services, life Insurance and lifestyle fashion. Madura Fashion & Lifestyle, a unit of Aditya Birla Nuvo, has outperformed the industry, registering a growth of 15 per cent. The market cap of AB Nuvo is only Rs 20,000 crore. We expect significant re-rating in fashion business after acquisition of Pantaloons Fashions and expect market cap to cross Rs 40,000 crore in next one year.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 08:45 (IST)

Apple Inc withdraws update to iOS 8 after iPhones freezeApple Inc withdraws update to iOS 8 after iPhones freeze
BS Web Team | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 09:03 AM IST
Apple Inc on Wednesday said it is withdrawing an update to its new mobile operating system iOS 8 after users comlained that they were unable to make calls. 
Other users could not unlock their iPhone after the tweak interfered with the TouchID fingerprint scanning system. 
A spokesperson for the Cupertino, California-based tech giant confirmed it was withdrawing the iOS 8.0.1 update, which was released Wednesday to address problems with Apple's HealthKit app and other bugs. 
“We have received reports of an issue with the iOS 8.0.1 update. We are actively investigating these reports and will provide information as quickly as we can. In the meantime we have pulled back the iOS 8.0.1 update," an Apple spokesperson told NBCNews". 
Earlier this month, Apple release the new operating system along with the spectacular launch of two new phones -- the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus. Reports said the company has sold 10 million units in the first three days since the phones became available in retail stores. 
Earlier on Wednesday, Bloomberg reported that the software update was causing popular applications made by Facebook Inc, Dropbox Inc and others to crash more frequently. 
Andrew Levy, the firm's CEO, said in the Bloomberg report that Apple's latest software includes more than 4,000 new functions and changes, and that developers are struggling to adapt. New coding language also is probably causing trouble for programmers as they "get up to speed," he said.
 
"It just goes to show how hard it is to test everything before it's sent out into the wild," Levy said, adding that Apple would make fixes to its iOS 8 software in the weeks and months ahead.

Brent holds below $97 | Rupee slips below 61 vs $You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee down 5 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(Yesterday, re ended at…)
MUMBAI: Extending its losing streak for the fourth straight day, the rupee weakened by five paise to 61.01 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market on high demand for the American currency from importers.
Forex dealers said though increased demand for the US currency from importers and dollar's gain against other currencies overseas put pressure on the rupee but a higher opening in the domestic equity market capped the losses.
Yesterday, the rupee ended two paise lower at 60.96 against the US currency on the sustained dollar demand from importers and weakness in local equities.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered by 69.51 points, or 0.25 per cent, to 26,814.20 in early trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asia corporate policing improvesAsia corporate policing improves, says report
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f70e3366-4459-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan says need to tackle  persistent  inflationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Real Estate Bill to add credibility in sector: PrestigeSep 25, 2014, 12.44 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Real Estate Bill to add credibility in sector: Prestige
Discussing its possible impact, Irfan Razack, CMD, Prestige Estates says the Bill will bring more credibility into the sector and also enable domestic and foreign inflows.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Real Estate Bill to add credibility in sector: Prestige
Discussing its possible impact, Irfan Razack, CMD, Prestige Estates says the Bill will bring more credibility into the sector and also enable domestic and foreign inflows.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The Real Estate Regulation Bill that aims to spur growth in the housing sector is crucial for the new government, as it has promised to provide houses for all by 2022. The government now intends to bring the Bill in the winter session of Parliament .
Discussing its possible impact, Irfan Razack, CMD, Prestige Estates  says the Bill will bring more credibility into the sector and also enable domestic and foreign inflows. The Bill may marginalize the smaller players but may encourage speedy adjudication of disputes between buyers, agents and developers, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra.
Earlier, this week, Housing and Poverty Alleviation Minister Venkaiah Naidu said regulation in real estate is the need of the hour as certain incidents have impacted the image of the sector "negatively" but the Bill in this regard will not create any over-regulation.
Furthermore, if the Bill is passed, one can expect quick approval for real estate projects, Razack adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: The market is getting a bit worried about what that bill could mean for real estate companies. Do you think those worries should be genuine?
A: I think the bill if it is introduced and if it just becomes law, it will help companies like ours and also it will help the customers interests also. The bill talks about keeping the money that is collected from customers in an escrow account in using the funds for the project which anyway in any case we are following that discipline. Only 20 percent can be taken out for the surplus for other projects aligned by and all of that.
Also you cannot launch a project without having all the approvals in place. I believe this will bring in a lot more discipline and what it will do is it will marginalise the smaller players who are already stressed for cash flows and they will be in a bit of pressure. But let us see in what form the bill finally gets introduced and what the provisions are. As long as it is not one more license raj we are fine with it. As long as we don’t have to go and get one more approval it is fine, as long as right now the bill talks of uploading all the details of the projects on the website and then we are ready to go. Final clarity will come when the complete bill is in place once it sees the full finality and it should be good for the consumer as well as for developers who are seriously there on the long-term play.
Q: How is the Bangalore market doing this quarter for you all in terms of volumes as well as prices?
A: It is doing as good as it has done in the previous quarter and the sales volumes are pretty robust. The good part is because of the euphoria and because of the feel good factor we are also now doing a lot of sales in the higher income bracket and of course we have done few relaunches of these projects and we find that there is a momentum even for this. So actually the overall price blend and the average price itself is likely to be as stable as we did in the last quarter which was about Rs 6000. And the numbers what we did last quarter, we should if not retain them we should exceed them. That is the type of feel that we have. We have almost come to the end of the quarter and we still have another week to go and there are some good numbers that we can expect this quarter also.
Prestige Estate stock price
On November 21, 2014, Prestige Estates Projects closed at Rs 246.20, down Rs 3.75, or 1.5 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 270.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 131.35.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 10.04 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 24.52. The latest book value of the company is Rs 79.90 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.08.
RELATED NEWS

Novartis reports positive trials for arthritis drugNovartis reports positive trials for arthritis drug
Reuters
Tweet
FRANKFURT, Sept 25:  
Swiss drugmaker Novartis said two late-stage trials showed its drug secukinumab improved symptoms of psoriatic arthritis, a type of arthritis associated with the skin disease psoriasis that causes joint pain, stiffness and swelling.
The trials, which involved a total of more than 1,000 people, showed the drug improved peripheral joint disease and prevented joint damage compared with a placebo and helped clear patients' skin, Novartis said in a statement on Thursday.
It plans to file for regulatory approval of secukinumab to treat psoriatic arthritis around the world next year.
It expects to receive approval of the drug to treat moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis later this year or early next year. It is also testing the drug for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and rheumatoid arthritis (RA).
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Vanitha Datla nominated Chairperson of CII TelanganaVanitha Datla nominated Chairperson of CII Telangana
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 25:  
Vanitha Datla, Executive Director & CFO, Elico Ltd, has been nominated Chairperson of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Telangana, for the period up to March 2015. J V Nrupender Rao, Chairman, Pennar Group, will be the Vice-Chairman.
Vanitha is also the Managing Director of Elico Healthcare Services Ltd, a service provider to the healthcare industry in countries such as the US, the West Asian region and the UK.
J V Nrupender Rao is the Promoter and Chairman of the Rs 1,400-crore Pennar Group and has rich experience in organisations such as the National Cash Register, USA, Union Carbide India, and Nagarjuna Group.
He was the National President of the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce and earlier President of the Hyderabad Management Association.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Investors see Mangalyaan success as India growth story modelInvestors see ‘Mangalyaan success’ as India growth story model
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 25:  
As US businessmen and investors await Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit, the investor community and the industry leaders today said the success of ‘Mangalyaan’ goes on to prove India’s growth story based on ’frugal innovations’
Debating the investment scenario in the country during an India Investment Forum conference, a group of industry leaders from India said it was a vast and complex country but one that presented huge growth opportunities if right reform decisions got implemented in time.
They also expressed optimism that the new government, led by Modi, would fast-track the reform process and remove the red tape and other concerns that investors have about India.
“The Mars landing story signifies two things. One is that it proves the frugal innovation and indigenous innovation concept that is at the core of India growth story and then this mission has become successful after 30 years of efforts and that too at a cost much lower than the similar missions of NASA,” Aditya Birla group’s president and chief economist Ajit Ranade said.
With the success of its Mars Mission ‘Mangalyaan’, India became the first country to succeed in the very first attempt.
At the conference organised by Institutional Investor Forums, leading stock exchange BSE’s Chief Executive Officer Ashishkumar Chauhan said that India was very complex, but it had many advantages to its credit including its young population.
“One large investor told me here that earlier he was looking at two countries —— Brazil and India —— for investments, but now he has zeroed in on India after the new government got such a huge mandate and things were not looking that great in the South American country,” Chauhan said.
The BSE CEO also said that the capital markets segment was making great strides in India and it is not just a place for trading for the sake of trading but also an avenue for capital formation.
Talking about the new government, Chauhan said there have not been any radical steps so far in the first four months but he was hopeful that “it will work towards making India a much better place to invest and do business.”
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

India is an opportunity  PM tells foreign investorsPM asks India Inc to develop India first, then go abroad
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching the 'Make in India' logo and souvenir with Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce and Industry, during the launch of 'Make In India' campaign at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching the Make In India logo during the launch of 'Make In India' campaign at vigyan bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: R V Moorthy
Industry captains applaud PM Modi on the occasion of Make in India launch at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: Kamal Narang
FDI also means First Develop India and not just Foreign Direct Investment, he says
New Delhi, Sept 25:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked India Inc to first focus on developing the country and then look abroad.
"FDI also means First Develop India and not just Foreign Direct Investment. Both the FDIs should move on parallel tracks," the PM said, while launching the 'Make in India' campaign here on Thursday.
Modi stressed on effective and easy governance, besides employment generation. "Investors have to understand that the purchasing power of India has to go up for expanding," he said.
Kicking off the ‘Make in India’ campaign, he said his government’s focus will be on physical infrastructure creation as well as creating a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods ranging from cars to software, satellites to submarines and paper to power.
“I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance and easy governance,” he said, while launching the ‘Make in India’ campaign that was attended by a galaxy of industrialists and business leaders, including Cyrus Mistry, Mukesh Ambani, Azim Premji, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chanda Kocchar and Y C Deveshwar.
Calling upon domestic and international companies to invest in India, the Prime Minister said his government’s focus is not only to ‘Look East’ but also to ‘Link West’.
“We want highways. We also want i-ways — information ways for a Digital India,” Modi said, adding “Make in India is not a slogan, not an invitation’’.
Recalling the scenario of last two-three years where “companies were looking to move out of country”, he said three months of the NDA government has reversed the mood with its focus on easing the process of doing business in the country.
“Government is committed to development. This is not a political agenda, but an article of faith,” he said, while stressing on public-private partnership as well as skill development for increasing the share of manufacturing in GDP.
Modi said the world is ready to come to Asia and India offers best destination as it is a vibrant democracy with demographic dividend and huge demand.
Earlier, the Commerce and Industry Minister, Nirmala Sitaraman, assured de-licensing, de-regulation and radical changes to attract domestic and foreign investors into the country.
In an event to mark the launch of the 'Make in India' initiative, she said that the Government would focus on 25 sectors to push manufacturing, including automobiles, textiles, leather, electronics, engineering and IT.
She said that the Government aims to raise the share of manufacturing to 25 per cent of GDP from 15 per cent. Under the new initiative a dedicated team would facilitate investors 24x7. It may be noted that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the new mission in his Independence Day speech this year.
The Minister said many new initiatives had been announced, including liberalisation of the FDI regime in sectors such as defence and the Railways. But this was just the beginning and many more measures would be initiated, she said, while adding that the effort would be to remove the tag of a country riddled with red-tapism.
In his remarks, the Chairman of Reliance industries, Mukesh Ambani, announced investment of Rs. 1.80 lakh crore in the next 12-15 months which, in turn, would create 1.25 lakh jobs. He also hoped that implementation of GST would help to create a single market.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Live Make in India: We want Indian companies to shine as MNCs  says Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Live: FDI for Indians is First Develop India  says ModiUpdated: September 25, 2014 17:33 IST
FDI for Indians is First Develop India, says Modi
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching the 'Make In India' logo with Kalraj Mishra (left), Minister for Micro Small and Medium Enterprises and Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce and Industry in New Delhi. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
The Hindu The logo of 'Make in India' unveiled at the event in Delhi on Thursday.
A screen grab of Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Make in India campaign in New Delhi on Thursday.
With his "Come, make in India" slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.
12.35: PM Narendra Modi concludes his speech.
I urge those of you who've been considering leaving India to stay back, flourish here first, then decide: PM Modi #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.35: Today is a very special day for me. It is the birth anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Uoadhyaya, who has inspired us through our lives: PM
12.35: This country is yours. Develop your business within the country and then step out, don't go out of compulsion: PM
"We want highways. We also want i-ways - information ways for a Digital India" PM @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.33: Govt is committed to growth, there is no political agenda but article of faith; States and Centre should work as a team; development of States is development of India: Narendra Modi
12.30: This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as MNCs: PM
12.28: I want Indian companies to be multi-national ones. But they should make the country stronger: PM Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.24: Want to enhance Public-Private Partnerships in skills development: Narendra Modi
When govt becomes facilitator desired results are achieved: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.23: We have reversed the trend of investors going outside the country: Narendra Modi
12.20: Nobody can question the talent of our people...especially after yesterday: PM
"We don't have to tell the world our address, there'll be a Vasco da Gama in every nook and corner in India"- PM @narendramodi #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.16: Be assured you will not lose your money: PM to industrialists.
@narendramodi : "Don't think of India just as a market. The quicker Indian middle class grows the bigger the market becomes" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.15: I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance: Narendra Modi
12.12: My 3 month experience tells me that the entire team has a very positive outlook and thinking. They are 2 steps ahead of me too: Narendra Modi
Combination of democracy, demographic dividend & growing demand India's USP: PM Modi at #MakeInIndia @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
12.12: The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address: PM
"FDI means #FirstDevelopedIndia for me." PM Shri @narendramodi at #MakeInIndia launch.
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
12.09: Industry does not come when there are too many incentive schemes. We have to create a development & growth oriented environment: Narendra Modi
This is the step of a Lion...Make in India: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.06: We have to increase manufacturing and at the same time ensure that the benefits reach the youth of our nation: PM
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.05: My definition of FDI for the people of India is First Develop India: PM
12.04: Rule of law should be there, corporate government responsibility should be the norm: PM.
12.04: People are talking about FDI but I see things differently. FDI is also a responsibility for the people of India: PM
For the world FDI is an opportunity: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
12.03: Mantra of our Government is that we want to trust each and every India. The atmosphere of trust can change a lot of things: Narendra Modi
12.02: Who is the Government for? It is for every Indian. It is for the poorest of the poor: Narendra Modi
12.01: A decision on self certification...many may feel this is a small step but what can be bigger than trusting 125 crore Indians: Narendra Modi
Biggest issue is trust. Why do we not trust our fellow countrymen? I want to change this: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.59: A trust was broken that when a policy will be changed, when CBI will come...this is what I heard from all you: Narendra Modi
We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India. Can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.58: Yet, when I heard such views I felt very sad. Why must our own people want to leave India: Narendra Modi
11.57: Whenever I met people for the last few years they would tell me — we want to shift out. I never saw political reasons behind it: PM Modi
11.55: I was hearing the business leaders. My Ministerial colleague also shared insight, we even saw the film: Prime Minister Narendra Modi
11.53: The Prime Minister starts addressing the gathering.
11.52: PM also unveils 'Make in India' brochure. Set of brochure covering 25 sectors covering just what every investor needs to invest in India.
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 25, 2014
11.50: PM Narendra Modi unveils the 'Make in India' logo. Make in India logo is derived from Ashok Chakra: wheel denotes peaceful progress, and the lion stands for strength and tenacity.
The information & facts that potential investors need for each sector have been compiled in brochures. #MakeInIndia pic.twitter.com/8rxGzCd0nF
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.45: Prime Minister will unveil the global 'Make in India' logo shortly.
11.40: My next investment destination is Madhya Pradesh: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar: " #MakeInIndia has given a mantra to eliminate all the ailments our economy has been suffering from"
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.39: Problems of inflation, unemployment can be resolved through domestic manufacturing: Y.C. Deveshwar
Y C Deveshwar to @narendramodi "Boldness of your vision and the simplicity with which you have communicated it is inspiring" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.38: Like others, I am also inspired by the boldness of your vision and simplicity of your communication: Y.C. Deveshwar
"Make in India" campaign going global. Outreach now underway in Indonesia. pic.twitter.com/Jxmjfd4wfb
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
11.37: Y.C. Deveshwar, ITC Chairman, is speaking now.
11.36: We believe India is the epicentre of innovation: Phil Shaw.
11.35: With a supportive Government in India, as we do have here, we can do a lot more: Phil Shaw
11.33: Phil Shaw, CEO of Lockheed Martin India is speaking now.
Watch Live:
11.32: Train 5000 youth to give them basic skills o make them employable in industries. All of them are fully employed and more than 30% of them are young girls from semi urban and rural areas: Chanda Kochhar
We believe India is an epicentre of innovation: Mr. Shaw, Lockheed Martin India
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.30: We have been playing a role in manufacturing in India for the last 60 years. In the last one year we are focuses on skill training our youth: Chanda Kochhar
Chanda Kochhar @ICICIBank : "As a nation we need to focus on 4 areas- rules & regulations, infrastructure, policies and skill training."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.25: We will ensure that whatever gets made in India is best globally and that manufacturing processes are sustainable, and at competitive costs. We need to focus on the ease of doing business; the industry would need all infrastructure and we will need to give youth the resources to involve themselves in manufacturing: Chanda Kochhar, ICICI Bank CEO
11.23: Manufacturing has to become the next big wave. India is already a manufacturing hub for Birla group. More than 80% of revenue comes from Indian manufacturing for Birla group: K.M. Birla
Make in India has a very special resonance for our group: Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.21: India is a global IT hub and reservoir of human capital: K.M. Birla
11.20: Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman, Adithya Birla Group is now speaking
Azim Premji @Wipro : "True success of manufacturing lies in the ability to service global markets" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.18: The PM vision as a manufacturing powerhouse calls for educated workforce of thinkers and problem solvers: Azim Premji
11.11: Creating 1,25,000 new jobs in the next 12 to 15 months; With your leadership India can come back to fast growth trajectory; 8 and 10 per cent growth potential for India: Mukesh Ambani to PM
India's top Industrialists (from left) Tata Group Chairman Cyrus Mistry; Maruti Suzuki CEO Kenichi Ayukawa; Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani; Bosch Executive Director Franz Hauber; Wipro Chairman Azim Premji during the launch of "Make In India" at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
11.10: Implementation of GST will make India one market and strengthen overall 'Make in India' programme: Ambani.
11.09: Make in India is typical to your style. Make is for all Indians and the world. Make is for the present and the future. Important for us to succeed in global competitiveness: Mukesh Ambani to PM
Mr. Mukesh Ambani: "When the world looks at India, let nobody have a doubt that we can be competitive on global terms." #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
11.08: On behalf on Indian industries I commit myself to the Make in India program: Mukesh Ambani
11.07: You gave us a vision of digital India goes hand in hand with make in india framework, Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.06: You have focused Indians towards the present and the future: Mukesh Ambani to Modi
11.05: Today is a historic day for Indian industry: Mukesh Ambani. For Make In India movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
Today we commit ourselves to Make India, a call that was given by our beloved PM on Independence Day: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
11.03: Mukesh Ambani, Chairman, Reliance industries Ltd. speaks.
My warm greetings to everyone on Navratri. Today is undoubtedly a historic day for Indian industry: Mr. Mukesh Ambani
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
MD Suzuki Motor Corp Kenichi Ayukawa: "India has the potential to become the most powerful car manufacturer of the world" #MakeInIndia
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.55: Kenichi Ayukawa, CEO of Maruti Suzuki speaks. "We have been able to implement Japanese work practices in India."
Cyrus Mistry, @TataCompanies : "We are greatly encouraged that the #MakeinIndia programme is bringing together industry and government."
— Make in India (@makeinindia_) September 25, 2014
10.51: India has 2 strategic advantages — our human capital and a market which affords scale and growth: Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons
Under leadership of our PM, Make in India is bringing together industry and government: Mr. Cyrus Mistry, Tata Sons. http://t.co/Mv6VWi6ubN
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
10.49: Fully committed to de-licensing, deregulating and taking India to high growth trajectory: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.47: Series of measures taken on ease of doing business: Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
10.46: Make in India is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with single minded commitment, about new processes: Nirmala Sitharaman
10.45: Presentation on wooing investors being played in all state capitals. PM's speech will be translated into other foreign languages.
10.40: Union Minister of State for Commerce and Industry and Finance and Corporate Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman begins her address,"We want to make India A global manufacuring destination. We have a liberalised FDI policy. We have created a dedicated team to invest in India to assist and handhold investors from across the globe""
'Make in India' going global.Indian Missions translating into Arabic,Chinese,German, Russian, Japanese,Spanish & more pic.twitter.com/TjEDnOhTtG
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 25, 2014
10.30: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India campaign begins: aims to attract foreign companies in Indian infrastructure. To highlight liberalised defence manufacturing.
10.20: Mukesh Ambani, Cyrus Mistry, Osamu Suzuki, KM Birla, Azim Premji expected to speak at 'Make in India' launch
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the “Make In India” campaign, aimed at reviving the job-creating manufacturing sector — key to taking the economy on a sustainable high growth path.
The drive, the Modi government hopes, will do for investment sentiment what the “Incredible India” campaign has accomplished for tourism. With his “Come, make in India” slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.

Ambanis $1.6bn hydropower deal collapsesAmbani abandons $1.6bn hydropower deal
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a8d3442-447a-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Expect Indian Rupee to trade on negative note: AngelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect Indian Rupee to trade on negative note: Angel
According to Angel Broking, Indian Rupee is expected to trade on a negative note after Supreme Court lifted ban on coal blocks which will lead to rise in imports thereby leading to concerns of widening of current account and deficit coupled with investors remaining cautious ahead of the RBI meeting next week, says the report.
Post your opinion here
 
Angel Broking's report on rupee
The Indian Rupee traded on a flat note and depreciated around 0.2 percent in the yesterday’s trading session. The currency depreciated after Supreme Court scrapped all but four of 218 coal blocks allocated by the government in past two decades which raised the concerns of increasing imports thereby widening the trade and current account deficit of the country. Further, decline in domestic market sentiments exerted downside pressure on the currency.
However, sharp downside in the currency was cushioned due to of selling of dollars by foreign banks and exporters above 61-mark. Additionally, inflow of foreign funds in equities and debt markets restricted downside movement in the currency. Foreign funds have bought around $3.62 billion in equities and debt markets till date in September and totaled to $33.65 billion in the current year. The currency touched an intra-day low of 61.05 and closed at 60.93 on Wednesday.
For the month of September 2014, FII inflows in equities totaled at Rs.6222.20 crores ($1028.85 million) as on 24th September 2014. Year to date basis, net capital inflows stood at Rs.84557.34 crores ($14064.57 million) as on 24th September 2014.
Outlook
From the intra-day perspective, we expect Indian Rupee to trade on a negative note after Supreme Court lifted ban on coal blocks which will lead to rise in imports thereby leading to concerns of widening of current account and deficit coupled with investors remaining cautious ahead of the RBI meeting next week. However, sharp fall in the currency will be prevented or reversal can be seen due to inflow of foreign funds in equities & debt markets, upbeat market sentiments, weakness in DX along with selling of dollars by foreign banks and exporters.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Gulf Oil Lubricants declares 100% interim dividendSep 25, 2014, 01.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gulf Oil Lubricants declares 100% interim dividend
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 25, 2014, decided to pay Interim Dividend of Rs. 2/- per equity share on 4,95,72,490 Equity Shares of Rs. 2/- each (i.e. 100% on the Face Value of the equity shares) of the Company for the financial year 2014-15.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gulf Oil Lubricants declares 100% interim dividend
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 25, 2014, decided to pay Interim Dividend of Rs. 2/- per equity share on 4,95,72,490 Equity Shares of Rs. 2/- each (i.e. 100% on the Face Value of the equity shares) of the Company for the financial year 2014-15.
Post your opinion here
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 25, 2014, decided to pay Interim Dividend of Rs. 2/- per equity share on 4,95,72,490 Equity Shares of Rs. 2/- each (i.e. 100% on the Face Value of the equity shares) of the Company for the financial year 2014-15.The Interim Dividend will be paid to the eligible Members of the Company by October 24, 2014.Source : BSE
RELATED NEWS

Exit MMTC  advises Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Exit MMTC, advises Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com recommends exiting MMTC.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " MMTC is a fundamental news driven stock. It is very illiquid, it is hardly traded on the stock exchange and it goes up and down because of rumours. I would suggest to get out of it."
"There are a lot of opportunities in the PSUs themselves. So, maybe you can buy State Bank of India  (SBI) at a much lower price today or in the next few days. It is much better to get out of MMTC. Go to  NMDC if you are in the same sector but this is not a stock you want to be in," he said.
Disclosure: Analyst does not have positions in the stocks.
RELATED NEWS

Perfectionist microbrewers may reverse Japans slide into canned cocktailsMake mine a microbrew. (Reuters/Issei Kato)
SHARE
Heather Timmons @HeathaT
September 25, 2014
Kirin Breweries, one of Japan’s top beermakers, is about to pay $9.2 million for a minority stake Yo-Ho Brewing, a brewery with just 30 employees located deep in Japan’s mountainous Nagano prefecture, Nikkei’s Asian Review reports. While Yo-Ho’s staff is small, the company’s Yona Yona Ale has been lauded in Japan and internationally, and sales have grown by double digits in recent years.
Yo-Ho’s sales growth is a stark contrast to the overall beer industry in Japan, which is dominated by Sapporo, Asahi and Kirin. Overall beer consumption has been declining for over a decade, as Japanese consumers embrace lower-calorie drinks like white wine spritzers and cheap canned cocktails .
Share
Tap image to zoom
Kirin’s deal is the first big acquisition by a major Japanese brewer into the local craft brewing market, but it all the signs are right for a Japanese version of the  takeover of the US craft-brewing industry. Japan’s big brewers like Asahi have sought out acquisitions overseas (paywall) in recent years to offset a decline in domestic beer demand. But continued weakness in the yen and the growing popularity of local craft brews may turn their focus toward home.
Since the Japanese government changed laws in the mid-1990s, dozens of microbreweries have sprung up around the country, not unlike the US’s small brewery craze . Japan’s breweries—often run by families who have brewed sake for generations—make beers that are sometimes reminiscent of European and US styles, but are known for drawing from a “ far wider range of unusual ingredients ” and relentlessly refining their brewing techniques and end products. 
Just as the Japanese pursuit of perfection (paywall) is spawning restaurants that now offer up French food that’s better than what’s available in France and espressos that rival Italy’s, Japan’s craft brewers are now making some of the best beers in the world. They include Osaka’s Minoh Brewery , owned by three sisters, which won the World’s Best Imperial IPA award in 2013:
Share
Tap image to zoom
And the Coedo Brewery in Kawagoe, which won a silver in the “American-style amber lager” category at the 2014 World Beer Cup for its Kyara beer:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Japan’s craft brewers are “taking things from other places, tweaking them and making them better,” Mark Meli, the author of Japan’s first guide to microbreweries in English, told The New York Times  earlier this year.  Perhaps because of these improvements, Japan’s consumption of craft beers increased from 29 million liters in 2008 to 35 million in 2013, a jump of 21%, according to Japan’s Craft Beer Association .
Despite the growth, the market remains small; domestic microbreweries only account for about 1% of Japan’s beer consumption, the publisher of the Japan Beer Times told Bloomberg last year. That’s in part because prices are high—as much as twice what you’d pay for an Asahi or a Kirin. Still, brewers are optimistic that the weak yen could spark even more interest in local craft beers, as US and European imports become more expensive.
Share this:

Look East and link West  says PM Modi at Make in India launchLook East and link West  says PM Modi at Make in India launch
Sagar Cements to acquire BMM Cements at an enterprise value of $90MSagar Cements to acquire BMM Cements at an enterprise value of $90M
Need to break back of inflation: RajanNeed to break back of inflation: Rajan
Tata Power updates on cancellation of coal blocksTata Power updates on cancellation of coal blocks
IKEA inks agreement with Karnataka  Telangana to open storesIKEA inks agreement with Karnataka  Telangana to open stores
China  other East Asian share markets to gain through 2015China  other East Asian share markets to gain through 2015
Poland looking to strengthen agriculture ties with IndiaPoland looking to strengthen agriculture ties with India
Make in India: What industry leaders sayMake in India: What industry leaders say
Bank stocks extend lossesBank stocks extend losses
US Visit: Nadella  Nooyi to Attend Modi s Madison Square SpeechUS Visit: Nadella  Nooyi to Attend Modi s Madison Square Speech
BSE: Indian bourses can help raise $100-150 bn capital every yearBSE: Indian bourses can help raise $100-150 bn capital every year
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 25:  
Pitching for stock exchanges to become a major avenue for raising capital and channelise them into investments, BSE’s CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan today said bourses can help companies garner $100-150 billion worth of funds a year, marking an over 10-fold increase from current levels.
He also said the exchanges need to shift their focus away from being a place to do “trading just for the sake of trading” to become a platform for capital formation.
“At BSE, in the last three-four years, the companies have been raising close to $10-12 billion by way of IPOs, offer for sale, debt instruments, etc.
“We have to raise the bar by expanding our facilities and our ability to take it close to $100-150 billion a year so that the funds are channelised into investments,” Chauhan told PTI in an interview here.
The BSE chief, who was here to attend the India Investors Forum and other events in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high-profile US visit, said the role of stock exchanges can be important in helping “India create $1-1.5 trillion investments in productive sectors and help create jobs”.
“We need to steadfastly focus on helping India raise capital and create wealth rather than just trading for the sake of trading. Basically, exchanges need to change their mindset.
“Today, a large portion of the exchanges’ revenue comes from trading, that is from transaction charges, and we need to focus now more on capital raising. We have to participate in India’s growth and become a catalyst and growth engine for our economic growth story. We need to shift the focus from trading to capital raising,” he said.
Chauhan also assured international investors that the Indian regulatory framework today is at the forefront of modern thinking about investor protection and investor rights.
“There is a special focus on how to provide minority investors their rights and how to bring transparency and fairness in the working of companies.
“In India, the capital markets regulator SEBI, the Ministry of Finance and the Corporate Affairs Ministry have strived in the last six months or so to ensure that investors who are used to protection and a regulatory regime in most developed markets, get similar things in India,” he said.
“Some of the newer regulations are such that they are even better than those in many advanced countries such as in the Americas and Europe. For example, the new Companies Act provides that related party transactions be voted by non-promoter shareholders only. That’s a huge change from the earlier mindset and would allow non-promoter shareholders to have a bigger say in the working of a company,” he added.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Kerala announces fellowships to mark Mangalyaan successKerala announces fellowships to mark Mangalyaan success
PTI
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 25:  
The Kerala government has announced post-doctoral fellowships in space technology to mark the success of India’s Mars Orbiter Mission.
The ‘Mangalyaan fellowships’ would be instituted through the Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE) to promote novel applications of space technology in the development domain, according to an official release today.
Initially, 10 fellowships would be offered in four sectors — agriculture, education, skill development and health — to encourage young researchers to come up with applications of space technology in these areas.
The grant, which will be of up to Rs 30,000, would be provided to selected candidates for two years.
The proposal was approved by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, who is also president of KSCSTE, soon after the MOM yesterday successfully entered the Red Planet’s orbit.
VN Rajasekharan Pillai, Executive Vice President of KSCSTE, said the fellowships would attract young researchers keen to bring the fruits of space science research to the development domain.
India created space history yesterday by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Sensex sheds 114 points ahead of F&O expiry; metal  power stocks tripSensex tanks 276 points; realty, oil & gas stocks slump
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
Continuing to reel under the impact of coal de-allocation by the Supreme Court, Sensex dipped 276 points to 26,468 on Thursday.
The benchmark index opened on the higher side at 26,809 against the previous close of 26,745. It made a high of 26,814 and low of 26,350 before closing at 26,468.
Turnover on BSE was down marginally at Rs 3,624 crore against Rs 3,653 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was down 91 points at 7,912.
Shares across sectors including banking, oil and gas and metal were down in a trade marked by high volatility as investors rolled over their position from near month to the October contract in the futures and options segment.
Bank stocks extended losses incurred in the previous day’s trading session on concern over bad loans due to their exposure to coal mines after the Supreme Court's decision cancelling most coal block allocations since 1993.
Among PSU banks that declined include Canara Bank (-5%), Union Bank of India (-7%), Bank of India (-8%), Punjab National Bank (-6%), Syndicate Bank (-8%), Indian Overseas Bank (-7%), Oriental Bank of Commerce (-8%), and Dena Bank (-4%).
State Bank of India fell four per cent to Rs 2,378 as the bank after market hours on Wednesday said the board has approved a 10-for-1 stock split.
Andhra Bank tumbled 12 per cent to Rs 64 on reports that it has a loan exposure of Rs 4,346 crore to companies whose coal blocks were cancelled by the Supreme Court.
Major gainers were Aurobindo Pharma (8%), Infratel (5%), Dr Reddy’s (3%) and TCS (2%).
Prominent losers were JP Associate (-19%), JP Power (-14%), JP Infratec (-13%),
IDBI (-11%), Financial Technologies (-10%), Strides Arcolab (-10%), HDIL (-9%) and Adani Power (-9%).
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Get your fix of film and fashion straight from cinemas biggest carnival.You are here » Home » Cannes 2012
Cannes 2012
Cannes Film Festival celebrated 100 years of Turkish cinema by conferring the Golden Palm on Winter Sleep directed by Nuri Bilge Ceylan. Earlier he has won the best director
May
In the early ’60s he challenged the conventions of traditional cinema through innovations in techniques, the narrative structure, editing and mise-en-scene. Jean Luc Godard, one of the luminaries of
May
"I began writing a series of short stories to vent my frustrations.  When I put them together I realised that they had an underlying  theme
May
Dardenne brothers, Jean-Pierre and Luc from Belgium, have always espoused lower middle class Belgian life in all their films — The Promise, Rosetta, The Child, Lorna’s Silence and The Kid
May

Manager - Business DevelopmentCompetitive
Further information
Maersk Oil UK is a leading oil and gas exploration and production business with ambitious plans to grow its business in the UK North Sea. 
We currently require a Manager - Business Development, to manage the identification, evaluation, recommendation and execution of acquisition and divestment activities.
This is a business critical role which requires extensive experience in upstream acquisition, merger & divestment practice.
As part of the A.P. Moller - Maersk Group, Maersk Oil offers you a dynamic working environment with great opportunities for personal development.
For more information and to apply, click on the "Apply now" button.
Maersk Oil UK

ReviewerSpeak:  iPhone 6 best smartphone ever madeReviewerSpeak: 'iPhone 6 best smartphone ever made'
Wed Sep 17 2014, 13:56 hrs
Bigger is better and Apple Inc has finally realized that and unveiled iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus products that may be low on novelty but high on improvements, reviewers wrote. Most reviewers say that the iPhone 6 is the best smartphone available or "ever made", while the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus has been described as a "phablet" that will give competition to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Galaxy S line of 'big' Android phones. (AP)
"I think it's a terrific phone. In my view, it's the best smartphone on the market, when you combine its hardware, all-new operating system, and the Apple ecosystem whose doors it opens," Walt Mossberg wrote of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 in the tech blog Re/code. (http://on.recode.net/1yelaOv)
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch. (Reuters)
Geoffrey Fowler, who reviewed the phones for the Wall Street Journal, said Apple has "successfully addressed its size deficiency." (http://on.wsj.com/1u5kdBG) (Reuters)
New York Times reviewer Molly Wood appreciated the new "thinner, flatter and more rounded shapes" of both the phones. But she pointed out that the sleek look comes at the cost of the phones feeling "slippery". (http://nyti.ms/1woWs9r)
(In pic)Phil Schiller, Apple's senior VP of worldwide product marketing, discusses the camera features of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus. (AP)
Joshua Topolski, who reviewed the phones for Bloomberg, said they were faster than their predecessors. "Apple will tell you that these are the fastest mobile devices it's ever made, and it wouldn't be lying. These phones scream," Topolski wrote. (http://buswk.co/1u5n4uq)
(In pic) Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event to announce the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus at the Flint Center in Cupertino. (Reuters)
Reader´s Comments

View the best stories from across carefully selected websites. Antenna is designed for FT readers and powered by Twitter accounts we trust. Click here to seeFT Antenna brings you a selection of stories from across the web. More info.
Today's Top Stories
@chrisadamsmkts retweeted @FinancialTimes 13 hours ago
About Antenna
Antenna is an experiment by the FT. It is powered by tweets from accounts we trust. Only links to websites carefully selected by us can appear.
Who's it for?
It's for FT readers who don't have the time to be on Twitter all day, but who want to be tipped off about a variety of interesting stories from across the web.
How does it work?
FT Antenna updates throughout the day. It uses London time to define "Today", "Yesterday", and "This Week".
But how does it work?
The main scoring mechanism reflects the number of retweets, but there’s some scaling so that Twitter accounts with relatively few followers aren’t penalised.
What next?
If you like what you see and think it's useful, then tell your friends, family and colleagues. (And tell us. We'd love to hear from you!)

Designers are not suppliers or vendors  they create valueTweet
Jonathan Ford and Deepali Nair
Organisations that understand the role of design see it as an investment in their future and not as a cost, says Jonathan Ford of Pearlfisher
Jonathan Ford, Founding Creative Partner and Chief Creative Officer London for Pearlfisher, has been at the forefront of inspiring his agency to create design that makes the future better.
An ardent advocate of the power of creativity to inspire change, he has been responsible for creating some of the world’s most loved challenger and iconic brands.
Ford also champions the art of brand design through all aspects of his career, including in his role as trustee of the Haller Foundation.
At the Kyoorius DesignYatra 2014, cat.a.lyst got Deepali Naair, CMO, Mahindra Holidays and Resorts, to interview Ford on making the designer-client engagement a perfect relationship.
You said design is integral to the business. How challenging is it to get the board of clients to understand this?
It is not easy. The best way to deal with this is to put out messages that appeal to the leaders of these organisations so that they see the value in what design can do for them. They see design as an investment in their future and not as a cost. They do not then see designers as a supplier or a vendor but as someone who creates value. But there are still a lot of challenges.
It is very difficult to explain the value or return on investment on design from good design to great design. How does the design business manage to communicate that?
Good design versus great design can be a grey area. There are ways to monitor success and development — it should not be just about sales return. For example, a new brand identity can make everyone feel more positive, you can reduce carbon footprint, reduce waste in packaging.
There are many ways you can be effective with great design. You should not look at good and great design at an investment level.
There are organisations that measure effectiveness in design. The Design Business Association in England has been running the design effectiveness awards for nearly 20 years. That’s a great place to share the evidence of how design can work. You can only enter those awards if the client enters the awards with you.
Have clients ever sought your help on selling great design internally?
That’s a part of the process of not being seen as just a supplier or a vendor.
What, according to you, should be in the DNA of a corporate organisation which makes it open to great design?
If you can tell by that company culture whether it has an open mind to change. For many corporations it’s very difficult because they are so hierarchical and those people are filled with fear about making a change that will go wrong. They are the ones who use examples like ‘when designers made this change in the past, it was a big failure …’ and whatever.
They ignore very conveniently that the entire auto industry is based on design. Technology, for instance, defines itself through design. There is a cultural fit that we look for. Sometimes it’s explicitly obvious that the organisation has a great culture towards design. Sometimes it’s a lot more subtle.
A lot of the work you showed here was from the FMCG category. What’s your comment on the service industry being open to great design?
I think it is. It’s true that there is a lot of FMCG in our portfolio as we do a lot of work in that space. You just have to look and see, the service industry has both good and bad examples. It’s just like FMCG.
In a design engagement, what should be the ideal number of executives who should work from the client’s side?
That’s a great question. You need to understand who the stakeholders are in the project. We spend a lot of time at the beginning of a project to ensure that no one who has a key stake is left behind.
The ideal number is one or two people leading the project.
But then depending on the brand the number of stakeholders will vary. If it’s an international brand, you would need representations from most countries.
Is there a difference between Asian clients and other countries in their approach to design?
You can pick up cultural differences, certainly. But that applies to England and the US too. In India, there is a great sense that ‘everything is possible’. I find that very aligned with the American spirit.
In England, there can be a bit of reticence like ‘why are we doing that?’ There’s a lot of passion here.
When MNCs use brands across countries there are lots of templates and guidelines at play. What is a good way of doing it and what is a bad way of doing it?
You need to establish some sort of order in the chaos, especially if you are introducing something new.
At the same time, you should not design in such a way that it becomes a straitjacket. What you are doing should be consistent across different countries and different media.
It should not be a brick wall but a springboard that can inspire others. The iconic brands get this right in the way they look and create this incredible sense of design.
Some clients have superior processes in rolling out marketing programmes. Who would you rank high on that parameter?
Waitrose from the UK clearly stands out. You would think that in a retailer it will be very complicated. But actually, since they have got design integrated into the decision-making group, they are a really good example of efficiency in getting things to market.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Managing Director IIFLDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

The brand in the musicTweet
REUTERS Bryan Adams
Jennifer Lopez in a performance of ‘Louboutins’, where the shoes are used as a metaphor for women's empowerment.
Rapper Kreayshawn sings 'Gucci Gucci' which is seen as an anti-luxury, anti-designer brand song.
“Well I don’t look good in no Armani suits/No Gucci shoes - or designer boots …” That’s how Bryan Adams’ song “The Only Thing that Looks Good on Me is You” starts off. This is probably no endorsement of those brands.
There are scores of songs and music videos in which brands are mentioned, for some reason or the other. Can you name some, brand and song?
Here are some more: Mail cat.a.lyst@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Going for the Big BuyGoing for the Big Buy
ANISHA MOTWANI
With its ‘Buy’ button, Twitter seizes the chance to snare customers who would otherwise forget something they have seen there
Et tu Brutus.
Do you remember that irresistibly cute girl in the metro you coyly eyed last week? And that mink coat (animal rights activists, pardon!) you promised to indulge yourself with?
Surely, you bought that home theatre that you had planned to pick up from the mall last weekend.
Sorry, did you just say you can’t remember anything?
Me neither!
Honey, we shrunk the text
Ladies, gents – welcome to a world of hyper multi-taskers. We multi-chat, multi-text and multi-friend, so much so that it is indeed rare that we do only one thing at a time. But that’s not all.
Add generous portions of other chronic symptoms of modern life – time and attention-deficit, a virtual tsunami of confounding choices plus a desire for instant gratification and what you end up with is a new-age customer that is highly impatient, whimsical and capricious.
Twitter was the first to decode these new-age customers and understand their racing pulse. Which is why it asked an innocuous, frugal and innocent question – “What’s happening?” – but dared us to answer in 140 characters or less. The rest, as they say, is history. Suddenly our world was abridged. Shakespeare would roll in his grave, as literary prose and sound argument were sacrificed at Twitter’s twin altars of speed and brevity.
But Twitter’s short-message format worked marvels of instant gratification.
Tweets rang around the world, were shared, mentioned and re-tweeted millions of times trending globally across continents. To the select few, Twitter even offered a higher order of instant gratification in the form of crowning 15 minutes of fame, instant acclaim and celebrity-hood.
A dinosaur in my mirror!
Caught unawares and flummoxed by the changed behaviour of their audience most traditional marketers are being forced to introspect as they can see a dinosaur staring back when they peek into the mirror.
Simply put, their once-loyal audience is no longer turned on by the classic marketing drip model and funnel theory of AIDA (Awareness, Interest, Desire, Action). Instead, new-age customers believe in fast-forwarding their digital journeys from awareness to acquisition in the same breath, without even a whistlestop tour of elements such as interest, desire or its brethren, consideration and preference. In between they indulge and busy themselves with posting a range of content in the form of comments, tweets and posts in social media thus influencing choices made by other customers down the line.
Buy or bye-bye!
Fishing is a great benchmark for marketing to emulate. A fisherman “reels the fish in on a single tug of the line” rather than asking his catch if she is “interested” and if she has “considered” options or has various competing “preferences”.
It seems that inspired by fishing, Twitter is turning the wheels on another revolution. It has decided to deep-seed a ‘Buy’ button within tweets. Through this calibrated move, Twitter is reaching out to define a large role for itself in the business ecosystem. By doing so, it is shifting forward and taking a giant leap from cheap “Likes/Shares” to worthy “buys”.
After all, what is the point of a like and its surrounding buzz if it fails to translate into a business transaction? And this is where we are starting to see a bevy of new-age brands with a digital heritage question the staus quo of traditional marketing and walk-a-new-talk confidently.
These brands believe in a progressive journey where they put conscious effort behind moving a customer from watching and liking stuff to getting the customer to say the three magic words: I love you. Only, the difference here is that the customer’s proclamation is in a binary format coded in 16-digit credit-card statements!
But what a wonderful, exciting, socially addictive experience potentially lies ahead with Twitter and the fraternity of likeminded brands aiming to extend a friendly conversation over social media smoothly into an e-commerce sale!
This will be a win-win as customers who would have bounced off now have an opportunity to “buy what they Like” without bothering to revisit, recall (that didn’t work!) or repeat the purchase journey all over again before we end up with, “Sorry, did you just say you can’t remember anything?”
Last word
Businesses that are no longer content with merely stimulating customers but insist on going on to close the purchase steps will thrive as they will create pools of revenue where none existed previously. As for the rest, they may well decay in years to come. For they will discover that a customer who did not buy said bye bye!
So, the new brief to social media should be to action its Likes. What next, you ask? Want to move the needle from instant sales to rapid order fulfilment?
Enter: Drones laden with your order now buzzing on a window near you ...
This changes everything. Again.
(DIRECTOR AND CMO, MAX LIFE INSURANCE)
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Doing good  by designDavid Berman
The Neo Toilet Bike
Sometimes products are designed for the world with a callous disregard for the environment. But there is someone who believes that all is not lost
David Berman loves to indulge in drama. He enters the stage carrying a plastic crate full of Coca-Cola bottles and declares in accented Hindi that as he’s not well-versed in Hindi, the rest of the talk will be in English. But Berman, who is the founder of design and strategic communications firm davidberman.communications, is quick to move on to serious matters. His topic of discussion at Kyoorius DesignYatra 2014 is: “How About Making the Planet Your Client”.
Berman is among those who firmly believe that good design can positively influence “the future of human civilisation.” He says the power of two million designers around the world needs to be unleashed on an urgent basis. “We must use our power and privilege as designers, marketers and communicators to do good,” urges Berman who’s authored a book on doing good through design.
With ink or poop
According to him, there are several instances where designers have designed for doing good to the world. The first example that he gives is the Ecofont. Developed by a Dutch design firm, the Ecofont riddles holes in each character without affecting legibility. This helps in saving toner and printer ink up to as much as 50 per cent, claims the product’s website. Or in the case of rebranding of the rail network by German major DB Schenker, Berman points out that by just replacing the dark borders of the DB logo, the rail network was able to save a lot of paint.
Another example is the Neo Toilet Bike. Designed in, where else but Japan, by leading maker of toilets, Toto, the three-wheeler bike runs on biogas generated by human poop. “It’s always the extreme ideas that end up becoming viable,” Berman chips in.
Even as we speak, there is a group of designers who have come up with a small but powerful idea to ensure that companies start thinking about sustainability. The idea uses Google to power its activism. Called ecosearch, the Google bar uses a green button on the top right hand of the screen. When activated by the user, all search recommendations that are thrown up prioritise companies that care for the planet. To push the agenda further, Berman worked to establish a code of ethics which embraces social responsibility for designers. The code has been adopted as an international model by Icograda (short for The International Council of Graphic Design Associations), an international body of the design fraternity.
Getting the message across
However, while many designers may have all the right ideas, the main task is to ensure that the entire organisation buys into the idea. Berman agrees and points out that there are many ideas on how design can have a lasting influence in doing good for the world, but that’s not enough.
“The biggest problem is not in knowing how to do good through design. It’s in communicating the thought. That’s what makes one idea reach a tipping point while several others fail.”
He reels out statistics on how every single day, the earth is taking another step towards destruction (see box). Then he brings in the positive spin. “There has never been more hope than now. But there is also an urgency like never before,” says Berman.
For instance, even as Coca-Cola reaches every corner of the world, the plastic crates carrying the cola bottles offer an opportunity. That’s when you realise why Berman entered the stage carrying a crate of Coca-Cola.
He points to the gap between each bottle and says that a friend came up with the idea to develop an anti-diarrhoea kit. Called Yamoyo, the kit, with medicines and a bar of soap, fits in neatly between the necks of the cola bottles and reaches corners of the world that would otherwise struggle for medicines.
Another innovation using the cola is an invention by Daizi Zheng — of a cell phone battery pack that runs on carbonation. Clearly Berman has made his point. Will you make yours?
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

The risk of being a generic brandThe risk of being a generic brand
Prasad Sangameshwaran
Imitation not flattery When global retailer CostCo started selling Tiffany rings in its outlets, the New-York based jewellery store Tiffany & Co was not amused.
Being synonymous with its product may not always work to a company’s benefit
It’s a space that most brand managers aspire for as the gold standard — being seen as a generic to that category. Kleenex has achieved that in tissues globally, Xerox and Cadbury managed to get that exalted status for photocopiers and chocolates, respectively, in India.
But as some others like Tiffany are discovering, it’s not always good to be a generic.
When global retailer CostCo started selling Tiffany rings in its outlets, the New-York based upscale jewellery retailer Tiffany & Co. was not amused.
That’s because Tiffany had almost become a generic in the space of engagement rings and CostCo was selling rings called ‘Tiffany’ that did not belong to the upscale jeweller.
Instead, this was a retailer that was trying to ride on the popularity of the jeweller.
If the case that has landed up in courts does not go in favour of Tiffany and Co, the jewellery retail brand faces the danger of years of brand value being eroded in a jiffy.
Outshine, not outspend
Simon Manchipp, co-founder, SomeOne, a London-based design practice that launches, relaunches and protects brands worldwide, calls that a case of generics risking genericide (even if that sounds terrible). He says genericide is increasingly happening because people are concentrating on what they are doing as opposed to why they are doing it. “These companies are in real trouble. Tiffany is a world-class brand worth billions. But actually it got lazy. It did not reinforce why they do this stuff. It just spoke about what it does,” says Manchipp, on the sidelines of the Kyoorius DesignYatra 2014.
He elaborates that if one thinks deeper about this, most luxury brands might fall in that dangerous space. “There is no idea on why they exist. They are so fragile. That’s probably why they spend so much money on advertising.
They spend all that money trying to stay top of mind all the time,” he says, and adds that the idea about branding must not be to outspend the competition. Rather, it must be about outshining the competition.
Of course, there are exceptions to this rule. In the case of Chanel, the brand’s founders had a philosophy that ‘if you want to be irreplaceable, you have to be different’. That, according to Manchipp and his business partner David Law, has helped Chanel stand the test of time.
Manchipp feels that most companies take a hammer-like approach to situations and hence every problem ends up looking like a nail. “Most organisations only have a logo. You turn up and they will say, you cannot touch the logo but do anything else. We increasingly find that logo-centric brands are up for change,” he adds.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Gaston Legorburu s Creative ShowcaseThe best picked by one of the best
September 18, 2014:  
Click here to read Gaston Legorburu's Creative Showcase (PDF)
Gaston Legorburu, Worldwide Chief Creative Officer, SapientNitro has a voracious appetite for advertising work – the more diverse the better. As co-founder of Planning Group International, Gaston grew his agency into the largest privately held interactive agency in the US before it got acquired by Sapient in 2006.
Storyscaping, a book he’s co-authored with Darren McColl, gives glimpses of his ability to forecast what is next for brands and humans.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Check out iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus innardsCheck out iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus innards
Fri Sep 19 2014, 12:54 hrs
The Lightning connector assembly of the Apple iPhone 6 is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. (Reuters)
The Lightning connector assembly of the Apple iPhone 6 is shown during a product teardown. (Reuters)
The front of the logic board of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit. (Reuters)
The A8 processor of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit. (Reuters)
The rear-facing camera of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit. (Reuters)
The rear-facing camera of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is removed with tweezers during a product teardown by iFixit. (Reuters)
The interior of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. (Reuters)
The interior of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. (Reuters)
The battery is removed from the Apple iPhone 6 Plus during a product teardown by iFixit. (Reuters)
Reader´s Comments

Anyone for Hookers greenTweet
Mix and match: The merits of various brushes, the chemicals in different colours can set the pulse racing even before one has embarked on the act itself. Photo: K Ananthan
Mix and match: The merits of various brushes, the chemicals in different colours can set the pulse racing even before one has embarked on the act itself. Photo: M Srinath
Anita Roy
The rush of how-to books where the fantasy of doing is almost as good as the thing itself
There’s nothing quite like a good how-to book. One of the favourites on my bookshelf is a heavy hardback called The Complete Watercolour Artist. I love the reassuring promise of comprehensiveness, the straightforward noun-iness of the word ‘artist’. In a world of shifting meaning, of moral and ethical dilemmas, of dialectics and difference, of wordplay and double entendres (and French, for heaven’s sake), it is a breath of fresh air, a roll-up-your-sleeves-and-get-on-with-it guidebook.
But even if you don’t roll up your sleeves and reach for the paintbox, just reading about it — and looking at the pictures — is delight enough. The description of the tools is sufficient to set the pulse racing. The relative merits of different brushes — the best being, naturally, sable: “made from the tips of the tail hairs of the small rodent found chiefly in Siberia,” the author helpfully tells us. Lined up against its poorer cousins, the synthetic sable and “the kind of cheap brush sometimes provided in watercolour boxes” its inherent superiority is “self-evident”. And when you’ve finished painting, rinse the darling brush under running water and tenderly reshape “with fingers or lips.”
And then there are the papers — ‘hot-pressed’, ‘cold-pressed’ (also known as ‘not’ — as in ‘not hot-pressed’) and ‘rough’ — manufactured by what sound like ancient and noble families such as Bockingford, Fabriano, Saunders and Strathmore. Whilst not painting, I fantasise about swanning into Sanjay Stationers in Delhi’s Hauz Khas Market and demanding a ream of “not Green’s de Wint Rugged” or “Crispbrook Handmade” — phrases that seem incomplete without the addition of “my good man.”
And that’s before we’ve even got down to the naming of colours. An entire rainbow of greens — viridian, sap green, Hooker’s green, the chemical rush of greens created with cobalt, cadmium or pthalocyanide. And don’t get me started on madder rose, Payne’s grey, Alizarin crimson or Pozzuoli earth. It’s enough to make you salivate.
I suppose it’s a similar rush for people who love to look at cookery books. It’s not necessary to hurry to the kitchen and grab the meat tenderiser — the fantasy of doing is almost as good as the thing itself and, as any wannabe watercolour artist, Masterchef manqué or reader of cheap erotica knows, often considerably better.
One of the favourite books on my parents’ bookshelf of my childhood was a DIY manual. It had helpful, step-by-step illustrated sequences on all sorts of stuff: cleaning the filter of a carburetor, putting up a shelf, repointing a roof, draining a radiator. It was great. A bit thin on plot and character development, to be sure, but who doesn’t revel in the lilt and romance of technical terminology, the poetry of gasket and flange?
The how-to book is rapidly becoming an endangered species. Today, all you need is Google — and a little bit of YouTube. Which is sad, I think, because in books like these, over and above the practical knowledge that they impart, the important information about which bit of your car engine to pull out and which bit will have your finger off, there is an unexpected rush of sheer pleasure to be had in the driest, most practical tome.
And now to start painting… as soon as I have decided exactly what kind of palette I need. China? Metal? Ceramic? Plastic? Ah, choices, choices…
(Anita Roy is a writer and director of Young Zubaan)
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

GSK in China  doctors orders© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/cbf7e1de-3fdd-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Signs are clear: Modi is taking down the Nehru-Gandhi nameplateprint
From the time PM Narendra Modi’s government arrived, it has done what all of us do when we take over a house from another occupant: Change the signage.
Only, this is no ordinary change. It is not just about bringing down old photographs and nameplates and putting up a new set. It is far bigger in scale, far-reaching in ambition, profound in its desired result.
So far managing to keep the media noise low, the Modi government has set out to unfix the nuts, bolts, nails, dowels, hinges and fixings of the Nehru-Gandhi architecture.
It won’t be easy. The family has been in power for about 50 of India’s 67 years of Independence, the last 10 of which with Congress chief Sonia Gandhi as the real power centre watching over her party’s PM. This is excluding PV Narasimha Rao's days in office, on which the family had very limited influence.
After the BJP came to power in May, it had said it would review the use of Nehru-Gandhi family names in 650 schemes, projects and institutions.
From roads, parks, colleges, ports, airports, sanctuaries to stadiums and tournaments played therein and trophies distributed, perhaps no part of the country is untouched by these signs of what is variously explained as gratitude and servitude.
Of the many mysterious ways the family exercised and perpetuated its power over nearly seven decades, signage was the most visible but, paradoxically, the most subliminal. One encountered it almost at every turn of everyday life.
The Modi establishment wants to change that. One thought it would. It is predictable that a party which comes to power with a daunting majority would try to stamp its ideology in the names of institutions, rewrite a bit of much-rewritten history, and draw up a fresh pool of icons.
But interestingly — a reconfirmation that Modi places pragmatism over ideology — not all in this growing pool of revived icons are being drawn from the Hindutva pantheon.
Modi’s recent praise of Kerala Dalit leaders Mahatma Ayyankali and Narayana Guru foretells us that he will draw from a wider set of ideologies, consider caste and regional aspirations. It politically makes sense to do so, especially if the BJP wants to grow out of its Hindi belt stronghold and Brahmin-Bania image.
Rajiv Awas Yojna for slum development is going to be named after Jai Prakash Narayan, a socialist and India’s best known anti-corruption activist. In the Union Budget, finance minister Arun Jaitley spoke about setting up the Jai Prakash Narayan National Centre for Excellence in Humanities in Madhya Pradesh.
Modi has repeatedly spoken about the contribution of former Congress PM Lal Bahadur Shastri, even mentioned PV Narasimha Rao.
Vallabhbhai Patel and Vivekananda — neither fit the RSS mould — have been the PM’s enduring idols. His other favourite, Aurobindo Ghosh, icon of Hindu nationalism during the freedom struggle, also does not ideologically fit snugly in Golwalkar or Savarkar’s world.
But the Sangh’s mentors too have started finding a prominent place in NDA’s scheme of things.
The Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) will, for all practical purpose, be merged into the Syama Prasad Mukherji Rurban Mission which the government has announced. The urban development ministry has already scrapped the JNNURM.
This Budget also mentioned the Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya Teaching Programme, which is supposed to begin soon. Malaviya, a Hindu Mahasabha leader, founded the Benaras Hindu University.
Quietly but surely, the Gandhis are being edged out. The Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana has been changed to the Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana, while the Varishtha Pension Bima Yojana has the replaced the Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme.
Former PM Indira Gandhi’s name has also been dropped from the Indira Vikas Patra. We now have the Kisan Vikas Patra.
Hyderabad’s Rajiv Gandhi Airport is likely to be named after former Andhra Pradesh CM NT Rama Rao.
The churning of icons which started with Modi’s campaign last year will go on as long as this government is in power. What kind of signage emerges in the next five or ten years is difficult to foresee, but it is surely not going to be an ovation to the Nehru-Gandhi family legacy.

Go on  give it all awayTweet
Gajus/shutterstock.com
The global trend of the wealthy to donate to charity and leave little for their children is catching up in India
Berkshire Hathaway Chairman Warren Buffett isn’t going to leave any money to his children in his last will and testament. Neither is eBbay founder Pierre Omidyar. Nor are New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, celebrity chef Nigella Lawson and rockstar Gene Simmons. Action movie star Jackie Chan has also said he’s not going to do it.
Instead, these business tycoons and celebrities intend to donate 100 per cent of their wealth to charitable causes when they turn up their toes. In fact, media mogul Ted Turner — a signatory to The Giving Pledge popularised by Bill Gates — has stated that he wants to just have enough money at the time of his death to cover his funeral expenses.
It’s a trend that you never thought would catch on in India. Why should it, in a setting where generations of a family stay under one roof?
But the ball seems to have started rolling when one wealthy Indian signed The Giving Pledge to bequeath at least half of his wealth to charity last year. Wipro Chairman Azim Premji has indicated that he would donate the bulk of his $16-billion fortune when he is no more. “I was deeply influenced by Gandhiji's notion of holding one's wealth in trusteeship, to be used for the betterment of society and not as if one owned it,” Premji reportedly wrote in his letter to the Giving Pledge foundation.
He’s already made quite a start to his philanthropic pursuit, having donated an estimated $4.4 billion to charity — including a 12.5 per cent stake in Wipro — placing him firmly in the ranks of the world’s top five givers. That’s even more than what the world’s second richest man, Carlos Slym Helu — with a personal fortune that’s nearly five times the size of Premji’s — has donated thus far.
Inspiring others
His action has inspired others: His friend and Biocon Chairperson Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw has declared that she would like to donate 75 per cent of her wealth to charity when she passes on. PNC Menon, the Dubai-based promoter of real-estate firm Sobha Developers said he will donate almost half of his $600-million fortune , asserting, “After a certain point in time, money cannot make a difference”.
Subsequently, in December 2013, Romesh Wadhwani, the Founder Chairman and CEO of Symphony Technology Group, signed The Giving Pledge, committing to give over 80 per cent of his $2-billion fortune. And Rohini Nilekani, Infosys co-founder, Nandan Nilekani’s wife, has indicated that the couple has considered signing up.
While pledging half their wealth to charity is a commendable act, it isn’t quite the same as pledging everything and the kitchen sink, leaving your children with nothing.
“With most Indian families, the majority of wealth is transferred to their family members only. This could be tradition-driven or because there are no tax incentives as in the case of some Western countries where charity to some extent is exempted from inheritance tax,” says Neeraj Aggarwal, Assistant Vice-President, Family Office Services at IL&FS Trust Company. “In every case, it’s not all the wealth. We just cannot take America as an example,” says IAS Balamurugan, Co-Founder and Director, Metis Family Office Services.
“Indian families bequeathing their considerable wealth to charity are limited to professionals/entrepreneurs who have built substantial wealth in their lifetimes. Many such families are global Indian ones with exposure to philanthropy in the west. The trend is increasing but still insignificant,” says Aggarwal.
But the premise that Indians aren’t as generous as their foreign counterparts doesn’t quite ring true. It may be argued that Indian billionaires are not really big on publicising their charitable activities, preferring to let their donations do the talking.
“Except in the case of families with no children, the percentage of donation to total wealth is very low… We are of late seeing some change in mindset, especially across wealthy professionals who believe that their next generation should earn their own wealth,” says Aggarwal.
“Beyond a point, wealth doesn’t change your lifestyle,” says Balamurugan.
In the Indian context, big, family-run businesses are passed down through generations and might have even been set up with ancestral wealth. There isn’t much willingness or even scope to part with them.
No proper channel
But one reason for the perceived resistance to such charitable acts in India is the fact that the channels for giving are fewer. There are also worries about corruption, that the money they donate could just end up in the pockets of a few racketeers.
Instead, businessmen like Premji, HCL’s Shiv Nadar and Bharti Airtel’s Sunil Bharti Mittal prefer to start their own foundations or trusts to channelise their money.
“There are three sets of people. The first “I want to donate, I don’t have time”. The second “I want to give money and I know what purpose”.
The third “I want to give money, I know what purpose and I know which place”. In all three, the biggest challenge is finding the right people to give money,” says Balamurugan.
No financial security
What’s the reason cited by the global wealthy for not leaving any money to their children?
Well, in the case of celebrities like Chan, Lawson and Simmons, it’s their belief that their children would be spoilt to the point of ruin if they don’t have to earn their money. “I am determined that my children should have no financial security,” Lawson has stated.
“If he is capable, he can make his own money. If not, then he will just be wasting my money,” Chan told Channel NewsAsia.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Corridors of power: Narendra Modis time starts nowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mangalyaan engine test-fire successful  all set for Mars nowComments
With  less than 48 hours left before the spacecraft enters Mars’ orbit, scientists of the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) have successfully test-fired its liquid engine.
Before the test-firing, Annadurai, programme director at Isro, told Hindustan Times: “The test firing is like a trial. The dormant engine has to be brought back to life. It is a challenge but if one is prepared well for the exam, the confidence for success is higher.”
The nail-biting prelim was carried out at 2:30pm when the craft’s 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor engine, which has been idle for 300 days, was fired up for four seconds. The fourth and final trajectory corrections were also made.
“The engine will be fired for nearly 4 seconds and almost half a kg of fuel will be needed for this operation,” says Koteshwar Rao, scientific secretary, Isro before the test-firing
On September 24 it will be put in action along with eight thrusters to slow down Mangalyaan so it can be injected into a safe orbit around the Red Planet.
Isro launched the Mangalyaan on November 5 to find evidence of life on Mars. If the spacecraft makes it, India will be the fourth after US, Russia and Europe to reach the Red planet. Once in orbit, the craft’s five payloads will take pictures and collect data for the next six months.
Probes to Mars have a high failure rate. Of the 51 missions so far, only 21 have succeeded. A similar mission by China failed in 2011.

Service taxes set to get a big infrastructure bumpE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

GSK picks good day to report bribery fineGSK picks good day to announce Chinese bribery fine
By Brooke Masters, Companies editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e72db2c0-3f39-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

An enterprising slumAn enterprising slum
Sep 23, 2014
Many of the residents of Dharavi, Asia’s largest slum that is spread over 430 acres, are self-employed. With a population of about 6 lakhs, living conditions in the slum are abominable.
Enterprising residents, among others, eke out a living by making earthen pots/lamps, stitching leather jackets and recycling plastic. Some of the tiny units in Dharavi even export leather and garment products.
Redevelopment of slum, which is believed to have come up a several decades back, has been progressing for the last few years. But, no concrete action was seen until now.
BL brings you a photographic kaleidoscope of the tiny and small scale units as well as the residents in action. – Photos: Shashi Ashiwal
Latest slideshows in this section

BJP  Sena patch up  agree on seat-sharingBJP, Sena patch up, agree on seat-sharing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Friends again: As the Shiv Sena and BJP settle their differences, election material is out for sale in Mumbai on Tuesday. VIVEK BENDRE
Shiv Sena gets 151 seats and the BJP 130; it’s the smaller allies that take the cut
Mumbai, September 23:  
With the deadline for filing nomination papers coming to an end in four days, the BJP and the Shiv Sena appear to have hammered out a last minute seat-sharing formula for the Assembly elections in Maharashtra.
On Tuesday morning, it was decided at a joint meeting of the two parties that the BJP will contest 130 seats.
The Shiv Sena will keep 151 seats and the balance seven seats will be split between the four smaller alliance partners.
The smaller parties are the Republican Party of India (A) led by Ramdas Athawale, farmer leader Raju Shetty’s Swabhiman Shetkari Sanghatana, Shiv Sangram of Vinayak Mete and Mahadeo Jankar’s Rashtriya Samaj Party.
In the 2009 Assembly election, the Shiv Sena fought on 169 seats, while the BJP contested 119.
Addressing the media at an impromptu press conference, senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde said both the parties were keen to keep the 25-year-old alliance intact. A mutually acceptable formula has been worked out for the BJP and the Shiv Sena, and various proposals are being worked out for smaller allies, he said.
He added that talks with smaller allies are underway and that they are likely to conclude late evening.
Key meeting
To resolve the deadlock, Sena leaders, led by party spokesperson Sanjay Raut, senior leaders Subash Desai, Anil Desai and Sanjay Narwekar, met with State BJP leaders and BJP-in-charge of Maharashtra polls, OP Mathur.
On Sunday morning, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray had offered a final proposal of 119 seats to the BJP, keeping 151 seats for his own party. Smaller alliance partners had been offered 18 seats.
In the last three days, a number of attempts were made to persuade the Sena to climb down from its position of 151 seats, but the party leadership was not willing to compromise.
As a result, the BJP was left with no choice but to claim an additional 11 seats from the quota of 18 seats that had reserved for the smaller allies.
A senior party BJP leader told BusinessLine that both the parties had a backup plan in the event of the crucial alliance (BJP-Shiv Sena) failing to materialise.
But it could have led to splitting of votes and the BJP missing the chance of forming a government in Maharashtra for at least another 10 years.
“In the BJP, nobody wants to miss the Modi wave,” the leader said.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Rupee falls to 1-week low of 60.94 vs USD as stocks dropComments
The Indian rupee on Tuesday depreciated by 12 paise to close at one-week low of 60.94 against the Greenback on month-end dollar demand from importers and steep fall in local equities.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.93 a dollar from previous close of 60.82.
It was trapped in a narrow breadth of 60.8675 and 61.0050 before concluding at 60.94, logging a fall of 12 paise or 0.20%.
Tuesday's closing level is the rupee's weakest level in a week as it had closed at 61.05 on September 16.
Dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, to meet their month-end requirements weighed on the rupee.
"The Indian rupee was influenced by state-run banks' dollar-purchases on behalf of oil importers. Local markets await the RBI's monetary policy review on September 30," said Suresh Nair, director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.
Weak factory employment numbers in China and private sector data showing slowdown in Eurozone growth this month led the Sensex and Nifty to register biggest fall in 2-1/2-months.
This drop had a sentimental impact on the rupee value.
FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth USD 11.37 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.30%.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: "The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.60 to 61.40."

Nokia CEO urges Modi Govt to resolve tax disputeNokia CEO urges Modi Govt to resolve tax dispute
Thomas K Thomas
Nokia’s President and Chief Executive Officer Rajeev Suri
Finnish company wants to sell Chennai plant
New Delhi, September 23:  
Nokia Corporation has urged the Narendra Modi Government to quickly resolve the pending tax issue so that it can sell the mobile manufacturing unit in Chennai.
Nokia’s President and Chief Executive Officer Rajeev Suri said that the company did not need the factory as it was no longer in the mobile phone business post the deal with Microsoft.
“We would like to sell it so India has an opportunity to have a strong mobile manufacturing ecosystem in place.
“Currently, however, we can’t do so as the factory has become entangled in a tax dispute — despite the fact that we have offered to put all the proceeds of a sale into an escrow account until the tax issue is resolved,” Suri said in an e-mail interview to BusinessLine. Nokia could not include the Chennai factory in the sale deal with Microsoft after the tax authorities slapped a notice for alleged violation of withholding tax norms since 2006.
The Finnish company had said that it would continue to run the factory as a contract manufacturing unit.
But since then production has been partially shifted to other countries such as Vietnam, raising doubts over the fate of the 30,000 workers at the Chennai plant. Suri, who was appointed chief of Nokia Corporation in May, said that though the new Government did not create this situation, it is in its power to resolve the issue.
“A tax policy that does not include retroactive changes and that treats software sales in a way consistent with international norms would also be a very positive step,” Suri added.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Gujarat sales tax case: SC gives six months time to Essar OilE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mars Orbiter Mission: Chronology of eventsBangalore, Sept 24:  
India today successfully placed its Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) in the Red Planet’s orbit.
Following is the chronology of events that traces the journey of Mangalyaan which lasted over 300 days:
Nov 5, 2013: ISRO’s PSLV C25 launches India’s Mars Orbiter Mission from Sriharikota, Andhra Pradesh.
Nov 7: First Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
Nov 8: Second Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
Nov 9: Third Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
Nov 11: Fourth Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
Nov 12: Fifth Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
Nov 16: Sixth Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
Dec 1: MOM leaves Earth’s orbit, Trans-Mars Injection performed.
Dec 4: MOM leaves Earth’s Sphere of Influence of 9.25 lakh km radius.
Dec 11: First course correction manoeuvre performed on the spacecraft.
Jun 11, 2014: Second course correction manoeuvre executed.
Sep 22: MOM enters Mars’ Gravitational Sphere of Influence; 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor test-fired after over 300 days of dormancy; last trajectory correction manoeuvre performed.
Sep 24: MOM reaches the intended orbit around Mars, making India the first country in the world to have successfully launched its mission to the Red Planet on the very first attempt.
Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around.

Asus announces special festive offer for Fonepad 7 Dual SimE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM inaugurates integrated food park at Tumkur in KarnatakaWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

The big fat confusion on the Sino-India borderPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Chinese President Xi Jinping at the Sabarmati Ashram. (PIB website)
It was a quaint and yet bizarre image. Two men – rather, two heads of emerging Asian powers, India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi (pronounced ‘shee’ or ‘zee’, not ‘eleven ’) Jinping – sat on a golden swing in Gujarat. An almost romantic gesture captured by the national media, possibly an attempt to signal that all was well between the Dragon and the Elephant despite the mistrust that has dominated India-China relations for the better part of 50 years.
Ironically, news tickers running furiously below these images told a very different story. Far removed from the overt display of bonhomie, in the cold of eastern Ladakh’s Chumar sector, close to a thousand People’s Liberation Army (PLA) troops had crossed into what India considers its territory and found themselves face-to-face with an equal number of Indian troops.
As the high-altitude tension mounted, what followed was the usual media blitz of outrage, shock, jingoistic arguments and rhetorical questions. As the incursion debate looked to derail what was otherwise a very meaningful visit, many let slip a subtle, yet key statement made by President Xi: “Due to non-demarcation of the border, certain incidents take place, but both countries have mechanisms to handle such incidents.”Only five days on from the swing-sharing with Modi, Xi asked the PLA to be combat-ready to win a “regional war”.
The key lies in the words ‘non-demarcated border’. The crux of the conflict over Aksai Chin – a flatland measuring 37,000sq km in eastern Jammu and Kashmir – and another 96,000sq km of Arunachal Pradesh boils down to a saga of missed opportunities and differing perceptions of history, borders and Lines of Actual Control (LAC).
The historical context to Aksai Chin
Following the disastrous massacre in 1842 of Elphinstone’s Army in the First Anglo-Afghan War, the British decided to use political agents – glorified explorers with British patronage – instead of military ones to keep the British ahead of Russia in the ‘ Great Game ’. This system led to the first-ever claim to Aksai Chin from 'India' in 1863 by a British-Indian explorer, WH Johnson, who claimed the territory for the Maharaja of Kashmir as part of a survey to map British India's borders. His claims were later rubbished and his maps were redrawn, but in an area that had never had jurisdictional boundaries or administrative authorities, the British still assigned a huge area to the Maharaja, including 20,000sq km of a river basin in Ladakh.
In 1949, China invaded Tibet – which caught India off guard – and set its sights on this part of Ladakh. China’s priority was to consolidate their hold on Tibet and Xinjiang, a Muslim-dominated province to the west. For that, they needed connectivity and set about building a road connecting Tibet to Xinjiang through Aksai Chin.
As for the India-China border further east, the British, looking to establish Tibet as a buffer between India and China, called for a tripartite meeting at Shimla in 1914. The idea was to establish Tibet's border with China, but on the sidelines, the British opted to settle Tibet’s border with India as well. Sir Henry McMahon, a British diplomat, is said to have used a thick pen to draw a line on a map. Arbitrary as the new border was, it was never accepted by the Chinese leadership.
Once China annexed Tibet, it began to lay claim to Tawang, which had been an off-and-on province of Tibet. Overnight, a docile, friendly neighbor with whom trade and tradition flowed (creating a lax attitude to border fortification) was replaced by a militarily aggressive and hostile China.
When India won independence from Britain in 1947, it inherited a 3,000km undecided boundary with China. According to War In High Himalayas by DK Palit, who had served in the 1962 war, India decided on its own that the farthest boundaries the British had put forward were final, instead of discussing them with China first. Perhaps India hoped that with time their claims would be accepted, so there was no effort to jointly survey the borders, delineate them and set up agreed-upon border pillars, as is the norm.
A problem of semantics
What Indian leaders missed was the context. These lines were drawn on maps by a colonial power in its ascendency at a time when China was ravaged by opium wars and colonialism. In fact, the British never exchanged the maps with the Chinese. Post the Kuomintang and Mao’s subsequent Red Revolution , China was a different country – aggressive and nationalist, while India was still coming to terms with Independence.
Though Nehru supported the idea of ‘One China’, it didn’t help that India provided asylum to the fleeing Dalai Lama in 1959 and allowed space for the Tibetan government in exile to function. That India also helped the CIA propagate ethnic rebellion in the 1950s, where they air-dropped US trained Tibetan guerrillas into China, didn’t help the idea of ‘Hindi-Chini Bhai Bhai’.
This, among various mitigating factors, resulted in the rout of 1962, following which Chinese troops did not withdraw completely from Aksai Chin.
To safeguard their interests they set up their LAC east of the Xinjiang-Tibet Highway, occupying 38,000 sq km of Ladakh India claimed as her territory. However, even after 1962, both countries did not agree upon the LAC (which is the actual on-ground positioning of troops).
What makes matter more confusing is that there are also differing views on area patrolling, which leads to several incursions annually. But this largely has to do with perception: what one side views as a patrol along their LAC, the other views as a violation and vice versa. Until there is a political resolution, an agreement on where the LAC stands or who controls what territory, the Indian military will remain sequestered in the high mountains and incursions will continue.
‘Confucius says’: China’s thinking
What has set alarm bells ringing in Delhi is Xi’s statement upon his return to China (by this time PLA troops had established seven tents within “Indian territory”) that the PLA must have absolute faith in the Communist Party of China (CPC) and must be ready to win a regional war. Given that India is China’s only regional threat, it seems that the bonhomie was short-lived.
It has been suggested that the pattern of PLA incursions during or just before high-profile visits reflects a disconnect between Chinese civilian and military leadership, but China’s structure doesn’t allow for this. The PLA is not a national army – it is the army of the Party, and hence is loyal to the Party.
A March 2013 US Congressional Research Service report , ‘Understanding China’s Political System’, points out that Xi Jinping is not only the President but the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) as well as the chairman of the Central Military Commission, which controls the PLA. The report breaks down how the party has absolute leadership of the PLA and through the General Political Department (GPD) is responsible for their political training, postings and promotions of the PLA. GPD political commissars serve alongside military commanders at all levels of the PLA. The Chinese are wary of depoliticizing the PLA – they feel that was what led to the collapse of the Soviet Union. Therefore, it is hard to believe that the PLA acted without the knowledge of Xi Jinping.
Then why the incursions? For this there is a gamut of reasons.
Influenced by the Singapore model of state-run capitalism, Deng Xiaoping – once Chairman of the Central Advisory Committee, and who famously said, “It doesn’t matter if it’s a white cat or a black cat, a cat that catches mice is a good cat” – opened up China economically towards the 1990s. As the number of educated middle class people in China grew, like in America, China needed a system to control (or distract) the masses and they opted for the opiate of nationalism.
Today, China is ultra-nationalist, so much so that when the Chinese tried to assure other countries that it did not claim the entire South China Sea, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs received calcium pills from the public, alluding to their weak spine. Hence it is difficult for China to backtrack from their demand on Aksai Chin and Arunachal Pradesh.
This show of aggression is not without benefit: in what Brahma Chellaney of the Center for Policy Research calls their ‘salami-slice’ strategy, the Chinese have been able to slowly acquire tracts of land they did not previously control through small maneuvers that do not cause alarm. In fact, as JNU professor Srikanth Kondapalli told Business Insider India, five years ago, the site in Chumur where the Chinese are building the disputed road was squarely considered Indian territory.
Fundamentally, two reasons stand out. First, there exists an underlying dislike for India and her soft approach. As Pankaj Mishra explains in his book From the Ruins of Empire, “India, in particular, was a horror story about a ‘lost country’ that had failed miserably in the international struggle: ‘small capitalists’ from Britain had taken over an entire continent by training Indians to be soldiers … the country’s neighbors were so vastly inferior that the Chinese people had felt themselves to be the whole world.” Mishra goes on to quote Liang, a Chinese philosopher, who stated “In the world there is only power – there is no other force. That the strong always rule the weak is in truth the first universal rule of nature.”
This is an approach adopted by present-day China. “Any settlement of a land dispute has always been preceded by conflict. China acts looks to settle disputes only when they feel that the advantage is with them,” says a senior military official in Delhi.
Secondly, by keeping the border issue alive, China is able to destabilize India. Though China is decades ahead of India in terms of economy and infrastructure, both countries are vying for the same resources globally.
The move to set up tents or deploy troops is calculated, and China fully understands India’s pattern of response. The troops move, the Indian Army asks the Center for direction, the Center usually waits, the media goes into a frenzy and the population question India’s leadership – minimum cost, maximum chaos.
The not-so-obvious agenda is that of Tibet. From conversations I’ve had with observers of China, military intelligence personnel and Tibetan refugees in Nepal, I’ve learned that many are concerned about which direction the Tibetan movement will take if His Holiness the Dalai Lama were to die – some feel that the self-immolations in Tibet point to a possible violent surge. By keeping their claim to Arunachal alive, they keep open the option to act against the Tawang monastery, the most powerful monastery outside Tibet.
India in a Bind
While it must be said that the government of the day has handled the border issue quite well – deployed troops in equal number at Chumar and Sushma Swaraj’s statement on a ‘One India Policy’ vis-à-vis a ‘One China Policy’, a lasting solution seems to difficult to reach.
“The offer of a land swap, Chinese-controlled Aksai Chin for Indian-administered Arunachal, was first made in 1957 by the then Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai and repeated in 1980 by Deng Xiaoping,” Kondapalli explained to me in a previous interview. On both occasions, India declined the offer and did not accept the Chinese territorial claim.
“How do you expect the India side to agree to pass a Bill in the face of the 1962 ‘every inch of land’ Parliament resolution?” the former Ambassador TCA Rangachari, who has also served in China, once asked me. “If the Chinese were to come tomorrow with an offer, is India in a position to sign on that piece of paper? And if they do sign, what is its worth if it cannot go through Parliament with a two-thirds majority [altering of India’s landmass require a Constitutional Amendment through a two-thirds majority vote]? They have their problems, we have ours,” he added.
Land is an emotional issue, and while Arunachal Pradesh is seen as inseparable from India, for the last 50-odd years, India has been fighting to recapture borders – now controlled by another country – that were handed down by a colonial power that never actually administered the area. The irony is that even if tomorrow China floated a proposal to accept the status quo, no political party in India would be able to get a two-thirds majority, nor would they be willing to take the perceived risk of ‘giving up land’ – even if it was land that India never controlled in the first place.
Avalok Langer is a freelance journalist and filmmaker and has spend much of his time travelling and writing on India’s neighbors to the east, with a focus on the multiple conflicts in India’s Northeast.
Recommend

Microsoft phones with Opera browser from early next yearMicrosoft phones with Opera browser from early next year
K V Kurmanath
Sunil Kamath (left), Vice-President ( South Asia), Opera Software, and Murali Retineni, Executive Director, Celkon, launching the Campus Nova A352E Android smartphone with pre-installed Opera Mini, in Hyderabad on Wednesday. Photo: P V Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Sept 24:  
Microsoft is likely to roll out phones with Opera browser from early next year. The IT giant, which bought the phone maker Nokia, had entered into an agreement with the Oslo-based browser firm to make it a default browser on its phones.
Though the deal was signed recently, it would take some time before it comes up with the phones with Opera browser. “We expect that to happen from early next year,” Sunil Kamath, Vice-President for South Asia, Opera Software, said.
Addressing a press conference here on Wednesday, he said the Opera browswer was gaining ground in India. “We have tied with 16 Indian phone makers and our browser comes embedded in their phones,” he said.
He was here to announce a tie-up with Celkon Mobiles, a Hyderabad-based phone maker.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

TN Govt s infra drive can help improve order book of construction cosTN Govt's infra drive can help improve order book of construction cos
Bhavana Acharya
Tweet
September 24, 2014:  
Construction companies could see improvement in their order inflows in the coming months. The Tamil Nadu Government, on an infrastructure development drive, approved the project structure of the Madurai-Tuticorin industrial corridor. This project envisages a spend of Rs 1.83 lakh crore covering 29 different projects.
Apart from manufacturing and industrial hubs, the project also includes a thermal power plant and a greenfield port, which bodes well for the order book of several construction and infrastructure players.
Who benefits
CCCL, RPP Infraprojects, NCC, IVRCL, Simplex Infra, and Simplex Projects, all undertake industrial and building projects. Those such as CCCL and RPP Infra also have already executed projects in the southern region. Besides, companies such as GMR Infra are moving in on the scope offered through industrial corridors to plump up their order book.
Of course, funding is the key factor, with most of these companies already operating on wafer-thin interest cover ratio of less than two times. To address the funding problem, a Tamil Nadu infrastructure fund management company will be established, which can roll out investment vehicles such as infrastructure development funds.
Water projects
This industrial corridor apart, two water desalination projects are planned on a design-build-operate basis in Perur and Nemmeli, which can benefit those such as Va Tech Wabag. Its global parentage and experience in handling a few ongoing desalination projects abroad will come in handy. Besides, it has already successfully executed one desal project in Nemmeli, and is involved with the O&M of the project currently.
IVRCL is another potential beneficiary for desal plants; it has set up and operated desalination plant, though the project is on the sale block to improve IVRCL’s cash flows.
Stocks of construction companies are, however, down by 1 to 3 per cent in trade so far. VA Tech Wabag is the sole gainer, up 2.1 per cent.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

New Moto X priced at Rs 31 999  sales star on Flipkart from midnightMotorola starts selling new Moto X on Flipkart from midnight, price starts at Rs 31,999
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 13:41  IST
Sep 24 2014, 13:41  IST
 

Prepare for the Russian counterattackSeptember 24, 2014 10:01 am
After the sanctions, prepare for the Russian counterattack
By Juan Zarate
Moscow’s entanglements allow it to exact a price of its own, writes Juan Zarate
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/784a1db2-3f5c-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blackrock Increases Stake in Nokia by Over 5%You are here: Home Corporates
Blackrock Increases Stake in Nokia Corp by Over 5%
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 16:01 (IST)
New York: Global asset management giant Blackrock has increased its stake in Nokia by over 5 per cent.
US-based Blackrock Inc is the world's largest asset manager with over $4 trillion in assets under management.
In a statement, Nokia Corporation said: "The holdings of BlackRock Inc in Nokia have exceeded 5 per cent of the share capital and voting rights of Nokia."
On September 22, 2014, BlackRock holdings in Nokia, through its controlled undertakings, comprising of both shares and convertible bonds issued by Nokia, amounted to a total of 188,139,957 shares, corresponding to about 5.02 per cent of the total number of shares and voting rights of Nokia, it added.
The total holdings of Blackrock include 179,656,351 Nokia shares, corresponding to around 4.80 per cent of the total number of shares and voting rights of Nokia.
Besides, convertible bonds issued by Nokia that would, upon conversion based on the current conversion price result to a holding of 8,483,606 shares, corresponding to about 0.23 per cent of the current total number of shares and voting rights of Nokia.
The maturity date of the convertible bonds is October 26, 2017, Nokia said.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 15:59 (IST)

Microsoft to Train 1 Mn Women Under Tech InitiativeYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft to Train 1 Million Women Under Tech Initiative
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 17:00 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Software giant Microsoft, under its initiative to bring more women into the Indian IT industry, along with partners will train and mentor 1 million women in the next 12 months.
Microsoft India on Wednesday launched its 'Women in Tech' initiative, which aims to double the number of women IT professionals in India from the present one million in the next few years.
The initiative will include girl school students, young women students in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths) colleges, women IT professionals and entrepreneurs.
Women in Tech is designed to help aspiring IT professionals, by associating with them from the time they are in high school till they take up a IT job or start their own IT venture.
"We are incredibly excited to start this initiative. Our focus is to help girls take up IT as a career and also encourage more women to turn tech entrepreneurs," Microsoft India chief evangelist Joseph Landes told PTI.
Through the course of the next year, Microsoft will provide one million women access to awareness sessions, training and certification programmes and mentoring sessions, he added.
"Besides, Microsoft Ventures will mentor 30 women-led start-up companies and support them in building connections with the broader start-up community in India," Mr Landes said.
Microsoft India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said: "Today, Indian IT industry has about one million women. Our initiative aims to double that number in the next few years."
Under the initiative, Microsoft will engage with 750,000 women in STEM courses in the next 12 months and will also train 250,000 women IT professionals.
Besides, the programme will look towards building local communities for girls and women to meet, network and learn from each other by sharing ideas and learning across the board.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 16:57 (IST)

Apex court scraps 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993Apex court scraps 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993
Agencies
Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 coal blocks alloted since 1993 and granted six months breathing time to companies whose blocks were cancelled to wind up business.
NEW DELHI, Sept 24:  
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crores were invested.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, saved only four blocks — one belonging to NTPC and SAIL each and two allocated to Ultra Mega Power Projects — from being cancelled.
The bench, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, granted six months breathing time to mining companies to wind up their operations in the coal blocks.
The bench also directed the companies, which were allocated coal blocks but had not operationalised them, to pay a compensation to the government for the loss of exchequer. It accepted the findings of the CAG which came to the conclusion that the loss of Rs 295 per tonne was caused due to the non-operation of the mines.
The apex court also noticed the stand taken by the NDA government that it is “fully prepared to face socio-economic impact” if the coal block allocations were cancelled.
During the earlier hearing in the case, the UPA govt had opposed cancellation of coal blocks allocation saying that around Rs 2 lakh crore had been invested by various companies after blocks were alloted to them.
The apex court had on August 25 held that all coal blocks allocation since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
The apex court, which had used almost all terms to condemn the procedures adopted by 36 screening committee meetings since 1993, however, had stopped short of cancelling them saying, “what should be the consequences, is the issue which remains to be tackled.”
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Sensex bracing to do a Mangalyaan  touch one lakh by 2020‘Sensex bracing to do a Mangalyaan, touch one lakh by 2020’
Vinson Kurian
The Sensex is poised for a bull phase that could see it cross the 1,00,000-target by 2020.
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 24:  
The Sensex has launched itself for a bull phase extending over the next five-to-10 years and could do a Mangalyaan in ‘pushing the beyond’ to cross the 1,00,000-target.
This could happen as early as 2020, according to Rajendran V, Managing Director of the city-based stock brokers Capstocks and Securities.
DECENT GROWTH
Explaining his logic, he said Sensex companies have managed to post decent earnings growth in 2013-14 despite muted GDP growth of 4.7 per cent.
During this financial year, the Sensex EPS (combined earnings of 30 companies in the Sensex) was 1,340, a growth of 12 per cent over that of the previous year.
“With a pro-reform and stable Government at the Centre and early signs of the economy bottoming out, it is logical to assume 15 per cent earnings growth in Sensex stocks during 2014-15.”
This would fire up Sensex earnings to 1,540 this year. Historically, Indian markets have traded between a P/E of 13 and 28.
“Currently, the Sensex is trading at a P/E of around 19. An estimated earnings growth of 15 per cent and the current P/E of 19 will itself take the Sensex to 30,000 by March 2015,” Rajendran says.
BEING RE-RATED
Concurrently Indian markets are also undergoing a re-rating in valuations since foreign investors are ready to buy Indian stocks at higher valuations on expectations of higher economic growth.
“Once the results of reforms being implemented become known in the coming quarters, investors will definitely be ready to give higher P/E valuations.
“Even at a conservative P/E of 21, the Sensex can touch 32,300 by March 2015,” Rajendran says.
The pace of Sensex earnings growth would accelerate further next year and an estimated 20 per cent growth for 2015-16 will take the index earning to 1,850.
This would translate to a Sensex target of around 40,000 by March 2016.
“If we extrapolate Sensex earnings further with higher growth rates of 25 per cent and a P/E of 21, the Sensex will touch 50,000 by March 2017 and 1,00,000 by March 2020.”
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

IDBI Bank has near $328 mn exposure to cos affected by coal rulingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fruit and veggies may ward off the blues: studyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Will the Supreme Courts verdict on coal block cancellation usher in more transparencywill the supreme courts verdict on coal block cancellation usher in more transparency
Previous Poll | Can BJP win the Maharashtra polls without the Shiv Senaprevious poll | can bjp win the maharashtra polls without the shiv sena
Accenture Forecast Disappoints  Shares SlipYou are here: Home Corporates
Accenture Quarterly Revenue Rises 9.7%
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 17:05 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Consulting and outsourcing company Accenture Plc reported a 9.7 percent rise in quarterly net revenue, helped mainly by new consulting contracts.
The company's net income rose to $760.2 million, or $1.08 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Aug. 31 from $727.3 million, or $1.01 per share, a year earlier.
Net revenue rose to $7.78 billion from $7.09 billion. Consulting revenue rose 5.6 percent to $4.02 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Selling possible if Nifty remains below 805024 September 2014
Wednesday
Volatile markets respond to coal mines judgment; Index closes below 8050 for second consecutive day; selling possible if Nifty remains below 8050
Trading Range Breaks down in Bank Nifty and prices closed lower. A follow through on downside may be able to confirm this breakdown. CNX IT may form a trading range inside10900 – 11200.
We have SILVER MINI in METAL SECTION. Trend is down. Prices are now trading near its last swing low. We have POWER in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidation at the bottom and at the verge of breakout. This breakout may give us a buying opportunity in POWER Stocks. Stock in focus includes COALINDIA, DABUR, DIVISLAB and KTKBANK. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPY INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Selling possible if Nifty remains below 8050: Sukhani24 September 2014
Wednesday
Volatile markets respond to coal mines judgment; Index closes below 8050 for second consecutive day; selling possible if Nifty remains below 8050
Trading Range Breaks down in Bank Nifty and prices closed lower. A follow through on downside may be able to confirm this breakdown. CNX IT may form a trading range inside10900 – 11200.
We have SILVER MINI in METAL SECTION. Trend is down. Prices are now trading near its last swing low. We have POWER in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidation at the bottom and at the verge of breakout. This breakout may give us a buying opportunity in POWER Stocks. Stock in focus includes COALINDIA, DABUR, DIVISLAB and KTKBANK. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPY INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Podcast: What investers can expect from bullish market trendsYou can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

ICICI Bank launches account for kids above 10 yearsICICI Bank launches account for kids above 10 years
Beena Parmar
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
ICICI Bank, the country's largest private sector bank, has launched an account for minors above 10 years.
"The account, which will be opened in the name of the minor, will offer a personalised cheque book and a debit card with a picture his or her choice,” the bank said in a statement.
Minors will be able to undertake various banking transactions, including issuing cheques, paying bills, recharge mobile phones, open fixed deposits and recurring deposits, among others.
They will also have access to banking channels such as ATM, mobile and Internet banking.
“We are pleased to offer the ‘Smart Star’ account, which allows minors to operate their accounts independently. This will help to inculcate a habit of saving and responsibility of spending wisely,” said Rajiv Sabharwal, Executive Director of ICICI Bank.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Comcast accuses Discovery of extortionate demandsComcast accuses Discovery of ‘extortionate demands’
By Matthew Garrahan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/44a4ad6a-43e9-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Market Wrap: FIIs net sellers  DIIs buyers; Jindal Steel  PNB major losers  says Alex MathewsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gujarat to be  open-defecation free  in two yearsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India over the moon after Mars satellite successIndia over the moon after Mars satellite success
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4cbbe7b2-43ac-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Imran Khan allowed to hold rally on SundayKhan along with fiery cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri's has been agitating outside the parliament building in Islamabad since August 14.
Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: September 24, 2014 10:09 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 10:16 pm
Pakistan’s Punjab government on Wednesday allowed Opposition leader Imran Khan to organise a rally of his party here on Sunday.
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) will not be refrained from holding a public gathering at Minar-e-Pakistan in Lahore after the party submitted an application to the district coordination officer seeking permission, Geo news quoted Punjab’s provincial Law Minister Rana Mashhood as saying.
PTI Chief and cricketer-turned-politician Khan had last Sunday held an anti-government protest rally in Karachi to renew his demand for Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to quit and fresh elections to end Pakistan’s political logjam that has paralysed the nation for over a month.
Khan along with fiery cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri’s Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) has been agitating outside the parliament building in Islamabad since August 14, demanding Sharif’s ouster.

Existing developer should get first right of refusal: ParakhOperators should be allowed to participate in open bidding
New Delhi, September 24:  
PC Parakh, former Coal Secretary, had said it all in his book Crusader or Conspirator? Coalgate and Other Truths. Today, Parakh stands vindicated as his proposal for an open bidding mechanism is being widely endorsed.
“I feel satisfied with the verdict which is equitable and fair to everyone,” is Parakh’s first reaction after the Supreme Court decision on coal blocks allocation.
Parakh had earlier told BusinessLine, “Had it not been for me proposing open bidding for coal blocks, the Government auditor would not have initiated work, and no one would have known how the blocks were allotted.”
Speaking to BusinessLine from Chennai after the verdict, he said, “The Government will now have to take quick decisions to ensure smooth supplies.”
Fool-proof system
When asked whether six months was enough for the Government to put in place a fool-proof system for coal block auctions, Parakh said, “The Government has been saying that it is ready, but the task may not be easy.”
Parakh said that in his view, the developers who have already spent money on blocks and are producing, but today stand to lose following the verdict, should get the first right of refusal. “These operators should be allowed to participate in the open bidding and if their bid is better than the highest bidder then they should be considered,” Parakh said.
What has to be ensured is a minimum possible dislocation of supplies, he added. Asked what should be the production sharing regime adopted by the Government when going for open bidding, he said, “The Government will need to work on it carefully. Issues of profit share, royalty all need to be clarified.”
On whether the Centre should play a larger role in the contracts, Parakh said, “what I understand is that it will be the States who will be calling for the bids. This would mean that the contracts will be signed between the State and the developer.”
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

India enters the orbit of elite on MangalyaanIndia enters the orbit of elite on Mangalyaan
Our Bureau
Reaches the Red Planet orbit at first attempt
Bangalore, September 24:  
Exactly at 08:00:04 am Wednesday, India created history by successfully inserting Mangalyaan into the Mars orbit.
This achievement on its first attempt and at a cost less than what it takes to make a Hollywood movie brought accolades to the Indian Space Research Organisation.
The country’s space agency successfully completed the Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) manoeuvre and with this, it joins the elite set of the US, Europe and Russia in successfully sending probes to orbit or land on Mars.
First Asian nation
India becomes the first Asian country to go to the Red Planet, beating even China.
A visibly excited Prime Minister Narendra Modi, attired perhaps symbolically in red, saw the entire manoeuvre and termed the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) an ‘unprecedented success’.
“We have dared to reach out into the unknown and have achieved the near impossible. Today, MOM has met Mangal (Mars). Today, Mangal has got MOM. The time this mission was short-named as MOM, I was sure that MOM won’t disappoint us,” said Modi in his 20-minute address in English and Hindi to ISRO scientists.
Talking about the challenge that this mission posed, as of the previous 51 attempted across the world so far only 21 had succeeded, he said, “the odds were stacked against us.”
Congratulating the gathering of 1,000 scientists who have been involved in this mission from Day 1, Modi, who is also the Minister of Space, showed his special appreciation for the ISRO Chairman, K Radhakrishnan, with a pat on his back.
The first sign of success on the very last leg came when ISRO announced that at the end of four hours, the burning of engines on India’s Mars orbiter had been confirmed.
“All engines of Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn confirmed,” ISRO said, which was met with spontaneous clapping from scientists and other ISRO personnel gathered.
For the next six months, the MOM will move in an elliptical path around the planet studying the Mars surface and scanning its atmosphere for methane. It will not land on Mars.
10-month odyssey
The spacecraft, launched on November 5, 2013 through a PSLV-XL rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh, has travelled 666 million km (414 million miles) since.
The scientific objectives include exploration of Mars surface features, morphology, mineralogy and Martian atmosphere by indigenous scientific instruments.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Modi will urge Obama to be sensitive to Indias food security concernsModi will urge Obama to be sensitive to India’s food security concerns
Amiti Sen
AFP US President Barack Obama
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Food security issue is high on PM’s agenda during US trip
New Delhi, September 24:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will urge US President Barak Obama to be sensitive to India’s food security concerns and not block a ‘permanent solution’ at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) that would allow the country to continue with its procurement programmes without attracting sanctions.
Modi was briefed on the latest developments at the WTO by senior officials of the Commerce Ministry on Monday to prepare him for his interaction with the US President on the crucial issue.
“India’s food security concern is high on the PM’s agenda. He hopes to convince the US President of the country’s need to implement its food security legislation without the fear of breaching caps,” a Commerce Ministry official told BusinessLine.
Modi is scheduled to meet Obama for an official bilateral meeting in Washington DC on September 29.
Trade facilitation
India and the US (backed by many developed countries and some developing countries) are locked in a battle at the WTO over the implementation of a trade facilitation pact for upgrading border infrastructure and streamlining customs procedures, which New Delhi has refused to support till its food security concerns are sorted out.
As the present rules of the WTO classify India’s MSP (minimum support price) programme for foodgrain procurement as trade distorting, it is subject to a cap of 10 per cent of total agriculture production.
India wants the rules to be changed as it could breach the ceiling for rice in the next few years once its food support programme is fully implemented and attract economic sanctions from other member countries.
“The PM will point out to Obama that India’s total farm subsidies were just $12 billion annually compared to $100 billion given by the US.
“Since the subsidies are mostly to support poor farmers and guarantee food to the poor, these shouldn’t be targeted,” the official said. Modi will assure Obama that India had no problems with the provisions of the trade facilitation pact supported by the US and would give it the go-ahead as soon as its concerns on food security were met.
The US is angry with India for not supporting a trade facilitation pact by July 31 this year, as it had promised to do so at a meeting of trade ministers of WTO member countries in Bali last December.
Although in Bali, India had settled for an interim solution promising no action against the country for breaching food subsidy limits till a permanent solution was found by 2017, it later changed its position and asked for an immediate solution as it felt that the conditions attached to the interim solution were too rigid.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Indias gateway to the EastIndia’s gateway to the East
G PARTHASARATHY
Given the shared heritage, there’s tremendous potential for New Delhi to push its economic interests with Yangon
September 24, 2014:  
In the minds of New Delhi’s elite, India’s South Asian neighbourhood is made up solely of the seven members of Saarc, even though we share no land borders with three of them. We tend to forget that four of our north-eastern States — Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur and Mizoram — share a 1640 km land border with Myanmar. Not only is Myanmar a member of Bimstec, the Bay of Bengal grouping linking Saarc and Asean, it is also our gateway to the fast growing economies of East and Southeast Asia.
While successive leaders of Myanmar, who are devout Buddhists, have looked upon India predominantly in spiritual terms, as the home of Lord Buddha, they recognise that an economically vibrant India provides a balance to an increasingly assertive China. Sadly, we have not been able to take full advantage of either our shared Buddhist heritage by facilitating increased pilgrimages, or used our economic potential effectively to promote our interests.
Changing situation
Ties between India and Myanmar have quietly blossomed over the past two decades. The respective militaries and security agencies of the two countries have facilitated cooperation across the border. This has led to effective action against cross-border insurgencies and narcotics smuggling. Myanmar’s information minister recently reiterated his government’s readiness to crack down on Indian insurgent groups such as the ULFA (Assam), PLA (Manipur) and NSCN-K (Nagaland). India, in turn, has acted firmly against Myanmar insurgents entering its territory.
Myanmar has moved steadily in easing the rigours of military rule since the elections that swept President Thein Sein to power in 2011. The military still has a crucial role in national life, as negotiations are on to achieve a comprehensive ceasefire with 16 well-armed insurgent groups drawn from ethnic non-Burmese minorities. This is no easy task, but is a prelude to negotiations on the highly sensitive issue of federalism and provincial autonomy for ethnic minority areas.
After years of bonhomie during military rule, Myanmar’s relationship with its largest neighbour China is under strain. China’s Yunnan province borders the sensitive and insurgency-ridden Kachin and Shan states in Myanmar.
The China factor
China has helped significantly in building Myanmar’s infrastructure and equipping its military. India’s fears of Chinese bases in Myanmar were not borne out. But differences between China and Myanmar have grown recently, especially on large projects like the Myistone dam, which had to be junked, and a proposed railway line to connect Yunnan to the Bay of Bengal. There is growing opposition to Chinese projects in copper and nickel mining. The sentiment is that China has taken Myanmar for a ride regarding an oil pipeline linking Yunnan to the Bay of Bengal port of Kyaukphu.
There are concerns over Chinese involvement with insurgent groups such as the Kachin Independence Army and the United Wa Army. Despite this, border trade across the Yunnan-Myanmar border is booming, reaching $4.17 billion in 2013, against a mere $35 million border trade across the India-Myanmar border, though the “unofficial trade” (smuggling) across this border is estimated at around $300 million annually.
India’s former Ambassador to Myanmar VS Seshadri has authored a report spelling out how India has been tardy in building connectivity through Myanmar to Thailand and Vietnam and securing access for our landlocked north-eastern States to the Bay of Bengal. Our border trade regulations are formulated by mandarins in North Block and Udyog Bhavan who have no idea of the ground situation. They could learn a thing or two from China’s pragmatism — the manner in which it treats the markets with its neighbours not as foreign, but as extensions of its own markets. Opening up such trade will also enable our north-eastern States to meet their growing requirements of rice at very competitive rates.
Unless we learn to look at our neighbours the way China does, bearing in mind the inherent strengths of our economy, we can never match the economic influence of China on our borders in the North-East. The new minister for north-eastern affairs VK Singh has served at length in the North-East. It is hoped he will liberalise procedures and permit trade across borders with Myanmar in currencies traders mutually agree upon. Vehicles should move freely across the borders on roads through Myanmar, to Thailand and Vietnam.
Moreover, the “Kaladan multimodal corridor” linking our north-eastern States through the port of Sittwe in Myanmar will be useful only if Sittwe becomes the key port for India-Myanmar trade. India has done remarkably well in human resource development projects in Myanmar. It has played the lead role in the establishment of the Myanmar Institute of Information Technology, an advanced centre for agricultural research and education, an agricultural university and welcomed many Myanmar professionals for training in its medical and engineering institutions.
Tardy record
But we would be less than honest if we did not admit that in project and investment cooperation, our record has been tardy. After having secured exploration rights for gas in the Bay of Bengal, we conducted our project planning and diplomacy so clumsily that we did not have a strategy ready for taking the gas to India through a pipeline across Myanmar and our North-East, or for transporting it as LNG. China deftly stepped in and took away all this gas by expeditiously building a pipeline to Yunnan province.
In the mid 1990s, Myanmar offered us hydro-electric projects with a potential of over 1,000 MW across rivers near our borders. We took years to scrutinise these projects, which companies in South Korea earlier offered to construct. After nearly two decades we backed off. Our private companies too not been able to avail offers of land for plantations across Myanmar.
India was offered hundreds of acres of land for agriculture and for bamboo plantations for making paper pulp, close to its borders. Two private sector companies signed MoUs with Myanmar counterparts. But Myanmar officials found our private sector to be more bureaucratic than our government. India lost access to huge bamboo resources which went to a Thai company that clinched a deal in weeks — something our companies could not achieve for nearly two decades.
The writer is a former High Commissioner to Pakistan
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Myanmar means businessTweet
India should leapfrog its efforts to tap the myriad opportunities emerging from this fast-growing economy
Myanmar is changing fast and there are at least three changes that are currently visible. First, there is transition underway from a military system to democratic governance. Second, the economy is moving away from a centrally-planned superstructure to a market-led framework. Third, after decades of violence, we are seeing peace and normalcy return to this beautiful country.
All these put together are offering opportunities never seen before to investors near and far. Many countries have either initiated or are at an advanced stage of consultations to carve out an engagement framework that would offer their firms preferential access to one of the few final frontier markets in Asia.
A growing economy
Call it the ‘gold rush’ or simply a case of waking up to smell the coffee, the fact is these transitions have the potential to give Myanmar a chance to retrieve its place as one of the most dynamic economies in Asia. And given a history of robust ethnic, cultural and religious linkages as well as the close physical proximity, India, too, would do well to chalk out a more proactive agenda of engagement with Myanmar.
There are two imperatives for this. First, Myanmar — like the other CLMV countries (Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam) — represents a rapidly growing economy with rising consumption, strategic location and access, rich natural resources (oil, gas, teak, copper and gemstones), biodiversity and an industrious workforce with low wages. And it offers significant opportunities for trade in goods and services, investment and project exports.
Second, Myanmar’s strategic connectivity to India’s North-East through the land route and maritime connectivity through the Bay of Bengal make it a bridge between India and Asean , which is crucial in the context of our growing engagement with the region.
We get two benefits if we establish strong land and sea links between our North-East and Myanmar. One, it helps India and Myanmar bond better, and two, it creates gateways for our merchandise exports to Asean countries.
Trade and investment
The good news is that businesses are beginning to respond to these dynamics and emerging opportunities spanning agriculture, plantation, infrastructure, information technology, healthcare and education.
With bilateral trade at $2.18 billion in 2013-14, India and Myanmar are eyeing $3 billion turnover by 2015 and Indian investments in Myanmar, which amounted to $283 million till 2013, are expected to soar to $2.6 billion over the next few years.
India’s engineering sector is eyeing the Myanmar market to create a bigger presence for engineering exports, and oil and gas companies ONGC Videsh and GAIL are aggressively scouting for more exploratory blocks in Myanmar. United Bank of India, State Bank of India and Bank of India have set up representative offices in Myanmar and so has the Exim Bank of India.
These have brightened the outlook for trade and investment, even as we wait for larger scale full operations.
Need a big leap
However, India’s strategy in Myanmar now needs to move aggressively towards a big leap forward in economic ties, cooperation and investments. Other countries such as China, Japan, the UK, France and the US have been moving at a quick pace for prime slots in vital sectors such as energy, oil and gas, mining and manufacturing and unless we take some proactive measures to step up our presence, we will fall behind.
Infrastructure and connectivity are potential game-changers in India’s equations with Myanmar. In connectivity, a top priority is developing direct flights between India and Myanmar with the larger objective of expansion of our trade volume.
There is currently only one twice-weekly direct Air India flight from India to Myanmar, from Kolkata to Yangon (besides seasonal flights to Bodh Gaya for Myanmar pilgrims).
In contrast, there are nearly 100 flights from Yangon and Mandalay to Bangkok and over 40 to Singapore. The Indian aviation players would do well to explore the new destinations that are opening up and create direct air links which will also facilitate closer business interaction.
Myanmar’s growing need for infrastructure, for instance, ports, to enhance sea and land connectivity, offers a lucrative playing ground for India.
The Myanmar government has put huge emphasis on infrastructure development projects as it sees connectivity as a key factor in promoting trade and enabling Myanmar’s integration with the Asean Economic Union by 2015.
The two countries are working on extension of the India-Myanmar-Thailand trilateral highway project to Laos and Cambodia, which would enhance regional connectivity and commerce.
Port connectivity can be an asset and large Indian companies should consider investing in the development of the Kyaukphyu Special Economic Zone for its vantage point in the Bay of Bengal.
India has developed another port a little further north at Sittwe intended to link Kolkata with Mizoram and our North-East through an inland waterway and road along the Kaladan river.
It is also extending a road linking the Mizoram border to western Myanmar. These could well be developed into full-fledged economic corridors with industrial hubs in key locations benefiting trade and commerce. Of course, timely completion of such projects is the key.
Myanmar has opened doors to support the agriculture sector and companies can tap opportunities in the entire value chain including seeds, agri-machinery, pre- and post-harvest technology.
Further, in the energy space, companies should look at setting up power stations, transmission and distribution lines and supply of gensets.
As Myanmar further opens up and modernises, its needs will multiply and diversely so.
Indian companies are evaluating opportunities, but time is not on our side as the numbers of global players who want to put Myanmar on fast gear are growing. The Indian Government too will have to double its efforts in leading the critical connectivity projects. It is anybody’s game. Let it be India’s.
The writer is the president of Ficci
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

How to determine black marketingHow to determine black marketing?
Shyamal Gupta
In a market-driven economy, it is difficult to determine whether the price that is being charged is black-marketing
September 24, 2014:  
Recently, the Chief Minister of Bihar, Jitan Ram Manjhi, stirred up a controversy when he said that hoarding and black marketing of goods by small traders will not be treated as a crime. He may have been politically incorrect yet he was logically correct.
The hoarding and black marketing by small traders have no material impact on the demand and supply of goods in the market as the quantity of goods being hoarded by these small traders are insignificant.
Black marketing might be socially reprehensible and ethically wrong but there is nothing to prevent a businessperson from increasing the price to meet the pressing needs of the escalating cost.
In a market-driven economy, where there is no price ceiling, it is difficult to determine whether the price that is being charged is black-marketing. In the case of commodities, where there is no concept of an MRP, the concept of black marketing is even more questionable.
Blaming the small traders of hoarding and black-marketing creates more panic than to actually resolving supply side concerns. In modern commercial economy, hoarding and black marketing is a flawed logic that is often blamed for price increase. Small traders with limited financial resources can hardly make any dent on the price of a commodity or its availability.
Politicians browbeat the mythical hoarders for price rise often forgetting that the activity of hoarding needs very large and continuous supply of finance which no small trader possesses in India.
The agricultural physical market in Bihar and other States do not operate on a leveraged model and is also not a heavily financed model, unlike the trade of crude and metals in the international scenario.
In the past, it has been conclusively proven that when non-binding price ceilings are put in place to prevent price gouging in the event of natural disasters, it may actually reduce incentives for sellers to be well-stocked with goods as they will be unable to command the full market price for the commodities.
Normally, the supply and demand dictate price. However, when prices are fixed, demand outstrips supply. Thus, shortages become inevitable. As experience with rent control shows, capping prices in times of scarcity has perverse effect of reducing quantity of commodity or the service supplied.
Consumers understandably get upset when they face dramatic price increases within a short time. However, capping prices would actually lead to less being sold, as suppliers reduce the quantity that they are willing to sell in order to avoid losses. Shortages are, therefore, exacerbated.
By contrast, anyone who tries to unreasonably price the commodity will find himself with unsold supply and will be forced to lower his prices to offload it. In reality, it can be very difficult to determine the extent to which price increases are greater than “necessary” and even more difficult to determine what is black-marketing.
The writer is a trade analyst
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Sena-BJP alliance teeters as allies threaten to quitSena-BJP alliance teeters as allies threaten to quit
Our Bureau/agencies
DEVENDRA FADNAVIS Maharashtra BJP president
SADABHAU KHOT Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana leader
Uddhav’s promise of ‘respectable’ number of seats eases the situation for the time being
Mumbai, September 24:  
Hours after threatening to quit the ‘Mahayuti’ over ‘paltry’ allocation of seats for the Maharashtra Assembly polls, three smaller partners in the Shiv Sena-BJP-led alliance indicated they would stay on, following an assurance from Uddhav Thackeray that they will be given a “respectable” number of seats.
The original alliance or Mahyuti was formed by the BJP and Shiv Sena along with the Republican Party of India (A) led by Ramdas Athawale, farmer leader Raju Shetti's Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Shiv Sangram of Vinayak Mete and Mahadeo Jankar’s Rashtriya Samaj Party.
“Our meeting with Uddhavji was very successful. We have proposed to him a formula that can make every party happy. We have asked him to keep 150 seats for Shiv Sena, leaving 120 for BJP and we will be satisfied with 18 seats. We are going to meet BJP leaders now and hope this logjam will be sorted out today,” Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana leader and Lok Sabha MP Shetti told reporters on Wednesday after his meeting with Uddhav, who heads the Shiv Sena.
New formula
Mete of Shiv Sangram, who was also present during the meeting, said junior partners in the alliance will get more than seven seats. “We met Uddhavji and other leaders of the Sena. We have reworked a new formula which we will now discuss with BJP leaders today. Under the new formula smaller parties will be getting more than seven seats to contest,” he said.
Jankar of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha said: “We are optimistic now. The Mahayuti is on its way to becoming a huge success.”
Deeply perturbed by a proposed reduction in seats, the smaller parties of the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had said they were considering breaking away and forming new alliances.
On Wednesday, the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Shiv Sangram and Rashtriya Samaj Party were mulling a separate course, while the Republican Party of India (A) remained undecided.
Sources indicated that these parties were annoyed with Tuesday’s decision on seat sharing, in which it was decided that the BJP would contest 130 seats, the Shiv Sena 151 and only seven seats would be left for the four parties.
Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana deputy president Sadabhau Khot told media persons on Wednesday in a press conference here that the party had thought that if it joined the BJP and Shiv Sena then it would be able to solve the problems of the people of the State, but “both these parties are more keen to grab power than work for people’s welfare.”
An alliance of the three parties is on the anvil and a list of candidates could be announced late evening, he added.
Rashtriya Samaj Party president Mahadeo Jankar had told BusinessLine in an interview on Monday that Mahayuti allies don’t want the Congress and the NCP back in power, but the political arrangement to engineer such a victory is lacking, as the smaller allies are being treated unfairly.
The smaller parties had demanded 88 seats out of 288 from the BJP-Shiv Sena, but over the period of one month the number has fallen drastically, he said.
Shetti of the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana had said that giving seven seats to four parties was an ‘insult’ to them, which will not be accepted. “If you can’t give us enough seats (to contest), at least make our leader the chief minister,” he had said in an apparent dig at the Sena over its proposal.
RPI(A) chief Athawale was also reportedly miffed with the new seat-sharing proposal and had left the meet midway last night.
As the smaller partners threatened to walk out of the alliance accusing the Sena and BJP leaders of “backstabbing” them, State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis said: “Our party has decided to contest the polls with all our alliance partners. They joined us before the Lok Sabha polls, reposing trust in us. They have to stay with us, we want them to stay with us and we are trying to see to it that they stay with us.”
Swamy praises Uddhav
Meanwhile, BJP leader Subramanian Swamy described Uddhav Thackeray as ‘modest’. “He is a modest man, he is a very able, educated person, very modern. We think very highly of him, if he becomes the CM,” Swamy said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Space history: India successfully places Mars spacecraft in orbitSpace history: India successfully places Mars spacecraft in orbit
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre: ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and Prime Minister Narendra Modi in jubliant mood after Mars Orbiter Mission successfully enters the Red Planet's orbit on Wednesday. Photo : Bhagya Prakash K
Subbiah Arunan (left), Project Director of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), and M Annadurai, Programme Director, Indian Remote-Sensing Satellites (IRS) and Small Satellites Systems (SSS), at the Mission Operations Complex-2 of ISRO, at Peenya in Bangalore. (file photo)
Bangalore, Sept 24:  
India today created space history by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of three nations.
The successful manoeuvres were carried out in early hours, watched keenly by Prime Minister Narendra Modhi, his cabinet colleagues and Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah.
Watched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, ISRO scientists successfully ignited the main 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) and eight small thrusters that fired for 24 minutes from 7.17 a.m. and slowed down the speed of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft ‘Mangalyaan’ for it to slip into a smooth orbit around the Red Planet after almost an year-long voyage.
“Today MOM has met Mangal (Mars). Today Mangal has got MOM. The time this mission was short named as MOM, I was sure that MOM won’t disappoint us,” Modi, who wore a red coloured jacket, said annnouncing the Rs 450-crore mission’s success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) here.
Scientists broke into wild cheers and congratulated each other after the 1,350 kg spacecraft was manoeuvred into its designated place, capping a 666 million km journey that began on November 5 last.
With the success of “Mangalyaan”, India has become the first country to go to Mars in the very first try. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts. The first Chinese mission to Mars, called Yinghuo-1, failed in 2011. Earlier in 1998, the Japanese mission ran out of fuel and was lost.
Modi, who witnessed the operation along with the space scientists, said the odds were stacked against “us with only 21 of the 51 missions to Mars being successful'', but “we have prevailed''.
“We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and innovation.
We have navigated our craft through a route known to very few,” Modi said in a speech in Hindi and English, congratulating the scientists and “all my fellow Indians on this historic occasion''.
An elated Prime Minister patted the back of ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and complimented the Indian space scientists for making space history.
“I have said it in the past too, the amount our scientists have spent on this mission is even less than what they spend in making Hollywood movies,” he said in his address to the mission scientists.
At just $74 million, the mission is less than the estimated $100 million budget of the sci-fi blockbuster “Gravity“.
India’s MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission, costing a tenth of NASA’s Mars mission Maven that entered the Martian orbit on September 22.
It aims to study Mars’ surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on Earth.
Given the high rate of failures — only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries being successful, the success of MOM has given a boost to India’s global standing in Space.
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus

Goldman Sachs plans Rs 1 200-cr Bangalore campusE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IBA to take up finmin concerns on outsourcing of loan due diligenceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Reduce on JSW Energy  target Rs 69E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Finding common ground for business tiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India will have 30-40 smart cities in the next five yearsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal block allocation  Mars Mission  Indian rupee  BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty  Gold price  more on Sept 24  2014Coal block allocation, Mars Mission, Indian rupee, BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty, Gold price, more on September 24, 2014
Wed Sep 24 2014, 21:59 hrs
The Supreme Court (SC) on Wednesday cancelled the allocation of all but four of the 218 captive coal blocks; the four blocks are run by the government and are not in a joint venture, belonging to NTPC and SAIL and two UMPPs. Graph: PTI
Mangalyaan: Mars Orbiter Mission. Graph: PTI
India's Mars Mission. Graph: Reuters
Indian rupee through the day against US dollar. Sustained dollar demand from importers and weakness in local equities today pulled the Indian rupee down for the third straight day with the currency ending two paise lower at 60.96 against the greenback. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee vs US dollar. Heavy selling by foreign funds yesterday in local stocks and better dollar overseas also kept the rupee under pressure. At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced lower at 61.03 a dollar from previous close of 60.94. It moved in a limited range of 60.9250 and 61.05 before settling at 60.96, a fall of two paise or 0.03 per cent. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex Intraday Movement. The benchmark Sensex today dropped over 215 points in a knee-jerk reaction to Supreme Court cancelling allocation of 214 coal mines but recouped most losses to end the day just 31 points lower with Coal India shares surging 5 per cent. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex: Top Gainers, Top Losers. Fag end short-covering a day ahead of expiry of September derivatives contract also helped the index recover, said traders. Shares from realty, capital goods, consumer durable, banking and auto sectors were at the receiving end while FMCG, pharma counters caught the attention as safe bets, they added. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty throughout the day. The benchmark BSE S&P Sensex initially touched a high of 26,844.70 but dropped to a low of 26,560, down by over 215 points when news of cancellation of coal blocks filtered in. Graph: PTI
Gold and silver prices. Gold fell on profit-taking after a brief overnight recovery at the domestic bullion market here today on subdued demand from stockists and traders as well as weak local buying interest amid bearish global cues. Graph: PTI
Reader´s Comments

Russian air incursions rattle BalticsRussian air incursions rattle Baltic states
By Richard Milne in Oslo, Sam Jones in London and Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d016276-43c3-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Outsourcery shares fall on weak resultsOutsourcery shares fall as weak interim results disappoint
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/610c9050-43dd-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Federalism eases path to a better realmFederalism is a cinch and it will make for a better realm
By Chris Giles
The arrangement should tempt local politicians with incentives to improve their patch
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/735845ea-426d-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Britain mourns its shopkeeping titansBritain mourns the shopkeepers who were its only titans
By Jonathan Guthrie
Success in engineering, unlike selling groceries, gives international gains, says Jonathan Guthrie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6eee811e-4348-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco & ETFs: a fairytale© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/4dbc1b48-43c3-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rocket Internet: red glare© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/80bab180-438c-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TNT: Sorry we missed you© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/29aa06d2-43ed-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung SDI: Feelings© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f2566728-43c6-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buy rating on Cipla  target Rs 730E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Column: Adopt Kelkars plan  with cautionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Dealing with Coalgate IIE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RPower calls off deal with JP over tariff issuesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NCDEX to launch pan-India forward contract for tradeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sierra Leone says 300 sick or dead found in Ebola lockdownE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Need right regulation for business growth  jobs: RajanNeed right regulation for business growth, jobs: Rajan
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan on Wednesday said to support business growth and create jobs, India needed the right regulation, as well as its effective enforcement.
“We have a lot of regulation; we need regulation. I am not, by any means, in the camp that says we should have markets without regulation. Many markets require regulation to work. But we need the right kind, not too much, not too little, but clever and sensible regulation,” he said at an event organised by a German industry chamber here.
He added one of the biggest challenges for India was taking advantage of its demographic dividend. “As many have noted, demographic dividend could turn into a democratic curse if you don’t create jobs. What is important is we reap the benefits of the democratic dividend by creating jobs.”
The RBI governor stressed the need for better infrastructure. “We need the physical environment for better jobs, we need to create better infrastructure. It means improved logistics for the country,” he said.
On imparting skills and education, he said, “We have to have much better skills in our working-age population. We need broad-level skills across the population, which means we have to improve the quality of education.
“We got everybody in schools, but they don’t stay in schools; they drop out too often, too frequently. We need them to stay. We need to give them high-quality education…Equally important in a more service-oriented economy is improving university education…I don’t think we should dismiss that universities are no longer places where the rich go to study; today, they are more mass-market. We need high-quality university education. We also need elite university education to educate teachers and researchers so that we can get knowledge built into the economy. This is because new knowledge and innovation will be critical,” Rajan said.
A vibrant financial system could can help finance those who wanted to create jobs, he said, adding this would also allow people who wanted good education by providing them loans.
The current financial system, he said, had a lot of exclusion. “This exclusion is bad in many ways: First, those excluded don’t have access and second, they cannot save in the financial system. They have to save outside, at great risk and, at times, at substantially lower returns. We need to bring them into the system so that they have the ability to save, to send money to their loved ones, to get insurance, to be able to save for old-age pension.”
Emphasising the importance of health, he said, “One of the concerns we have is how to bring down malnutrition in the population. Unfortunately, direct interventions have had only moderate effects.”

State Bank of India board approves 1:10 share splitState Bank of India board approves 1:10 share split
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:49 AM IST
In a bid to increase the liquidity of its stock, State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to split its share in the ratio of 1:10. This means, one equity share with a face value Rs 10 will be split into 10 shares of Re 1 each.
“The central board of SBI at its meeting has approved to reduce the face value of equity shares of the bank from Rs 10 per share to Re 1 per share and to increase the number of issued shares in proportion thereof,” the bank said in a statement on Wednesday.
The shares of SBI, India’s largest lender, closed at Rs 2,487.40 apiece on Wednesday on the BSE, 2.68 per cent down from the previous close.
The decision would be reflected in the reduction in face value of equity shares in the existing global depository receipt (GDR) programme, the bank said.
The decision is subject to government and regulatory approvals.
SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said the decision to split the stock will enhance broader investor participation, specifically retail participation and increase in demand will enhance the bank’s price-to-earnings ratio.
Earlier this month, public sector lender Punjab National Bank and private lender ICICI Bank had also announced a share split in the ratio of 1:5.

Short View: US housingUS builders’ shares show foundations
By James Mackintosh
Signs sector could survive Fed tightening ought to mean solid gains
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93b21264-4405-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Book review: Leading The Life You Want© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7017ab04-429b-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lombard: Barclays and the SFOSeptember 24, 2014 7:36 pm
Barclays shows signs of recovery from a nasty case of Qatar
By Jonathan Guthrie
Legal privilege is impeding SFO’s pursuit over 2008 capital raising
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/067b5496-43dd-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimcos nimble Gross falls from gracePimco’s once nimble Gross slips from favour
By David Oakley, Tracy Alloway and Chris Newlands
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ddf17dc-4409-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco & ETFs  a fairytale© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/4dbc1b48-43c3-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Is this the taper tantrum round twoTaper tantrum round two? Sep 24, 2014 - 5:25 pm
As the prospect of higher US interest rates puts emerging markets under renewed pressure, Delphine Strauss, currencies correspondent, asks Koon Chow, emerging markets strategist at Barclays, whether we will see a repeat of last year's 'taper tantrum'. Also, what is the scope for volatility as carry trades unwind, and what are the risks of China resorting to exchange rate intervention to boost flagging growth.

Five reasons why picture looks gloomy for tradeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

A sober mood for the US corn beltShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Sober mood for US corn belt
Sep 23, 2014 : As US corn and soybean harvests hit record highs, the farmers responsible for the crops enter a nervous new era. The weakest grain prices in four years are hitting incomes, pressuring land prices and costing jobs. Gregory Meyer reports from Illinois.
Links:  Read the story  /  Credits: Filmed by Gregory Meyer and edited by Gregory Bobillot. Library: Getty, Reuters

Vodafone ready to settle tax row outside arbitrationVodafone ready to settle tax row outside arbitration
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 25, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Vodafone Group chief executive officer (CEO) Vittorio A Colao does not rule out the possibility of a settlement of his company’s Rs 16,000-crore tax dispute with the Indian government through a route other than the ongoing arbitration process that has just begun.
At a luncheon meeting with journalists here on Wednesday, Colao said he and his company, which ran the second largest telecom services in India, had great faith in the ‘civilised’ process of settling disputes through arbitration. But nothing outside that is ruled out, he said.  
The Indian government, on its part, has made it known that it would follow the arbitration path to resolve the tax dispute that arose in the wake of Vodafone’s purchase of overseas controlling shares in the Indian entity in 2007. The principal tax demand pertained to capital gains of an estimated Rs 7,900 crore, which with interest would have doubled over the past seven years. In addition, there is a penalty of at least 100 per cent of the principal amount.
Colao, who arrived here on Wednesday morning and was accompanied by Vodafone India CEO Marten Pieters, said he would be open to listing his company in India.  “I would love to list the company at the right time and with the right conditions so that Indian shareholders too benefit from the exercise,” he said. Explaining further, Pieters said for a listing to happen it was necessary to remove the uncertainty over the company’s renewal of the spectrum that was now a matter of a court dispute. If the company did not have a fall back option if it lost its spectrum at the time of its renewal through an auction, then there would be no business for the company and a listing would not be able to get the right value in such a situation, he said.
Expressing his confidence in the Indian market and the government, Colao said he was more optimistic about India than he was a few months ago. He, of course, expressed the hope that the merger and acquisition norms got better so that there were fewer players in the market offering better value to every stakeholder. “Up to four operators in any market is the ideal situation”, Colao said, adding that consolidation of telecom players in India was necessary to help the industry.
Colao said he would be bothered if there was an unfair regulatory situation, but he pointed out that it was not his job to judge the government. He felt Vodafone was bringing in a lot of money into the Indian market for investment and expansion of its operations in a bid to become a converged company. There was, however, need for the decision making process to be in tune with the political will of the government.
Translate intention into acts: Vodafone chief tells govt
Vodafone Group chief executive Vittorio A Colao on Wednesday said the Centre should “make sure political intentions (are) translated into administrative acts”.
After releasing the company’s fourth annual sustainability report here, he said though investor sentiment in India had improved after the National Democratic Alliance government came to power, “too much is locked in offices”.
“We need quick decisions. There are too many ‘non-logical’ rules and regulations in India,” Colao said, adding the private sector could deliver much better, provided rules were made simpler, enough resources provided and quick decisions taken.
“Everywhere in the world, we, the private sector, can deliver. We can deliver a lot of things for inclusive growth, including broadband and money transfer services,” he said. Colao complained about the scarcity of spectrum. “Issues such as spectrum are important…trust the private sector and you will see it will deliver. We are the real engine to drive the Digital India service,” he said.
So far, the company has invested Rs 70,000 crore in India. In a statement, the Vodafone CEO said: “In the last two decades, mobiles have truly transformed the way people engage and interact. In fields such as education, health care, agriculture and financial inclusion, the progress enabled by mobile is unparalleled. Importantly, the social development sector has also significantly benefited from advances in both mobile reach and technology.”
Vodafone India has donated Rs 1.2 crore, collected from its employees and their families, to Educate Girls, the company’s non-governmental organisation partner.

Roadblocks mar ATM spread by banks and WLA operatorsRoadblocks mar ATM spread by banks and WLA operators
Nupur Anand | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Expansion of Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) has slowed this financial year, for quite a few reasons.
High operational costs and differences on the issue of an interchange fee between public and private sector banks has made the financial viability of ATMs tougher.
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data show between March and June, private banks have added only 607 ATMs. In 2013-14, they'd added a total of 5,366 ATMs. In the same period of March-June this year, PSBs have added 6,240 ATMs; it was 40,772 last year.
The scenario is similar in the White Label ATM (WLA, those owned and operated by non-bank entities) segment. Sanjeev Patel, president of the Confederation of ATM Industry, said: “In the past year and three months, only about 3,500 WLAs have been set up, compared to the 150,000 that need to be set up by operators in three years.”
Currently, the interchange fee is Rs 15 per transaction. This has been recommended to be revised to Rs 16.50, plus service tax, which is Rs 18.48. This is a fee the customer's bank pays to the one that maintains the ATM. The first three transactions at other ATMs are free and after this, the bank can choose to pass on the cost to the consumer. But by RBI order, banks cannot charge consumers more than Rs 20.
Both private sector banks and WLA operators have been asking for the interchange fee to be revised.  
Experts say it takes Rs 7-10 lakh for either a bank or a WLA firm to set up an ATM. And, 120-140 transactions on a daily basis for an ATM to break-even. Those involved say costs have been going up due to higher rentals and need for stepping up security.
Himanshu B Pujara, Treasurer  of Catmi, believes the number of ATM visits by consumers is likely to come down further, making it tougher for ATMs to break-even.
“With the change in regulations (restricting the free use of ATMs each month), the footfalls are set to decrease as people are likely to withdraw higher sizes in one go," he said.

Corruption is messy for business in AsiaWhy corruption is a messy business
By David Pilling
Managers have to figure out how to avoid paying bribes – or how to pay without being caught
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/598aa4dc-426d-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Clock turns back: Now  only Centre  its entities can mineClock turns back: Now, only Centre, its entities can mine
Jyoti Mukul | New Delhi Sep 25, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The Supreme Court order has created a new legal framework for coal mining by ruling that only the Union government and its entities can do it.
Through this, it has not only buried the National Democratic Alliance government's plan to allow commercial mining of coal, it has dealt a death blow to private developers by ushering in a new era of nationalisation of coal assets.
Along with annulling the mining rights of captive coal miners, the court has de-allocated mines given out to state government entities on the grounds that only the Centre and its entities can mine coal under the Coal Mining Nationalisation (CMN) Act. The legal framework for coal mining flows from the CMN Act and the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, which governs the mining sector in general.
While the CMN Act was enacted when the Union government took over mining operations from the private sector in the 1970s, the MMDR Act vests the authority of giving out mining rights with state governments.
"The current situation has arisen because of the conflicting provisions in the two laws," said an expert involved with changes in the mining laws.
The Centre has allotted coal blocks to 29 state government undertakings through the screening committee route and another 72 blocks to public sector undertakings under the government dispensation route. In the latter route, only state or central government entities were given mines. The state governments, however, appointed MDOs for commercially mining coal in some cases.
"The allocation of coal blocks through the government dispensation route, however laudable the object may be, also is illegal since it is impermissible as per the scheme of the CMN Act. No state government or public sector undertakings of the state governments are eligible for mining coal for commercial use," the court said in its order today.
Companies like Monnet Ispat, Reliance Power and Adani Enterprises, which had drawn up plans to operate as MDOs, have been hit hard. In April 2013, Adani Enterprises announced the launch of its integrated MDO operations with the start of coal production from the Parsa East-Kente Basan mine in Chhattisgarh. The coal mine has reserves in excess of 450 million tonnes. But the allocation now stands cancelled.
Adani Enterprises was to produce 15 million tonnes of coal annually at the block in Chhattisgarh from 2017. The coal was to be supplied to the Rajasthan State Electricity Board's power plants. According to the company's website, Adani Enterprises has access to coal reserves of over 3 billion tonnes from four MDO contracts, including this project.
The Chhattisgarh contract was the first among the four MDO contracts bagged by Adani Enterprises. The company has outlined a phased capital outlay of Rs 3,000 crore for the entire block.
According to S Vijay Kumar, former secretary, ministry of mines, the legislative framework for development and regulation of mineral wealth would need an overhaul.
"It is a clear indication that sectoral legislation needs to be comprehensively changed, not merely for disposal of natural resources but also for determining the methodology for exploration, resource extraction, valuation and regulatory framework," he said.
The court observed state PSUs, besides having been allocated coal mines for commercial purposes, had also been allowed to form joint venture companies with 49 per cent private shareholding. "However, in the joint venture agreements between the state PSUs and the private companies, mining operations have been given to the private companies."
Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corporation, for instance, was allocated the Sondiha, Bhatgaon-II and Bhatgaon-II (Extension) coal blocks. It formed a joint venture with select bidders who will explore, develop and operate the mines and sell the coal in the open market.
Similarly, the joint venture agreement between Madhya Pradesh State Mining Corporation Limited and Monnet Ispat and Energy Limited reveals the venture was further allowed to enter into MDO agreements with other private partners and sister concerns.
"This modus operandi has virtually defeated the legislative policy in the CMN Act and winning and mining of coal mines has resultantly gone in the hands of private companies for commercial use," said the court's preliminary order of August 25.

ICICI Bank savings account for minorsICICI Bank savings account for minors
Press Trust Of India |  Sep 25, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Private sector lender ICICI Bank on Wednesday launched a savings account for minors above 10 years of age.
The account will offer a personalised cheque book and a debit card with a picture of his or her choice, the bank said in a statement.
"We are pleased to offer the Smart Star account, which allows minors to operate their accounts independently. This will help to inculcate a habit of saving and responsibility of spending wisely," executive director Rajiv Sabharwal said.
Minors will be able to undertake various banking transactions including issuing cheques, paying bills, recharge mobile phones, open fixed deposits and recurring deposits, among others.

Islamist militants kill French touristFrench tourist killed by Islamist militants in Algeria
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris and Borzou Daragahi in Baghdad
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/590bd1f8-4401-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Find out which titles made the shortlistDiane von Furstenberg’s fairy tale life
ABOUT THE AWARD
The winner of the £30,000 prize for the FT and McKinsey Business Book of the Year Award will go to the book that is judged to have provided the most compelling and enjoyable insight into modern business issues, with £10,000 awarded to each runner-up.
The prize will be awarded at a ceremony in London in November.
Queries on procedure can be directed to  bookaward@ft.com
Have your say on Twitter #BBYA14

Asias corruption crackdown is for realWhy corruption is a messy business
By David Pilling
Managers have to figure out how to avoid paying bribes – or how to pay without being caught
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/598aa4dc-426d-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Isis and the aunts from KaramlishIsis and the aunts from Karamlish
By Roula Khalaf
As we cheer the protection of Middle East minorities, we often lose sight of the majority
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61fa2efa-41ad-11e4-b98f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama call to confront network of deathObama calls on Muslim world to confront ‘violent extremism’
By Geoff Dyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f5a1c58-4400-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung pushes ahead on restructuring© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bea85496-3187-11e4-8313-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India finds few allies for WTO battleIndia’s tough trade talks stance wins few friends in poor nations
By Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor, and Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/724eab70-43ef-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Does Apples new iPhone have a bendy problem 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Bug in Apples HealthKit hits iOS 8 launchBug in Apple’s HealthKit hits iOS 8 launch
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a9f0a0dc-3e9b-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sober mood for US corn beltShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Sober mood for US corn belt
Sep 23, 2014 : As US corn and soybean harvests hit record highs, the farmers responsible for the crops enter a nervous new era. The weakest grain prices in four years are hitting incomes, pressuring land prices and costing jobs. Gregory Meyer reports from Illinois.
Links:  Read the story  /  Credits: Filmed by Gregory Meyer and edited by Gregory Bobillot. Library: Getty, Reuters

Samsung faces China labour allegationsSamsung faces China labour allegations
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52619380-2e7e-11e4-bffa-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mansion tax: sounds of the suburbs© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f80fcce4-43ea-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus rollout marred by  bendgateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Powerful Harvard endowment job thrown openPowerful Harvard endowment job thrown open
By Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5d3c6106-f0e7-11e3-9e26-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Widodo drives tourist push for old JakartaJoko Widodo seeks to pin old Jakarta on to the tourist map
By Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/674c56d2-3cc9-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CCI order clears road for generic car partsCCI order clears road for generic car parts
Reuters | New Delhi Sep 25, 2014 07:48 AM IST
Thousands of tiny shops in India's biggest auto components market do brisk business selling a bewildering array of spare parts for about a third of the official price charged by the likes of Toyota Motor Co or Volkswagen AG.
Generic parts sold by traders in places like old Delhi's Kashmere Gate market account for about a sixth of India's $6.6 billion after-sales components sector, IHS Automotive estimates, but a recent move by regulators could boost that share.
The Competition Commission's ruling last month requiring car makers to supply parts more widely could encourage the production and sale of non-certified generic components in the world's sixth largest auto market.
"We have the ability to make good quality products, we have our techniques and this is our chance to prove it," said trader Umesh Seth, sitting in a poky store where hundreds of sheet metal parts wrapped in transparent plastic are piled on racks. "It is about time we get an equal opportunity."
The Competition Commission's ruling has irked auto majors, who argue that a proliferation of cheap copycat components will undermine the safety and reputation of their brands.
In developed markets such as Europe or North America, sundry spares like oil filters, spark plugs or shock absorbers are available from a variety of suppliers, keeping competition keen.
But in markets such as China and India, global car makers have maintained tighter control over the supply and price of spares, selling them through a limited network of vendors.
While car makers and their authorised dealers cite safety as the main reason, this practice has also allowed them to protect hefty margins on parts and repairs, while inflating the cost of car ownership for consumers.
Regulators are now ending all that and the crackdown in India follows a wider, ongoing probe in China where some part makers are being investigated for colluding to keep prices high.
"I would like it if there is competition for the car companies," said Nirav Savla, a 29-year-old businessman from Mumbai who drives a Toyota Innova. "For small parts, I do not need to go to them."
SAFETY HAZARD
In the Kashmere Gate market, a maze of lanes and alleyways lined with men loading handcarts with spares tightly packed in sacks, a generic set of headlights for Hyundai Motor Co's Santro hatchback costs Rs 1,500, less than half the price of the manufacturers' original.
"There are all kinds of customers and we have something for every pocket," said a maker of generic bearings used in commercial vehicles. "They are smart enough to know which local parts are good quality and which ones are not."
Some car makers argue that generic parts are often made with inferior quality materials, undermining performance and making them potentially hazardous, and there is need for safety standards for generics in the after-market before it is opened.
"Blindly following the West in one aspect without plugging the other gaps is not the solution," said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice president sales and marketing at Honda Motor Co's local unit, one of 14 car makers fined a total of $420 million.
Besides the penalty in August, the anti-trust regulator also directed car makers - including Honda, Ford Motor Co, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd and Tata Motors Ltd - to start providing spare parts more widely.
Some of the companies have decided to challenge the order.
"Today you either have counterfeit parts or you have sub-standard parts," said Sen. "We are not against competition but customer safety also cannot be ignored."
The auto makers say conditions in the Indian market cannot be compared with mature markets such as the European Union, where tighter regulation promotes both competition and safety.
Michael Mayer, director of passenger cars at Volkswagen India Pvt Ltd, said he expected the Indian market "will now go through a development phase".
"If we put the cart before the horse we will be seriously compromising on safety," Vikram Kirloskar, vice chairman of Toyota Kirloskar, the Japanese auto maker's local unit, told an industry conference this month.
Authorised parts makers like Bosch Ltd and SKF India Ltd that supply auto makers agree that safety regulation is key.
"It is always a question of trust in the automotive after-market and if it does not have guidelines you do not know what you are measuring against," said Gunter Weber, regional president, automotive after-market at Bosch.
The prize is large. India's overall auto components market - including certified makers who supply directly to manufacturers - is worth $35 billion annually and estimated to more than double by 2020 to $85 billion.
Generic parts are typically supplied by local companies making copies of the original, or imported from countries such as China and Taiwan. Some certified component makers who supply to car makers also sell in the after-sales market.
According to traders, some certified suppliers circumvent restrictive agreements with car makers that do not allow them to sell in the after-market by re-packaging the same products as generic.
GOOD REVENUE SOURCE
Car ownership in India almost doubled to about 25 million by end-2013 from five years earlier, and the country is set to be the world's third-largest car market by 2018, IHS estimates.
In India, people tend to own cars for longer periods compared with other markets and poor road conditions mean higher maintenance costs, Puneet Gupta, senior analyst at IHS says.
Buyers who have stretched themselves financially to purchase a car often struggle with maintenance costs.
Spare parts and repairs are a good revenue source for car makers, contributing about 10-20% of the total, analyst estimates show. The anti-trust watchdog found prices of some spares had been inflated by as much as 3,000% above cost.
The high price of spares and services partly compensate for the salesroom discounts that companies have been forced to offer in recent years due to cooling demand.
Seth, who is also a spokesman for a trade body that represents 5,000 sellers and suppliers in the Kashmere Gate market, says that while repairs are best left to experts as cars become more complex, for parts customers should have a choice between the original and generic.
"Both can sustain and survive in co-existence," he said.

Petrobras  ONGC find gas in Brazil offshore extension wellPetrobras, ONGC find gas in Brazil offshore extension well
Reuters | Rio De Janeiro Sep 25, 2014 03:24 AM IST
Brazil's state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA discovered natural gas in a well being drilled to help measure the potential of a giant Brazilian offshore find, the company said in a securities filing on Wednesday.
Petrobras, as the company is known, owns 75%% and its Indian partner Oil and Natural Gas Corp 25% of the discovery.
The discovery was made in an extension well being used to evaluate the Poco Verde prospect in the BM-SEAL-4 block. The well was drilled in 2,196 meters of water 58 kilometers off the coast of Aracaju, the capital of Brazil's Sergipe state.
The discovery is one of several in recent years in an area believed to hold more than 1 billion barrels of recoverable oil, enough to make the area the biggest discovery in Brazil since the 2007 announcement of giant offshore resources south of Rio de Janeiro.
The Sergipe discoveries include an adjacent block where Petrobras is in partnership with IBV Brasil SA, a joint venture between India's Videocon Industries Ltd and Bharat Petroleum Corp. Petrobras owns 60% of that partnership and IBV 40% in that area.
Petrobras plans to begin producing oil from the Sergipe offshore area in 2018 with a 100,000-barrel-a-day floating production ship. A second ship with the same capacity is expected in 2020. Development of the area is likely to require more than two ships, Petrobras said last week.

Struggling BlackBerry releases new smartphone  PassportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rupee falls on month-end dollar demandRupee falls on month-end dollar demand
Reuters |  Sep 25, 2014 01:41 PM IST
The rupee hit 61.0875, its lowest since Sept 18 in afternoon trade today.
 
The Indian unit is trading at 61.06/07 versus Wednesday's 60.96/97 close.
 
The Nifty is down 0.6%.
 
Month-end demand from importers is further hurting the rupee.
 
Foreign fund flows will remain key for direction.
 
Asian currencies are trading mixed versus the dollar.
 

5 reasons for trade gloomSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Live: PM rolls out  Make in India  plan | Full CoverageFDI
(PM Narendra Modi rolls out…)
PM Narendra Modi launched 'Make in India' on September 25, 2014. The ambitious initiative seeks to make India a manufacturing superpower. ET looks at the key elements.
25 Thrust Sectors: Government has identified 25 sectors where India can become world leader. These include automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharma , textiles, ports, aviation, leather Tourism and hospitality, wellness, and railways are others. The documents will provide growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector-specific FDI , other policies & related agencies.
Single Point Interaction For Investors: Invest India will be fi rst reference point to guide foreign investors It will provide help on regulatory and policy issues and assist in obtaining regulatory clearances
www.makeinindia.com: Follow Up Action Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter Global Launch Make in India will be launched at national and state levels and missions abroad will take it forward
Domestic Focus: Government will identify select domestic cos having leadership in innovation & new technology The idea is to turn these into global champions To promote green and advanced manufacturing & help these cos to integrate into global value chain
Regulatory Regime Overhaul: Review of all regulatory processes to make them simple and reduce compliance
Who And Where: The portal will track visitors for their geographical location, interest & real time user behaviour. Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on this information.
Proactive Approach: Investor facilitation cell to assist foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure The cell will also woo top companies across sectors in identified countries.
All Stakeholders On Board: State governments, business chambers, prominent corporates and foreign companies part of the launch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty struggles at 8000; oil gas  banks  metals dragSep 25, 2014, 10.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty struggles at 8000; oil & gas, banks, metals drag
ONGC fell 2.4 percent as Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad says cabinet deferred decision on gas pricing. "Decision on gas pricing will be taken before November 15," he adds. Oil India was down 1.3 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty struggles at 8000; oil & gas, banks, metals drag
ONGC fell 2.4 percent as Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad says cabinet deferred decision on gas pricing. "Decision on gas pricing will be taken before November 15," he adds. Oil India was down 1.3 percent.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:00am Punjab Alkalies in demand
Shares of Punjab Alkalies and Chemicals (PAC) rallied 12 percent after the Punjab government approved divestment of entire 44.26 percent stake in company by promoter Punjab State Industrial Development Corporation (PSIDC).
"PAC have been informed by the Department of Industries and Commerce, Government of Punjab that the Cabinet Sub Committee on Disinvestment (CCD), Punjab, on September 02 decided disinvestment in PAC," said the company in its filing,
Four companies that qualified for buying stake in PAC are Aditya Birla Chemicals, Kudos Chemie, Derabassi and Consortium, and Nirma.
"Core Group considered the prequalification of expression of interests and approved the prequalification of Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Private Limited, Kudos Chemie Limited, Derabassi and consortium of AI Shemail Garments & Perfumes Trading LLC (lead member 10 percent) and Avenue Chemicals Private Limited (other member 10 percent) and Nirma," said the Punjab government.
10:40am FII View on coal verdict
Neelkanth Mishra, Credit Suisse sees a bigger impact when coal blocks are auctioned. "Some functioning mines may attract an economically unjustified premium. If auctioned, we expect premiums could be as high as Rs 1,500-2,200/tonne, impacting EBITDA by Rs 7,500-10,000 crore. This could impact the economic viability of many projects and some heavily indebted companies," he adds.
"Coal imports are still pricier than e-auction and face logistical constraints. We highlight companies with cancelled blocks and high debt levels such as JSPL, Lanco Infratech, GMR Infrastructure, GVK Power and KSK Energy and their lenders like SBI, PNB, ICICI Bank and Union Bank," says Mishra.
10:20am Market Expert
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla money expects the October expiry to be stable and rangebound today as the volatility in the US markets has come down.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Thukral says foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold index options in trade on Wednesday as they believe the panic in the market is now settling down.
Furthermore, he expects the Nifty to hold at 8000 and has a stop loss of Rs 7950.
The next series, Thukral believes will be positive as the sentiment is strong as the Nifty if it closes today in the green will be the seventh straight positive closing for the market. 
10:00am Equity benchmarks continued to see consolidation with the Nifty struggling at 8000 on expiry session for September derivative contracts. Oil & gas, banks, metals and power stocks were under pressure.
The Sensex fell 52.05 points to 26692.64 and the Nifty declined 15.10 points to 7987.30. About 753 shares have advanced, 1191 shares declined, and 56 shares are unchanged.
ONGC fell 2.4 percent as Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad says cabinet deferred decision on gas pricing. "Decision on gas pricing will be taken before November 15," he adds. Oil India was down 1.3 percent.
Hindalco Industries topped the selling list, down nearly 4 percent. ICICI Bank, State Bank of India, Axis Bank, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, NTPC, Tata Power and BHEL declined 1-2 percent.
However, shares of TCS, HDFC Bank, ITC, HDFC, Infosys, Dr Reddy's Labs, Wipro, Coal India, Gail and Cipla gained 0.5-1.6 percent.
09:15

Updategate: Apple pulls iOS 8 update after complaints of blocked callsmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India s gas explorers fall after price hike delayedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian IT stocks gain after rival Accenture s resultsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

High Court grants 3-weeks protection to Mercedes Benz from CCI s orderE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Slow  contradictory processes problem with India: VodafoneE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Android One moves into top gear with Karbonn Sparkle VE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Affordable housing will drive growth in realty sector: GovtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP-Shiv Sena alliance in Maharashtra might be overBJP-Shiv Sena alliance in Maharashtra might be over
Agencies | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 10:59 AM IST
BJP president Amit Shah has canceled his trip to Mumbai for the second time in two days, which shows the 25 year BJP-Shiv Sena alliance in poor light.
 
Shah was expected to travel to Mumbai today and seal the seat sharing deal with Shiv Sena, according to party sources.
 
Shah's intervention was expected after toughening of stance by both the parties and the smaller constituents over the issue of seat-sharing for the Oct 15 Maharashtra assembly elections, a top party leader said.
 
The last date for filing nominations is Sep 27.
 
Despite repeated chants by both sides that the Grand Alliance would remain intact, there has been no agreement on two crucial issues -- the seat-sharing figures and the chief ministerial candidate -- so far, according to the Bharatiya Janata Party leader, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
 
Exasperated smaller parties Wednesday accused both the BJP and the Shiv Sena of betrayal, back-stabbing, using them as bargaining tools, and threatened to quit the alliance.
 
However, they were mollified by Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray and BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis, who even promised them a larger share of the seats.
 
The latest talking point is about the Shiv Sena getting 150 seats, BJP 125 and the other parties getting 13 seats in the 288-member assembly.
 
The smaller partners -- Republican Party of India (A), Swabhiman Shetkari Sanghatana, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and Shiv Sangram -- will share the 13 seats, an improvement over Tuesday's proposal to give them eight seats.
 
Ramdas Athawale, Raju Shetti, Mahadeo Jankar and Vinayak Mete, respectively, of the smaller parties bitterly complained of being "short-changed" in the deal as they were promised minimum 18 seats by the BJP and the Shiv Sena.
 
Shetti and Jankar went to the extent of "apologising" to the people of the state for committing the mistake of joining the Grand Alliance.
 
A two-time Lok Sabha member from Hatkanangale, Shetti sarcastically asked the BJP and the Shiv Sena to keep and contest all the 288 seats, but offer the chief ministership to Athawale and Jankar by rotation if the alliance came to power.

Jaypee Group shares tank after Reliance Power calls off hydro dealJaypee Group shares tank after Reliance Power calls off hydro deal
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Shares Jaypee Group companies such as Jaiprakash Associates, Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) and Jaypee Infratech have plunged by up to 24% after Reliance Power called off a deal with Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) to buy the JVPL’s entire hydel power portfolio.
“Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and JPVL have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power’s acquisition of JPVL’s hydro portfolio of three projects, with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 mega watts, Reliance Power said in a statement.
JVPL said that for reasons not attribute to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) has been called off.
In July, R-Power had agreed to buy the hydropower assets of JP Ventures.
Among the individual stocks, Jaiprakash Associates has tanked 24% to Rs 24.05, also its 52-week low in intra-day trade on BSE. JPVL has plunged 18% to Rs 11.20, while Jaypee Infratech dipped 16% to Rs 19.45 on BSE.
 

Apple apologises for software bungleApple apologises for bungling iPhone software update
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2648f80-4419-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asia ready for Fed tightening  says ADBAsia ready for Fed tightening, says ADB
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b537b3e2-4461-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Petronas wavers on Canada LNG projectPetronas threatens to pull plug on $10bn Canada LNG project
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/908e5616-4454-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal India  winning by defaultRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Chinese credit grows fastest in 3 monthsChinese credit expands at fastest pace in 3 months
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e05674a-0bec-11e4-a096-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PBoC move to lift renminbi suggests policy successAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Need to tackle persistent inflation: Raghura...RBI chief Raghuram Rajan says need to tackle 'persistent' inflation
PTI Sep 26, 2014, 05.41AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
("We have been emphasising again…)
MUMBAI: With four days to go for the bi-monthly monetary policy review, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan reiterated his tough stance on inflation, saying that its back needs to be broken for a sustainable growth, making it clear that there's little chance of an interest rate cut for the rest of the year.
"The real problem is inflation, that is persistent. We have been emphasising over and over again about the importance to break the back of inflation...we got to break this persistence," Rajan said at the Statistics Day Conference at the RBI headquarters in Mumbai on Thursday.
The RBI governor dwelt upon the nature of inflation in India, and the high food inflation could be linked to the minimum support price, or MSP. "What's been happening over the last few years is that food inflation has been a significant aspect of inflation, and many people argue that this is the central source of inflation. It's plausible to think that there may be a link between MSP and inflation, and many people believe that there's one," Rajan said.
MSP has been a politically contentious issue which tends to influence the market price of foodgrains. Also, there are implications for the food subsidy bill.
However, there is an acknowledgement of the fact that inflation is easing. "Inflation is coming down," Rajan had told a bankers' conference recently. "This is consistent with our forecast. Macro indicators are improving, but still we have some way to go before we can declare that we are out of the woods," he had said.
August CPI rose to 7.8%, marginally slower than 8% in July. The Reserve Bank had started raising its key policy rates since September '13 to tame inflation and continued raising rates till January this year. The key policy rate, the repo rate, or the rate at which the central bank lends to banks, is at 8%.
However, the central bank in its recent policy statement has reduced the statutory holding of government bonds by banks to 22% from 23%. Rajan also underscored the need to improve the data quality that are crucial inputs to the monetary policy process in the country.
"We need to improve the quality and quantity and scope of our data, and we are working on it," Rajan said. He said India's employment data, which forms the basis for a number of decisions on monetary policies in many countries, comes with a lag and is not comparable.
"We need to work on getting a timely and comprehensive employment data base, perhaps on a monthly level." He also said the country does not have a proper producer price index and the central bank would soon create a series.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panasonic eyes $460m stake in Spains FicosaSeptember 25, 2014 6:06 am
Panasonic to bolster auto unit with $275m Ficosa stake
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c3c5e6e-4469-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

With canal and hut  India stands up to ChinaWith canal and hut, India stands up to China on disputed frontier
By By Sanjeev Miglani | Reuters –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: Earlier this month, the Indian army stationed on a remote Himalayan plateau built a small observation hut from where they could watch Chinese soldiers across a disputed border.
The move so irked China's military that it laid a road on territory claimed by India and demanded that the tin hut be dismantled. India refused, destroyed a part of the new road and promptly raised troop numbers in the area.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is making good on election promises of a more robust national security policy, and the fact that around 1,000 soldiers from each side are facing off in Ladakh is evidence even mighty China is not off limits.
No shots have been fired, and a brief border war between the world's two most populous nations was fought 52 years ago.
But Indian military officials said the situation in the Chumar area of Ladakh had been unusually tense in recent weeks, highlighting a simmering disagreement between the nuclear-armed neighbours that is back on the agenda at the highest level.
Modi, a nationalist who swept to power in May, was unusually forthright when Chinese President Xi Jinping visited India in mid-September, challenging Xi in private on the question of incursions along their 3,500-km contested frontier.
Afterwards, he told a news conference in the presence of the Chinese leader that peace and stability on the border were needed for better economic ties Beijing has been pressing for.
P. Stobdan, a former Indian ambassador and a Ladakhi with deep knowledge of the competing claims in the region, sees a shift in New Delhi's thinking.
"The hut has become the bone of contention. The Chinese have drawn a red line. They want it demolished before they will withdraw," he said.
Last year, the Chinese forced the Indians to demolish another hut in Chumar in return for ending a face-off.
"This time the new government does not seem to be in a mood to budge," Stobdan added.
NO LONGER BUSINESS AS USUAL
Beginning in June, as it prepared to receive Xi, Modi's government set in train a series of bold actions on the border where Indian officials say China has long been nibbling away at its territory.
It ordered faster construction of 72 strategic roads along the border to narrow the gap with China's vastly superior and intricate network of roads and tracks in the mountains.
It has also rebuilt airfields, including a landing strip laid in Daulat Beg Oldi in Ladakh in 1962, the year the two countries fought their short war.
Over the past few months C-130 Hercules planes bought from the United States have been landing at the airfield some 30 km from Depsang, the site of a 21-day standoff last year when People's Liberation Army soldiers set up tents on India's side of the 1962 ceasefire line.
V.K. Singh, Modi's minister for India's northeastern states, another area where the border is in dispute with China, says it is no longer business as usual on the so-called Line of Actual Control (LAC) dividing the two countries.
Incursions from both sides are common along the ceasefire line, because their armies cannot agree where it lies, making a final settlement a distant prospect.
"Sometimes (in the past), I think for political reasons or other reasons, we would have said OK, leave it. But that perpetuates the problem, it doesn't solve the problem," said Singh, a former army chief handpicked to beef up civilian and military infrastructure in the northeast.
"You keep giving a concession, it only perpetuates the problem. So somewhere up the hierarchy someone has to say 'let's hold on'," he told Reuters in an interview about the latest confrontation with China.
India was humiliated in the 1962 war and, since then, while it has built up its conventional military and nuclear and missile capabilities, it has been careful to avoid showdowns at the border, which, despite 17 rounds of talks over two decades, remains unsettled.
Hu Zhiyong, a research fellow with the Institute of International Relations at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, told China's state-run Global Times that the Modi government's moves to build up infrastructure and equipment on the Indian side of the LAC signalled a shift in posture.
"The 'offensive' strategy aims to gain more leverage in the talks," Hu told the fiercely nationalist newspaper. 
HIGH-ALTITUDE HUT
The chain of events leading to the latest tensions began in Demchok, on the southeastern corner of Ladakh. On August 18, India started building an irrigation canal there as part of the government's rural jobs guarantee programme.
China protested, saying it was located inside its territory.
Then, on September 8, Indian troops erected their observation hut on a hillock in Chumar, one of the areas along the LAC where India has the tactical advantage of height.
Retired Indian army brigadier Gurmeet Kanwal, who has served in high-altitude areas, said India's position there overlooks Chinese encampments and a dirt road leading up to the area.
Beijing's response was swift. Within a day, some 500 PLA troops crossed into the area and used cranes and bulldozers to build a 2 km (1.2-mile) road.
Later that night, Indian soldiers dug up part of that road, but the Chinese have not withdrawn from the area, which New Delhi considers to be several kilometres inside its territory.
Around 1,000 soldiers from each side are ranged against each other, and further to the east, a group of Chinese civilians backed by the PLA intruded into the Demchok sector where India was trying to build the irrigation canal, Indian officials said.
China's public comments on the latest row with India have been measured.
"The China-India border dispute is a left-over from history. The two countries' border, to this day, has not been designated, and the two sides' understanding of the real line of control is not the same," the Defence Ministry said, adding that both New Delhi and Beijing were resolved to manage the problem.
A CIVILISED CUP OF TEA
India says China violated the ceasefire line 334 times in the first eight months of this year. Chinese officials with Xi on his visit last week said India had violated the LAC 410 times, according to an Indian government official at the talks.
Border patrols have become more frequent and probing deeper into each other's territories, officials say, often running into each other. Earlier, the two armies sent out patrols on alternating days along the most contentious areas of the border so that their troops wouldn't come into contact.
"If there is a border patrol that crosses the LAC as perceived by the other side, they are supposed to offer them a cup of tea and ask them to leave immediately. The idea is it should be civilised behaviour. At times this civilised behaviour has spun out of control with soldiers roughing each other up," said an Indian officer at the army headquarters in New Delhi.
But the head of Ladakh's local government said India had neglected the border area for decades to its own and local people's detriment. Only now was it starting to plug the gaps, he added, and that had provoked the Chinese.
"We have lost so much pasture land, grazing land over a period of time to China," said Rigzin Spalbar, chief executive councillor of the Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council.
"We told our people not to go close to the LAC, the area was left vacant and the Chinese sent their herders in. Now those areas have become their possessions."
(Additional reporting by Frank Jack Daniel in New Delhi and Megha Rajagopalan in Beijing; Editing by Mike Collett-White and John Chalmers)
Recommend

Sitaraman:  Make in India  campaign to focus on labour law flexibility  de-licensingMukesh Ambani,  Cyrus Mistry, Azim Premji pledge support
New Delhi, Sept 25:  
India promises de-licensing, de-regulation and radical changes to attract domestic and foreign investors into the country.
In an event to mark the launch of the 'Make in India' initiative, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitaraman said the Government would focus on 25 sectors to push manufacturing, including automobiles, textiles, leather, electronics, engineering and IT.
She said the Government aims to raise the share of manufacturing to 25 per cent of GDP from 15 per cent. Under the new initiative a dedicated team would facilitate investors 24x7. It may be noted that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the new mission in his Independence Day speech this year.
The Minister said many new initiatives had been announced, including liberalisation of the FDI regime in sectors such as defence and the Railways. But this was just the beginning and many more measures would be initiated, she said, while adding that the effort would be to remove the tag of a country riddled with red-tapism.
In his remarks, the Chairman of Reliance industries, Mukesh Ambani, announced investment of Rs 1.80 lakh crore in the next 12-15 months which, in turn, would create 1.25 lakh jobs. He also hoped that implementation of GST would help to create a single market.
Addressing the gathering, Cyrus Mistry, Chairman, Tata Sons, said the new initiative would help in bridging the current account deficit while bringing stability in the foreign exchange market. He felt the new programme would also help in creating new jobs, as the country needs 22 million new jobs for the youth force every year. Mistry assured Tata Sons’ commitment to investment.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

BJP  Shiv Sena alliance over  parties vie for alternate alliesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s Jaiprakash group shares slump after deal called offE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal India gains; Citi upgrades after top court s verdictE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India has potential to become world s biggest car maker: Maruti SuzukiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Birla expects relief from Centre over coal blocks cancellationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi s  Make in India  pitch to extend red carpet for investorsModi's 'Make in India' pitch to extend red carpet for investors
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 25, 2014 09:00 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will roll out a red carpet to attract industrialists to make India a global manufacturing hub, to help create jobs and boost economic growth.
Before he embarks on his high profile US visit slated from September 26-30, Modi will launch the Make in India campaign at a mega event here today.
The campaign is aimed at making India a manufacturing hub, and the government is pulling out all the stops for ensuring a smooth sailing for investors, by setting up a dedicated cell to answer queries of business entities within 72 hours. It will also closely monitor all regulatory processes to make them simple and reduce the burden of compliance.
"The government is committed to chart out a new path, wherein business entities are extended red carpet welcome in a spirit of active cooperation. Invest India will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances," said an official statement.
Various prominent national and international industry leaders are likely to attend the programme to launch the campaign along with Ministers, senior officials, Ambassadors and opinion leaders.
The government has identified 25 key sectors in which our country has the potential of becoming a world leader. The Prime Minister will be releasing separate brochures for these sectors along with a general brochure.
The brochures covering sectors like automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways among others will provide details of growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector specific FDI and other policies and related agencies.
Investor facilitation cell will provide assistance to the foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure, with focus on green and advanced manufacturing and helping these companies to become an important part of the global value chain.

Nifty slips below 8 000; ICICI Bank  SBI down 2%Nifty slips below 8,000; ICICI Bank, SBI down 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 11:25 AM IST
With the coal block verdict and government delaying on gas pricing  taking the sheen off the power and oil sector, and public sector bank' stocks, the domestic market, tethered within a range by strong positive cues from Asian indices, remains on the back foot during late morning trades.
 
Some sluggishness may dissolve with the launch of ambititous  'Make In India' campaign by PM Modi, being attended by CEOs from across the world though F&O expiry later today will keep any upward momentum capped.
At 11.20 Hrs, Sensex is trading at 26,613 with a loss of 130 points. NIfty is at 7,965 with 37 points loss.
Both BSE Mid-Cap and Small Cap are under pessure with loss of 1% and 1.5% respectivley.
Market breadth continues to trade weak with 627 advances against 1624 declines.
Rupee is trading at 61.01 against US Dollar. Last evening rupee fell sharply on concerns raised by companies that the coal block verdict would necessiate more coal to be imported however dollar sales by custodian banks effected a recovery later and rupee ended flat.
 
Asian Markets
Positive cues from US markets, boosted by strong housing data, uplifted Asian markets. Sentiments also improved on reports that China may consider providing monetary stimulus to stem the decline in economic growth. President Xi Jinping is reportedly considering replacing the head of Central bank to loosen monetary policy stance. Hopes of a stimulus in Europe after weak data from Germany added to the rally.
Japan's Nikkei jumped 1% or 172 points at 16,340. Singapore's Straits Times is flat at 3,287.
China's Shanghai Composite added 0.5% or 12 points at 2,355. Hong Kong's Hang Seng is falt at 23,910.
Stocks and Shares
Coal India continues to attract investors as it stands to benefit most from the coal block verdict. It is trading with a gain of 1.2%.
GAIL is up on expectations that subsidy burden for the gas supplier would come down along with the hike in gas price
Defensive buying has firmed the postion of certain IT, FMCG and pharma companies and along with TMT these are the only sector in green.
TCS is trading with a gain of 2% while Infosys is gaining 1% though Wipro has turned flat wih 0.4% loss.
Cipla and Dr Reddy are up aound 1%.
All major names in the power sector are in red.
NTPC, TATA Power and BHEL are trading with losses of 1% to 2%.
Reliance Industries and ONGC were down 2% each after the government deferred its decision on gas pricing till November 15.
State-owned banks were under pressure on account of quality assets concerns on account of their advances to companies whose coal block allocations have been cancelled. SBI, Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, PNB and Canara Bank were down 3-6% each.
In the metal pack, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite down 1-3%.
Negative fallout of coal block verdict has kept Jindal Steel under pressure. It is trading with a loss of 4%.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures slipped over 13% to Rs 12.10 after the company called off its latest discussions with Anil Ambani-owned Reliance Power to sell off its hydro power portfolio.

Has the land value taxs moment finally come© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c92e084a-4300-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beijing needs to talk to the UighursHow Adam Smith Can Change Your Life: by Russ Roberts
What we’re writing about
Afghanistan Barack Obama China Chinese economy climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media monetary policy Pakistan Russia Scotland Syria Uighurs UK Ukraine US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

China considering replacing central bank hea...China considering replacing central bank head: Reports
By Reuters | 25 Sep, 2014, 10.54AM IST
0
Share More
Chinese central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan, an advocate of pro-market financial reforms, may lose his job in a reshuffling.
ET SPECIAL:
Chinese central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan , an advocate of pro-market financial reforms, may lose his job in a reshuffling that follows internal battles over overhauling the economy, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
President Xi Jinping is considering replacing Zhou, the paper reported, quoting officials with knowledge of the plans.
The top contender to head the People's Bank of China (PBOC) is Guo Shuqing , a former banker and securities regulator who is currently governor of eastern Shandong province, the paper said.
Xi wants more allies in top government, military and Communist Party positions, and personnel changes were expected around a major party meeting next month, the newspaper said.
It added that no final decision has been made about the central bank post.
In a statement to the Wall Street Journal, the PBOC said Zhou, 66, would not be stepping down soon.
When asked by Reuters on Thursday whether Zhou was leaving the central bank, the PBOC said: "There is no such thing." In response, a spokeswoman for Dow Jones & Co., which publishes the Wall Street Journal, said it stood by its story.
Zhou, who has led the central bank for the world's second-largest economy since 2002, has been the architect of broad financial reforms that have spawned fledgling capital markets , liberalized some interest rates and broken the peg between China's yuan and the US dollar.
Christian Lundblad, professor of finance at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, said if Zhou left it would increase uncertainty about whether China wanted to slow the pace of reforms designed to open the economy.
"If this means they are going to be moving away from that in the face of concerns about a slowdown (in economic growth), I'm disappointed," he said.
Zhou was reappointed as the PBOC chief in March 2013, although he had already reached the normal retirement age of 65 for cabinet-ranked Chinese officials.
ECONOMY STUMBLES
China's economy has stumbled in recent months and is at risk of falling short of the government's 7.5 per cent growth target, raising investor expectations that policymakers would further loosen fiscal and monetary policy to stoke growth.
However, senior leaders, including Premier Li Keqiang , have publicly ruled out any dramatic policy easing, saying China cannot always depend on easy credit to lift its economy. Instead, he said authorities would only make "targeted" adjustments in the economy as needed.
Page 1 of 2

CCI order clears road for generic car parts ...Generic parts sold by traders in places like old Delhi's Kashmere Gate market account for about a sixth of India's $6.6 billion after-sales components sector.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Thousands of tiny shops in India's biggest auto components market do brisk business selling a bewildering array of spare parts for about a third of the official price charged by the likes of Toyota Motor Co or Volkswagen AG.
Generic parts sold by traders in places like old Delhi's Kashmere Gate market account for about a sixth of India's $6.6 billion after-sales components sector, IHS Automotive estimates, but a recent move by regulators could boost that share.
Just as India has become a global hub for the manufacture of cheaper copycat medicines, the Competition Commission's ruling last month requiring car makers to supply parts more widely could encourage the production and sale of non-certified generic components in the world's sixth largest auto market.
"We have the ability to make good quality products, we have our techniques and this is our chance to prove it," said trader Umesh Seth, sitting in a poky store where hundreds of sheet metal parts wrapped in transparent plastic are piled on racks. "It is about time we get an equal opportunity."
The Competition Commission's ruling has irked auto majors, who argue that a proliferation of cheap copycat components will undermine the safety and reputation of their brands.
In developed markets such as Europe or North America, sundry spares like oil filters, spark plugs or shock absorbers are available from a variety of suppliers, keeping competition keen.
But in markets such as China and India, global car makers have maintained tighter control over the supply and price of spares, selling them through a limited network of vendors.
While car makers and their authorised dealers cite safety as the main reason, this practice has also allowed them to protect hefty margins on parts and repairs, while inflating the cost of car ownership for consumers.
Regulators are now ending all that and the crackdown in India follows a wider, ongoing probe in China where some part makers are being investigated for colluding to keep prices high.
"I would like it if there is competition for the car companies," said Nirav Savla, a 29-year-old businessman from Mumbai who drives a Toyota Innova. "For small parts, I do not need to go to them."
SAFETY HAZARD
In the Kashmere Gate market, a maze of lanes and alleyways lined with men loading handcarts with spares tightly packed in sacks, a generic set of headlights for Hyundai Motor Co's
Santro hatchback costs 1,500 rupees ($24.65), less than half the price of the manufacturers' original.
"There are all kinds of customers and we have something for every pocket," said a maker of generic bearings used in commercial vehicles. "They are smart enough to know which local parts are good quality and which ones are not."
Some car makers argue that generic parts are often made with inferior quality materials, undermining performance and making them potentially hazardous, and there is need for safety standards for generics in the after-market before it is opened.
"Blindly following the West in one aspect without plugging the other gaps is not the solution," said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice president sales and marketing at Honda Motor Co's Indian unit, one of 14 car makers fined a total of $420 million.
Besides the penalty in August, the anti-trust regulator also directed car makers - including Honda, Ford Motor Co, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd and Tata Motors Ltd - to start providing spare parts more widely.
Some of the companies have decided to challenge the order.
Page 1 of 2

BJP-Shiv Sena alliance on the brink  final decision likely by Thursday evening20
0
Mumbai: After days of meetings and talks over seat sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections, the grand old Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena alliance, the Mahayuti, now seems to be on the brink. Sources say that a final decision is likely by Thursday evening.
These developments come after BJP President Amit Shah cancelled his Mumbai visit yet again on Thursday even as a late night meeting between the BJP and Shiv Sena failed to reach any solution. Sources say that a new proposal was discussed in which the Sena will contest 148 seats, and three seats will be contested by the alliance partners on Sena symbol while the BJP will contest 127 seats and 13 will be given to the smaller parties.
Sources say that the BJP had accepted this proposal, but is now demanding exchange of seats. Sources say teh BJP has demanded seats in areas like Panvel where the party has little presence.
Amit Shah cancelled his Mumbai visit yet again on Thursday even as late night talks between the BJP and Shiv Sena failed.
#shiv sena #bharatiya janata party #bjp #maharashtra assembly elections 2014
The Sena leaders, however, say that it would be difficult to exchange seats at the last moment. According to sources, they also say that the BJP never raised this issue in the earlier meetings but only on Thursday night.
The smaller parties in the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance had issued an ultimatum of Thursday, 11 am to resolve the seat sharing issue. They were unhappy with the proposal of giving only seven seats to the smaller parties.
The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana have rejected the Sena's offer of seven seats to them and threatened to release their list of candidates. They are demanding 18 seats.
Earlier, the Sena had proposed 151 seats for itself and 130 for the BJP.
3

Turkey may do more against Islamic State  but how much uncertainTurkey may do more against Islamic State  but how much uncertain
BSE Sensex edges lower in cautious trade as PM launches  Make in India  campaignE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian bourses can help raise $150 bn capital every yr: Bombay Stock ExchangeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Investors see Mars Orbiter Mission  Mangalyaan  success as India growth story modelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India Inc welcomes Modi s  Make in India  campaignIndia Inc welcomes Modi's 'Make in India' campaign
Nivedita Mookerji | New Delhi Sep 25, 2014 12:16 PM IST
Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani, committing himself to PM Narendra Modi's 'Make In India' project, on Thursday said the long term GDP growth potential of india is eight to ten percent and that India is poised on high growth trajectory. 
 
Ambani said 'Make in India'is a coinage typical of "narendra bhai modiji".  It is about present and future, and not past as described by "made in India". 
 
"You have inspired the  whole india to dream and do", Ambani said. 
 
Referring to the Mars orbiter success, he said the cost of the project comes to an amazing rs 7 per km, less than travelling in an autorickshaw. 
 
The PMs interactions with Japan and China and now anticipation of the US visit has created a positive environment, according to ambani. 
 
RILs Rs 80000 crore investment will come to fruition in next 12 to 15 months, he said, adding the group will create over hundred thousand jobs in that period.
 
Speaking at the event, ICICI MD & CEO Chanda Kocchar said that the government needs to focus on the ease of doing business. They have to be simple, quick and transparent. 
 
Tata Group Chairman Cyrus Mistry emphasised that the biggest challenge for India is to create employment for over 12 million people entering the workforce. Appreciating the Modi government, Mistry said that in the last few months, govt has taken decisions to skill improvement, reversing inverted tax structures and GST

Dollar moves up to fresh 4-year highUS stocks slide as Apple takes a beating
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12f21cb4-445f-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Review: BlackBerrys square smartphoneFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Can the companys big play to regain the trust of the office worker succeed© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ad32a32-4411-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Professional narcissists  four reasons language trips them upAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

Mangalyaan success  seen as India growth story model | People who played key roleeconomy
(The investor community…)
NEW YORK: As US businessmen and investors await Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit, the investor community and the industry leaders on Thursday said the success of 'Mangalyaan' goes on to prove India's growth story based on 'frugal innovations'.
Debating the investment scenario in the country during an India Investment Forum conference, a group of industry leaders from India said it was a vast and complex country but one that presented huge growth opportunities if right reform decisions got implemented in time.
They also expressed optimism that the new government, led by Modi, would fast-track the reform process and remove the red tape and other concerns that investors have about India.
"The Mars landing story signifies two things. One is that it proves the frugal innovation and indigenous innovation concept that is at the core of India growth story and then this mission has become successful after 30 years of efforts and that too at a cost much lower than the similar missions of NASA," Aditya Birla group's president and chief economist Ajit Ranade said.
Full coverage: ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission
With the success of its Mars Mission 'Mangalyaan', India became the first country to succeed in the very first attempt.
At the conference organised by Institutional Investor Forums, leading stock exchange BSE's Chief Executive Officer Ashishkumar Chauhan said that India was very complex, but it had many advantages to its credit including its young population.
"One large investor told me here that earlier he was looking at two countries -- Brazil and India -- for investments, but now he has zeroed in on India after the new government got such a huge mandate and things were not looking that great in the South American country," Chauhan said.
The BSE CEO also said that the capital markets segment was making great strides in India and it is not just a place for trading for the sake of trading but also an avenue for capital formation.
Talking about the new government, Chauhan said there have not been any radical steps so far in the first four months but he was hopeful that "it will work towards making India a much better place to invest and do business."
Anil Bhandari, Senior Vice President (Investments) at Morgan Stanley, said there were great expectations among the investors from the new government and the reform process should pick momentum soon.
He also flagged a concern among the international investors about cases of insider trading in India, to which BSE CEO said that the new regulations, including those under the Companies Act, 2013, and those prescribed by Sebi, has strengthened the framework to tackle such concerns.
Birla group's Ranade said the annual economic growth rate in India was expected at 6-6.5 per cent in the near term and the single-biggest concern remains inflation.
He also lauded the reform measures initiated by the new government including the Judicial Commission, Jan Dhan Yojana to give bank accounts to everyone and the proposed replacement of Planning Commission with a new body. He said these measures would have long-term implications.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aus approves outback rail plan for Adani s c...Australia approves outback rail plan for Adani's coal mine
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 03.37PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(India is home to the world's…)
MELBOURNE: Indian conglomerate Adani Mining today won Australian government's approval to build a whopping $1.94 billion rail line for its Carmichael coal mine project, a "significant milestone" in the company's operations here.
Queensland state's Coordinator General last month had cleared the way for the Aus dollars 2.2 billion ($1.94) 300-km rail line called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
The 16.5 billion Australian dollars ($15 billion) coal project is expected to provide electricity for up to 100 million people in India. The rail line will enable transportation of 100 million tonnes of coal annually.
After last month's clearance, the Australian subsidiary of Adani Enterprises needed the approval of Environment Minister Greg Hunt to proceed with the rail line.
The conglomerate, in a statmeent, today said it has received the final nod for its significant investments in mining and infrastructure in Queensland.
"Following on from the Commonwealth Government's approval of the Carmichael mine, as well as the Queensland Coordinator General's approval of the North Galilee Basin Rail Project (NGBR) in August, Adani welcomes today's announcement of the approval by Environment Minister Greg Hunt of the NGBR," the company said.
The development follows July's announcement by Adani of Korean giant POSCO E&C as the EPC contractor and joint venture partner on the NGBR and the company's agreement in August to acquire Linc's interest in royalties at the Carmichael mine.
Adani said these important milestones all underlined the growing confidence in the project as the shift from the approvals phase to the build phase continues.
Welcoming today's approval for the rail project, Adani Mining CEO and Country Head Jeyakumar Janakaraj said "Today's approval is a significant milestone in the life of our integrated mine, rail and port project, helping transition from approvals to the build phase."
"The minister's detailed consideration of our rail plan and subsequent approval, together with the work done by Deputy Premier Seeney, has ensured Adani is well placed to progress its long term future with Queensland," Janakaraj said.
"Our long term future with Queensland will mean more than 10,000 jobs, $22 billion in taxes and royalties to the state, and by helping deliver energy security, will light the lives of millions of Indians," he said.
NGBR represents a significant milestone for infrastructure development in Queensland, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 5 stocks that may fuel market rally | Metals crack upto 18% after SC verdictYou are here: Home > Collections > Ubs
Few stocks may take market rally ahead, says UBS
ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 02.57PM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(The BSE Midcap Index…)
Mid-and small-cap shares cracked under selling pressure as investors feared valuations of many of them were stretched after the rally since mid-February.
The BSE Midcap Index fell 1.2% and Smallcap dropped 1.6% on Wednesday even as the benchmark indices — the Sensex and the Nifty — made attempts to rebound. Analysts said, however, this would not be the end of the dream run in mid- and small-cap shares though rallies will be a lot more selective.
Brokerage UBS has downgraded many midcaps in the last few months because of the jump in valuations. But, it remains optimistic about the prospects of a few that could have some more steam left in them.
Top five small and mid-cap picks by UBS
FEATURED ARTICLES

BlackBerry struggles for a comeback  releases PassportShares of BlackBerry rose 12 cents to $10.69 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq.
Associated Press | Toronto | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:15 pm
Hoping for a comeback, embattled Canadian company BlackBerry has launched a new smartphone.
Chief executive John Chen on Wednesday unveiled a large-screen, square sized phone called the Passport to a Toronto audience. London  and Dubai also hosted launch events. No event was held in the U. S. where analysts say there is little demand or carrier interest.
BlackBerry has increasingly lost relevance as a smartphone company in the years since the 2007 launch of Apple’s touchscreen iPhone and the 2008 introduction of Google-powered Android phones.
Chen, who took over as CEO last fall after failed attempt to sell the once-iconic company, said the new phone was in the works before he joined BlackBerry and joked that he can only take credit for not killing it.
He said he’s determined to win back market share in Canada and had hockey-great Wayne Gretzky give a brief speech in support of BlackBerry.
“The reason why we’re here is to really try to get the Canadian people to rally behind us,” Chen said. “I need that help, badly.”
The Passport is the size of a passport and has a square screen that measures 4.5 inches. It has a touch screen and a physical keyboard, something traditional BlackBerry business users prefer.
Chen said the Passport will be available in the U.S. via A&T on an exclusive basis by the end of the year. It is also available for $599 for a limited time through Amazon. He said he expects to release a more popular phone called the “Classic” later this year.
The BlackBerry smartphone, pioneered in 1999, changed the culture by allowing on-the-go business people to access wireless email. Then came a new generation of competing smartphones, and suddenly the BlackBerry looked ancient. Apple first showed that phones can handle much more than email and phone calls with its iPhone. BlackBerry has been hammered by the competition.
Since being named chief executive 10 months ago, Chen has been putting more emphasis on BlackBerry’s mobile device management business, a collection of software that allows IT departments to manage different devices connected to their corporate networks. He has also emphasized BlackBerry’s popular BlackBerry Messenger application that is now also available on Apple and Android devices. And he’s tried to highlight Blackberry’s embedded QNX software systems, which are used in-vehicle infotainment systems and industrial machines.
BGC analyst Colin Gillis said the Passport is not critical to BlackBerry’s survival because the company doesn’t need to sell many to make money on them. Gillis said while the square shape is odd, past attempts to compete with Apple and Android with similar looking devices failed.
“It has a physical keyboard and a big screen. There might be some professionals who value that. Is it a little odd looking? Yes,” Gillis said.
Shares of BlackBerry rose 12 cents to $10.69 in afternoon trading on continued…

Sensex @ 32500 in 15 months: Poll | Sensex slips 150 points; top betsIndian shares have soared more than 25 per cent so far this year on anticipation and follow-through after a landslide election of a new government in May.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Indian shares will jump to new record highs over the next year and beyond as a brighter economic outlook will attract foreign investment even if the US Federal Reserve tightens policy, a Reuters poll predicted.
India's benchmark BSE Sensex ,, which closed Wednesday at 26,744.69 points, will gain nearly 5 per cent more to reach 28,000 by the end of this year and scale 30,750 by the middle of 2015, according to the consensus view of 18 analysts polled in the past week.
The Sensex then is expected to touch 32,500 by the end of 2015, a 22 per cent gain from Wednesday. If realised, that would probably make it one of the best performing global equity markets , certainly better than its peers in emerging markets.
Indian shares have soared more than 25 per cent so far this year on anticipation and follow-through after a landslide election of a new government in May, the first majority government in New Delhi for three decades.
That compares with a roughly 10 per cent rise in Brazil and Shanghai shares over the same period.
Foreign investors pumped over 762 billion rupees ($12.5 billion) into Indian shares between March and August, nearly six times what they invested during the same period last year.
Only 6 of 18 analysts who answered an additional question said a US Fed interest rate hike, expected in the second quarter of next year, would draw those foreign investors away from the Indian market.
India's economy grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter from a year earlier, the fastest in over two years. That is well ahead of growth in the US and the pace expected in many other comparable emerging markets.
"The fundamentals for India are improving. Consumption is gradually picking up, confidence is improving," said Ravi Muthukrishnan Co-Head Research at ICICI Securities .
Inflation has also slowed, which will give the Reserve Bank of India room to cut interest rates in the second quarter of next year, according to a separate Reuters poll published this week.
"Inflation is within the RBI's comfort (zone) and when they start to bring interest rates down, that will be another leg up for the whole economy and markets," Neeraj Dhawan, director at Quantum Securities .
A majority of analysts said the Sensex has not already priced in expected economic reforms by the new government.
Since taking over in May, the government has only made minor reforms such as loosening the cap on foreign investment into railway infrastructure and defence manufacturing, but tax reforms have yet to be decided.
"I expect fresh reform such as goods and service tax implementation, and opening of FDI into other avenues to be triggers that will take the Sensex higher next year," said CA Rudramurthy, Research Head at Vachana Securities .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Live: Look East and link West  says PM Modi ahead of US visitLook East, Link West, says PM Modi at Make in India launch
Gaurav Choudhury , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 10:23 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:10 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his 'Make in India' programme on Thursday, ahead of his maiden visit to the US, rolling out the red carpet to investors through a string of measures including easier norms and rules aimed at transforming India into a manufacturing hub.
The Make in India programme, first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month, will lay emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement.
Catch all the live updates of the high-voltage launch here and know about the scheme.
Highlights of the Make in India campaign launch
 
What is the Make in India initiative?
It is PM Modi's signature initiative to urge companies - local and foreign - to invest in India.
What does the initiative contain?
It contains a raft of proposals designed to get foreign companies to set up shop and make the country a manufacturing powerhouse.
How was the initiative launched?
The 'Make in India' programme was first mooted by the PM in his Independence Day speech last month. On Thursday he will launch it during an event at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi that will be beamed live not just across the country but to gatherings of industrialists across the world.
What are the initiative's focus sectors?
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
What about easing of foreign investment rules?
As part of the plan, foreign investment caps in construction will be eased to enable greater participation in the NDA government's 100 smart cities project and affordable housing. FDI caps in railways and defence production have already been eased to 100% and 49%, respectively.
Why is there a need to focus on manufacturing sector?
The government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to China as costs and risks there rise. The objective is also to ensure solid growth and employment creation. During 2005-12 India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
How does the government plan to ease doing of business in India?
# Global investors have been unsparing in their criticism about complex rules and bureaucratic red tape that delay investment decisions.
# India ranks a lowly 134 out of 189 countries in the World Bank’s ease of doing business index in 2014. It slipped three places from its 2013 rank.
# The government has set up an investor facilitation cell Invest India, which  will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances.
# All central government services are being integrated with an e-Biz single window online portal.
# States have been advised to introduce self-certification.
# The ministry of home affairs have been asked to give all security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
# A dedicated cell has been created to answer queries from business entities through a newly created web portal ( http://www.makeinindia.com ). The portal will go live on September 25.
# While an exhaustive set of FAQs on this portal will help investors find instant answers to their general queries, the back-end support team of the cell would answer specific queries within 72 hours.
# A pro-active approach will be deployed to track visitors for their geographical location, interest and real time user behaviour.
# Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on the information collected.
# Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter.
# The investor facilitation cell will provide assistance to foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure.
# The initiative will also target top companies across sectors in identified countries.
# A vast number of defence items have been de-licensed.
# The validity of industrial license has been extended to three years.
# With a view to providing flexibility in working hours and increased intake of apprentices for on the job training, the government has decided to amend a number of labour laws.
# The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December.
# An advisory has been sent to all departments/state governments to simplify and rationalise regulatory environment which includes online filing of all returns in a unified form.
# There would be no inspection without the approval of the head of the department, etc.

Coal verdict: Investors wait for policy cues from govtComments
Domestic companies and global investors are waiting for cues from the government on the timeline and rules for pricing and allotting coal mines that the Supreme Court cancelled in a landmark judgement on Wednesday.
Supreme Court on Wednesday announced the verdict on the coal block allocations, which were earlier found 'illegal'. (AFP Photo)
Of the total 218 blocks, only four have been spared — one  each of SAIL and NTPC, and two belonging to Reliance Power-owned Sasan Power Ltd.
Analysts also said that there could be a sharp jump in India’s coal imports in the short-term that the apex court’s decision also affects the 46 operational blocks.
  Read: Supreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
“In the event of complete de-allocation of the coal blocks, the import bill of India would jump by $3 billion,” broking and research firm Macquarie said in a recent report.
Domestic industry leaders said that the court’s ruling will likely usher in transparency, but cautioned that it could hurt sentiments and business climate if the government doesn’t quickly frame new rules and carry out the bids.
“I’m sure the government has a back-up plan as to how to accomodate the mines that have been deallocated,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman, Hindalco.
Tata Group firm Tata Power said in a statement, “Tata Power would study the order... the company looks forward to opportunities of having a new, legally enforceable framework, by which coal blocks could be awarded, perhaps at an early time.”
FICCI president Sidharth Birla hoped that the apex court’s decision would act as a precursor to a review of the “coal sector policy, paving way for full-fledged coal reforms.”
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The cancellation of coal blocks involves significant investments and will impact the economy, therefore a quick response from the government will help allay the apprehensions,” he added.
Arresting the potential erosion in investor confidence is critical to sustain the momentum that the Indian economy was showing in clawing out of its deepest slump in 25 years.
India’s gross domestic product — the total value of goods and services produced in the country — grew at 5.7% during April-June 2014, from 4.6% in the previous quarter, signalling a major jump of sub-5% growth in the last two years. Wholesale inflation rate plunged to a five-year low of 3.74% in August, prompting industry leaders to pitch for lower borrowing costs to assist investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
 

Coalgate verdict: Background  implications and road aheadSep 25, 2014, 01.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coalgate verdict: Background, implications and road ahead
The apex court has passed a verdict that will ensure minimal disturbance to the economy while ensuring that justice has been delivered.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coalgate verdict: Background, implications and road ahead
The apex court has passed a verdict that will ensure minimal disturbance to the economy while ensuring that justice has been delivered.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court termed all coal blocks allocated by the government between 1993 and 2011 as “arbitrary and illegal”. Over the course of nearly 20 years, these 218 blocks had been handed over to a host of state-run as well as private companies.
Background of the case
In the absence of a quick scale-up in coal production by state-run miner Coal India, starting from 1993, the government started allocating coal blocks to several companies who could then use the mineral for several end purposes such as producing power, steel or cement.
Between 1993 and 2011, coal blocks with reserves of about 43 billion tonne were allocated to a whole host of companies at a nominal cost on a first-come-first-serve basis, instead of being given away by using a competitive bidding process.
In its draft report in March 2012, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) criticized the decision and said that if 90 percent of the 43 billion ground reserves of coal were to be mined, it would result in windfall gains of Rs 10.67 lakh crore . (The math: companies would make profits of Rs 322 per tonne – Rs 1100 sale price minus Rs 750 odd manufacturing cost -- multiplied by 33 billion tonne in reserves.)
In its final report, the CAG scaled down the loss presumption to Rs 1.76 lakh crore, after taking into account that only about 6 billion tonne was extractable (after adjusting for losses in washing, etc, during extraction) and scaling down the per-tonne windfall gain to a more conservative Rs 295.
However, the fact that only about 300 million tonne coal had actually been mined in all these years from 40 operational blocks, the then UPA government criticized the CAG’s loss figure as exaggerated and sensationalist. (Former finance minister P Chidambaram famously asked: “if the coal has not been mined, where is the loss?”)
Yesterday, the Supreme Court decided to cancel all allocations from March 2015 onwards, after which the blocks would be taken over by  Coal India till such time as a fresh auction is initiated, and using the CAG’s assumption, slapped a fine of Rs 295 for every tonne of coal mined till now from these blocks.
According to estimates, the industry will have to pay penalties of about Rs 10,500 crore (Rs 295 per tonne multiplied by 350 million tonne that is expected to have been cumulatively produced by March 2015), with  Jindal Steel & Power and  Hindalco bearing slightly less than half of it.
Implications
A pertinent question that the apex court faced while making the decision was the broader implications on the economy.
If the court had decided to cancel allocations on an immediate basis, there could have been severe disruptions for several sectors such as power, which is already facing an acute shortage of coal.
By ensuring that mining activity could go on till March 2015 by which time Coal India gets adequate time to prepare for a takeover, the court has ensured a seamless transition while maintaining minimal disruptions to key sectors such as power.
There was also the risk that an immediate cancellation could impact the number of power, steel and cement projects that depend on these mines and in which companies had invested a total of Rs 2.86 lakh crore thus far over the years. That risk has been kept to a minimum.
Any delays in these projects could have triggered defaults for a banking sector that is already reeling under its worst NPA crisis in years.
Road ahead
The next question is how soon can the government auction all of the 214 blocks that have been cancelled.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18, former coal secretary PC Parakh said the process could conclude in as little as the next six months even as the incumbent government has expressed its preparedness in executing a fresh, transparent auction process soon.
What remains to be seen, however, is how eager will companies be in making a fresh bid for the auction – considering that there are already concerns that many of the blocks allocated contained inferior quality coal compared to mines operated by Coal India.
Thankfully, the coal auction process, whenever it gets under way, is not expected to prove to be a dud on the lines of the telecom auction (where 122 licences cancelled by the SC, on the assumption of a similar Rs 1.76 lakh crore loss, were sold in an auction for a mere Rs 10,000 crore) where the erstwhile UPA government was said to have done its best to make the sale unsuccessful by setting an unrealistically high reserve price, only to make a point.
“This is simply because there has been a change of guard, and the leadership of the Bharatiya Janata Party is under the gun for the coal scam,” Scroll wrote in an editorial .
“It helps, of course, that the economy appears to be in a better place and that demand for coal, unlike spectrum, is nowhere close to being on the wane.”
Coal India stock price
On November 21, 2014, Coal India closed at Rs 347.10, up Rs 0.35, or 0.10 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 423.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 240.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 21.06 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.48. The latest book value of the company is Rs 26.04 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 13.33.
RELATED NEWS

Narendra Modi wishes people on the occasion of NavratriSep 25, 2014 at 12:26pm IST
Narendra Modi wishes people on the occasion of Navratri
5
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday greeted people on the occasion of the holy period of Navratri, saying may Maa Jagdamba keep inspiring us to serve the poorest of the poor.
"As the auspicious festival of Navratri begins, I convey my warm greetings to everyone. We bow to Maa Jagdamba and seek her blessings. May Maa Jagdamba enrich our lives with strength, well-being, good health and may she keep inspiring us to serve the poorest of the poor," the Prime Minister said in his message.
The holy period of Navratri commences today and will conclude on October 2.
The holy period of Navratri commences today and will conclude on October 2.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Mangalyaan clicks and sends the first image of MarsSep 25, 2014 at  12:19pm IST
Mangalyaan clicks and sends the first image of Mars
76
2
New Delhi: India's Mars Orbiter Mission Mangalyaan has released the first picture of the red planet after successfully entering into the Martian orbit on Wednesday.
The official Twitter handle of ISRO's Mars Orbiter uploaded a picture of our neighbouring red planet with the caption, "the view is nice up here," on Thursday.
The spacecraft is now circling Mars in an orbit whose nearest point to the planet is at 421.7 km.
The official Twitter handle of ISRO's Mars Orbiter uploaded a picture of our neighbouring red planet with the caption, "the view is nice up here," on Thursday.
#isro #mangalyaan #mars #picture
On Wednesday, Twitterati enjoyed a fun exchange of tweets between NASA's Curiosity Rover and ISRO's Mars Orbiter. While Curiosity welcomed Mars Orbiter with a, "Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit", Mars Orbiter responded with a, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
With the successful Mars Orbit Insertion operation, ISRO has become the fourth space agency to successfully send a spacecraft to the Mars orbit. In the coming weeks, the spacecraft will be thoroughly tested in the Mars orbit with a subsequent systematic observation of the red planet using its five scientific instruments would begin.
Hailing ISRO scientists for this stupendous achievement, Prime Minister Narendra Modi who was present to witness the moment, said- "I congratulate all ISRO scientists and all Indians on this historic occasion. History has been created today. We have dared to reach out to the unknown."
The view is nice up here. pic.twitter.com/VmAjNI76lm
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 25, 2014
Namaste, @MarsOrbiter ! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit.
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
1610

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionIS refineries hit  Modis US visit  Harvards $36B man  mammoth auctionSeptember 25, 2014
What to watch for today
Narendra Modi’s US roadshow. India’s prime minister will be visiting New York and Washington for the first time, though politics won’t be the only thing on the agenda: He also wants Coke and Pepsi to start putting fruit juice in their soda.
Whatever happened to Kim Jong-un? North Korea’s dictator  hasn’t been seen in public for three weeks. The South Korean government is paying close attention to today’s session of the North’s parliament, which the Dear Leader has always attended.
Muscle-flexing in the South China Sea. The navies of Japan and the Philippines are scheduled to hold drills off the latter’s Palawan province in order to increase “maritime situational awareness.” A Philippines spokesman said  this “has nothing to do” with ongoing territorial disputes, but China might see things differently.
Mario Draghi checks up on the euro zone’s next member. The president of the European Central Bank  visits Vilnius  to attend a conference about the euro, which Lithuania is set to adopt in January.
Nike tries to live up to the hype. Rising demand from emerging markets, huge marketing campaigns, and new fashion lines are getting investors excited about higher profits. Analysts expect first-quarter earnings per share to rise to 88 cents , from 86 cents a year earlier.
While you were sleeping
Obama hit the Islamic State where it hurts… US warplanes launched airstrikes targeting small IS oil refineries in Syria, an attempt to cut off some of the $2 million in daily oil sales that the extremist group uses to fund its operations. Despite the bombings, IS conquered  new territory in a Kurdish area in northern Syria , near the Turkish border.
…As IS-linked militants beheaded a French hostage. Herve Gourdel was kidnapped by Algerian militants on Sunday in retaliation for France’s involvement in air strikes on Syria. French president François Hollande confirmed the killing , and stated that the “operations against Islamic State will continue.”
The bubble popped for Chinese iPhone smugglers… Apple’s new smartphone hasn’t been released yet in the mainland, which sent the gray market price surging to almost $1,500 over the weekend . But a glut of supply from Hong Kong has since driven prices down to about $980 , hurting smugglers who had stockpiled the devices ; the same model costs HK$5,588 ($720) in Hong Kong’s Apple store.
…As Apple recalled an iOS 8 update. A new version of the iPhone software was meant to fix a series of bugs from the iPhone 6 launch, but ended up creating more problems. Before Apple pulled the update, it caused some iPhones to lose cellular phone service  and access to the devices’ fingerprint scanners.
Harvard named a new $36 billion man. The university named Stephen Blyth, head of public markets at the school’s investment company, as the new head of the world’s largest endowment . The fund, which plans to increase its exposure to private equity and real estate in 2015, posted a return of 15.4% in fiscal 2014—the kind of outsized gains that have led some to call for the end of Harvard’s non-profit status .
China’s central bank may soon have a new boss. Zhou Xiaochuan has been in charge of the People’s Bank of China since 2002, making the 66-year-old the longest-serving chief of the world’s soon-to-be largest economy . Rumors say he’ll be replaced (paywall) as early as next month by Guo Shuqing, an ex-banker turned governor of Shandong provence. Chinese officials are required to retire at 65.
Quartz obsession interlude
Gwynn Guilford on why more paternity leave is what economies—and mothers—really need. “The secret to keeping mothers in the workforce lies not in giving them more time off, but in getting more fathers to stay at home instead. And that, it turns out, depends to a large extent on getting rid of the pay gap that exists between men and women almost everywhere.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
America needs to start nation-building in Syria immediately. Otherwise it could  suffer the same problems  as in Iraq.
Ubiquitous porn doesn’t only affect teenagers. Even folks in their 40s are starting to behave differently  due to the glut of free smut.
Let’s stop calling Asia “Asia.” It’s a Western construct that lumps together a diverse set of cultures .
Millennials are the best employees. Because of inexperience, they’ll  put up with a lot of stuff that older hires won’t.
BlackBerry’s new square phone is weird, but wonderful. It might not turn the company around, but it does things no other smartphone can .
Surprising discoveries
Winnie the Pooh was a real bear. She was brought to the London Zoo by a US soldier and spotted by Christopher Robin Milne, son of the book’s author.
India’s Mars mission was cheaper than Gravity. It cost just $74 million  to send the Mangalyaan spacecraft to Mars, versus $100 million to show Sandra Bullock in Earth orbit.
Buying votes with drugs—what could go wrong? A Texas school board election worker is charged with offering voters  $10 worth of cocaine .
Seattle wants you to eat your leftovers. It will fine households if more than 10% of garbage is compostable—albeit only $1 the first time .
There’s a complete woolly mammoth skeleton for sale. In case you have £250,000 to spare and a living room with very high ceilings.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, real-life Eeyores, and mammoth tusks to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

BCCI to discuss future of India s support staffTweet
0
In the spotlight - Ravi ShastriThe working committee of the BCCI will meet after more than five months in Chennai on Friday and it is expected to make decisions relating to its administrative future and the national team. While N Srinivasan, the sidelined BCCI president, will not attend the meeting following a court directive, his influence could be visible in most of the major decisions that will be taken in the meeting.
The decisions pertain to:
The future of the Indian team's support staff
The Indian team's support staff, leading up to the World Cup, is likely to be finalised at this meeting. Mid-way through the England tour, Ravi Shastri was roped in as team director and three Indian coaches - Sanjay Bangar (assistant coach), B Arun (assistant coach) and R Sridhar (fielding coach) - were added to the support staff. Head coach Duncan Fletcher remained in charge of the team but bowling coach Joe Dawes and fielding coach Trevor Penney were sent "on vacation".
The central decision here is whether Shastri will remain in charge of the team as the roles of the other support-staff members are now as good as established. It is believed that Shastri is wary of continuing in the role he assumed for the limited-overs series in England due to his media commitments to multiple broadcasters and publications for India's tour to Australia and the World Cup. If he accepts the Indian team position, he will not be able to carry out any of these commitments.
It is understood that the BCCI hierarchy, through the board secretary Sanjay Patel, has told Shastri that he will be compensated adequately for his services and he can continue working as a media professional during the home series against West Indies. However, the BCCI is keen to have Shastri in the dressing room during the tour to Australia and the World Cup.
ESPNcricinfo understands that Shastri has told the BCCI he will take a call after discussing the issue in detail with the media organisations he has agreed to work for. Shastri is expected to reply before Friday's working committee and the Indian team's support staff for the World Cup could accordingly be finalised.
Patel has confirmed that Dawes and Penney have been asked if they are "willing to work at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore" until their contract expires at the end of the next year's World Cup. Their reply will be discussed by the working committee, and a decision could be taken on whether to end their association with the BCCI prematurely.
The three additions to the support staff - Bangar, Arun and Sridhar - have been assured that their services will be required at least until the World Cup. Fletcher has also been given the same assurance. The India coach has faced flak following the team's dismal performance, especially in Tests, since he took over in June 2011. Despite the team's poor run, Fletcher's technical expertise and the World Cup's proximity could keep him in charge until the marquee event.
BCCI Annual General Meeting
As per its regulations, the BCCI has to convene its Annual General Meeting (AGM) every year before September 30 with a 21-day notice period. Since N Srinivasan, the elected BCCI president, was instructed to stand down by India's Supreme Court in April this year until investigations into the 2013 IPL corruption scandal were completed, the BCCI has not convened the AGM.
The election of office-bearers for the next three years and the finalisation of committees, including the selection panel, is held during the AGM and it is believed that Srinivasan's intention of continuing as BCCI president for one more term is one of the reasons for postponing the meeting. He even staged a reported show of strength when a majority of BCCI members attended an informal gathering in Chennai on September 7.
An official reason being offered for the deferment of the AGM, though not on record, is the confusion over whether court-appointed interim president Shivlal Yadav can sign the balance sheet, the annual budget and the annual report as the board president. Yadav, who is an elected vice-president, has been advised by experts to not sign the official documents in the presence of an elected president who has been restrained from discharging his statutory functions by a court. It is being argued that in the absence of a signed annual report by the president, the AGM cannot be held.
Interestingly, the BCCI rulebook does not specify whether the financial documents have to be signed by an elected president. Since there is no provision of an interim president in the BCCI constitution, Yadav is cautious of signing any important document that requires the president's signature.
It is also understood that Yadav is hesitant to convene the AGM due to a constitutional clause that the meeting has to be held before September 30, according to the president's convenience. According to Clause 16.1 of the BCCI's Memorandum and Rules and Regulations, "The Annual General Meeting of the Board shall be held every year, not later than 30th September at such place and time as the president may fix."
On Wednesday, Aditya Verma, the petitioner in the IPL corruption case, filed an interlocutory application in the Supreme Court of India, requesting the court to intervene and order the BCCI to convene its AGM immediately. The BCCI is expected to submit a reply to the court before the application's hearing on October 10.
As Srinivasan's future is expected to be decided in the first week of November based on Justice Mukul Mudgal committee's report, the BCCI is likely to seek the court's permission to wait until the committee's investigative report is submitted to the court. The board could arrive at this line of argument, at the meeting, for not conducting its AGM.
Domestic cricket-related matters
Issues around the Rajasthan Cricket Association and the Jammu & Kashmir Cricket Association are expected to be settled.
The Rajasthan Cricket Association had been suspended by the BCCI on May 6, following Lalit Modi's election as president. According to the BCCI regulations, any suspension ceases to exist after six months, so the disciplinary committee may be advised to speed up its proceedings against RCA. A disciplinary committee meeting last week was deferred due to the fresh objections raised by the RCA against the disciplinary committee, and these objections will be tabled before the working committee, after which a reply is likely to be formulated.
The working committee will also discuss a proposal to allow a team from four disputed states - Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Uttaranchal and Bihar - to be fielded under the BCCI banner for the domestic season so that most players from Rajasthan do not suffer due to the board's battle against the RCA. While the working committee may not have any problems in sanctioning such a team for age-group tournaments, the decision over a senior team would have to be taken more carefully. At the moment, the tournament regulations permit only full members of the BCCI to participate in the Ranji Trophy and the 50-overs Vijay Hazare Trophy.
Patel had announced last week that Jammu & Kashmir's home games in the domestic season would be played in Punjab after the state suffered devastating floods earlier this month. Since that announcement, however, JKCA secretary ML Nehru has informed the BCCI that the state association could host "most" of the matches at home. The working committee is, therefore, likely to confirm Punjab as a standby venue for J&K's games.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

PM says  FDI is First Develop India  launches  Make in IndiaModi launches 'Make in India' campaign
Yahoo India –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014
Print
Prime Minister Narendra Modi Thursday launched his pet "Make in India" campaign to put India prominently on the global manufacturing map and, in turn, facilitate the inflow of new technology and capital, while creating millions of jobs.
The ambitious scheme, that also puts in place the logistics and systems to address in a timely manner queries of potential investors, was unveiled along with a logo, a portal and brochures on 25 identified growth sectors before Who's Who of the corporate world from India and abroad at the Vigyan Bhavan conference complex here.
The event was watched live in several cities in India and abroad via video conferencing.
Laying out the red carpet before investors, the prime minister said: "After what we have done and what I hear from you, I don't think I need to assure you any further on 'Make in India'." He hoped industry across the globe will take his invite seriously.
He said he was saddened in the past to see scores of Indians leaving the country to seek opportunities elsewhere. People have lost faith in Indian manufacturing and themselves. "We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India," he said.
"A trust was broken -- that when a policy will be changed, when will the CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) come. This is what I heard from all you. The biggest issue is trust. Why don't we trust each other? I want to change that."
The prime minister said for him the term FDI for the domestic industry did not expand to "foreign direct investment" but "first develop India". "We have to create opportunities of employment. If the poor get jobs the purchasing power of families will increase."
Pointing to campaign logo, he said: "This is the step of a Lion... Make in India."
Recommend

Blog: Why the BJP should dump the Shiv SenaSeptember 24, 2014, 11:01 am IST Sriram Ramakrishnan in Yield Curve | India , Times View | ET
20
In India, like in any other place, political alliances endure because of personalities. This is a truism but worth repeating nevertheless and is especially important as we watch the shenanigans of the Sena-BJP before the Maharashtra electoral battle. The Sena-BJP alliance was forged in the 1980s when Lal Krishna Advani headed the BJP and Balasaheb Thackeray ruled unchallenged from Matoshree. The two hard core nationalists saw a lot of benefits in a tie-up. The Sena had a strong base in Mumbai, Thane, and could boost the BJP which was readying itself to play a major role at the centre.
To say that the alliance is at the crossroads is stating the obvious but what has also become increasingly obvious is that the alliance partners have almost reached the point of no return. Changing priorities, shifting demographics and a radically altered political landscape are making it extremely difficult for the Sena-BJP to function together as a cohesive political force. Media reports have portrayed it as a clash of egos but it is not just that. The differences between the two parties have widened especially after the Modi-led BJP set about transforming itself from a party of religious zealots and trigger-happy nationalists into a mature, inclusive, development-oriented modern party.
Gone are the days when parties could win power solely based on appeals to ethnic, religious and linguistic causes. Changing demographics means that every party now has to tailor and customise its message to appeal to a burgeoning young population. Women, who played a marginal or passive role in past elections are now becoming an increasingly important force. The BJP realised this a long time back and it could be said that the Modi’s emergence as a prime ministerial candidate was largely driven by the realisation that there was no other leader within the party who could appeal to this young generation. This is not the case with Sena. It continues to stick to the past, having anointed Balasaheb’s son Uddhav as the leader after the patriarch’s death. It continues to shun modernisation and change its ideology to better reflect the aspirations of new and young voters. The decimation of the old guard and tight control exercised by the family means that the Sena bench is practically non-existent.
Tuesday’s agreement, coming after weeks of hard-nosed and bitter haggling may help the alliance regain power (if it stands) but the fighting and the hand-wringing is one more example of how far the alliance partners have drifted apart.
I would actually argue that the BJP is better off without the Sena. This is because the larger issues and problems within the Sena cannot be ignored any longer. Its governance record is extremely patchy and the absence of top-quality leaders, an effective second-rung makes the party entirely dependant on the Thackerays. This was not a problem as long as the Sena was winning elections and attracting talent. Suresh Prabhu, one of the party’s brightest minds has been sidelined; so is Manohar Joshi, the first Sena-BJP chief minister. After the departure of Raj and the death of Balasaheb Thackeray, the party does not have a popular vote getter either.
There is another reason too. So far, the party has fared poorly in states where it is the junior partner in government. Just look at Punjab. States where it is the sole party in power have been different. Despite criticism and brickbats (some of which is probably well deserved), Shivraj Singh Chouhan and Raman Singh have provided reasonably effective governance. It can be said that the BJP often struggles to establish itself and is unable to control its ally in an alliance where it is the junior partner.
The problem with the Sena is that it has nothing to show for in terms of governance or achievements despite controlling the country’s biggest civic body for more than two decades. Mumbai as a city does not have a problem with basic services like water and electricity but infrastructure continues to be poor and the quality of roads is pathetic. The BMC collects a lot of taxes but very little flows back into city development.
In fact, the BMC example should be warning to all those who think that the BJP should stick with its alliance and that Sena could provide effective governance. The last thing the party of Modi wants is to be hobbled by a party disinterested in development in a large and important state like Maharashtra.
The third and the most important reason is this. The alliance has endured for so long largely because of Balasaheb and Advani. But as we look back at the last two-and-a-half decades, it is hard to miss the point that the alliance has overpromised and underperformed. It missed a great opportunity to make a mark at the state-level after the 1995 elections. Widespread corruption, an inept administration widely perceived as powerless and toothless drove voters into giving the reins of the state back to the Congress, five years after it lost power in the state for the second time since independence.
Of course, breaking with long-standing partner is difficult and could end in electoral tragedy if not handled well. Sometimes it is better to be discreet than valorous and the BJP probably realised that dumping the decades-old alliance partner this time around may well cost it the state, something it cannot afford after a string of bypoll defeats. That is a fair call to make.
But they should use this opportunity to build a support base in weaker regions of the state so that they are well prepared for a final break if and when it comes.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Venus Remedies to market pain reliever Trois in SingaporeHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Venus Remedies to market pain reliever ‘Trois’ in Singapore
PTI
Tweet
Chandigarh, Sept 25:  
Pharma major Venus Remedies will start selling its pain reliever ‘Trois’ in the Singapore market and is expecting revenue of US $ 10 million in the next three years.
The Panchkula-based company has got market authorisation and patent for this product from Singapore authorities, making it first such authorisation from any overseas country for Trois.
“We are expecting that Trois will be a US$ 10 million product in the next three years of its launch in Singapore as there is a huge potential for this product in this market,” company’s Chairman and Managing Director Pawan Chaudhary told PTI today.
The company is also in discussion with forging tie-ups with pharma companies for marketing Trois in Singapore, saying it is hoping to roll out this product in current fiscal in Singapore.
“We will try to launch this product by this year end,” he said.
“We are aggressively looking for partners for rolling out this product in Singapore. We are open to have 50:50 joint venture, out-licensing arrangement or profit sharing with the potential companies for marketing pain reliever product in Singapore,” he said.
Chaudhary said Singapore is a potential market for its pain reliever product.
“This is a great opportunity for us to capture a sizable share in this segment of the Singapore pharma market. Trois has a huge potential in Singapore, where 10 per cent people are diagnosed with arthritis, 73.4 per cent of the office workers suffer from musculoskeletal disorders and 20 per cent of the population above the age of 65 suffers from symptoms of osteoarthritis,” he said.
The global size of the topical pain management market is US $ 4 billion, and going by global projections, Trois has the potential of becoming a US $ 250-million product once launched internationally.
A product for topical use, Trois offers quick relief to patients suffering from rheumatic disorders, low back pain, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, gout, knee pain, ankylosing spondylitis, fibromyalgia and pain originating from muscles and tendons, he said.
Currently, more than 1.5 billion people worldwide suffer from chronic pains of varying degree.
Venus has filed the product, process and use patent for Trois in 46 countries. While the company has already received patents from South Africa, New Zealand and now Singapore, it hopes to get patent grants from the US, Canada and Europe.
Chaudhary said after getting market authorisation from Singapore, the company would focus on getting the same from Asian and CIS countries for rolling out this product.
The company is already selling it in domestic market.
“We launched Trois in India last year and currently 3,000 doctors are prescribing it. We are expecting US $ 2 million from this product within one year from domestic market,” he said.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Roche says Avastin prolongs life in breast cancer studyRoche says Avastin prolongs life in breast cancer study
Reuters
Tweet
Frankfurt, Sept 25:  
Swiss drugmaker Roche said its cancer drug Avastin helped women with a common form of breast cancer live longer without their disease worsening, when used in combination with chemotherapy drug Xeloda.
Results of a Phase III study involving 185 patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer found those treated with both drugs saw an almost threefold improvement in how long they lived without their disease getting worse compared with those taking Avastin alone.
A second late-stage trial with 494 patients who continued treatment with Avastin and standard chemotherapy after their disease had progressed, showed patients lived significantly longer without the disease getting worse compared with those treated only with chemotherapy.
Roche said it would present full results of both studies at the European Society of Medical Oncology Congress on September 28.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Coal blocks order: Metal stocks extend lossesCoal blocks order: Metal stocks extend losses
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
Metal stocks continued to decline for the second straight session, falling as much as 19 per cent in the morning trade today, after the Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were allotted to various firms since 1993.
Shares of Usha Martin declined 18.8 per cent to Rs 24.40, while Prakash Industries tanked 18.67 per cent to Rs 49.65 on the BSE.
Monnet Ispat tumbled 12.22 per cent, Jindal Steel & Power Ltd dipped 9.98 per cent, Hindalco Industries (6.23 per cent) and Tata Steel (3 per cent).
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court had yesterday quashed the allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were allotted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crore was invested.
A Bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, saved only four blocks — belonging to NTPC and SAIL one each and two allocated to Ultra Mega Power Projects — from being cancelled.
The Bench, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, granted six months breathing time to mining companies to wind up their operations.
The apex court had on August 25 held that all coal blocks allocation since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

India growth optimism to propel Sensex to new record highsIndia growth optimism to propel Sensex to new record highs
Reuters
Tweet
BANGALORE, Sept 25:  
Indian shares will jump to new record highs over the next year and beyond as a brighter economic outlook will attract foreign investment even if the U.S. Federal Reserve tightens policy, a Reuters poll predicted.
India's benchmark BSE Sensex,, which closed Wednesday at 26,744.69 points, will gain nearly 5 per cent more to reach 28,000 by the end of this year and scale 30,750 by the middle of 2015, according to the consensus view of 18 analysts polled in the past week.
The Sensex then is expected to touch 32,500 by the end of 2015, a 22 per cent gain from Wednesday. If realised, that would probably make it one of the best performing global equity markets, certainly better than its peers in emerging markets.
Indian shares have soared more than 25 per cent so far this year on anticipation and follow-through after a landslide election of a new government in May, the first majority government in New Delhi for three decades.
That compares with a roughly 10 per cent rise in Brazil and Shanghai shares over the same period.
Foreign investors pumped over 762 billion rupees ($12.5 billion) into Indian shares between March and August, nearly six times what they invested during the same period last year.
Only 6 of 18 analysts who answered an additional question said a U.S. Fed interest rate hike, expected in the second quarter of next year, would draw those foreign investors away from the Indian market.
India's economy grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter from a year earlier, the fastest in over two years. That is well ahead of growth in the U.S. and the pace expected in many other comparable emerging markets.
"The fundamentals for India are improving. Consumption is gradually picking up, confidence is improving," said Ravi Muthukrishnan Co-Head Research at ICICI Securities.
Inflation has also slowed, which will give the Reserve Bank of India room to cut interest rates in the second quarter of next year, according to a separate Reuters poll published this week.
"Inflation is within the RBI's comfort (zone) and when they start to bring interest rates down, that will be another leg up for the whole economy and markets," Neeraj Dhawan, director at Quantum Securities.
A majority of analysts said the Sensex has not already priced in expected economic reforms by the new government.
Since taking over in May, the government has only made minor reforms such as loosening the cap on foreign investment into railway infrastructure and defence manufacturing, but tax reforms have yet to be decided.
"I expect fresh reform such as goods and service tax implementation, and opening of FDI into other avenues to be triggers that will take the Sensex higher next year," said CA Rudramurthy, Research Head at Vachana Securities.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Make In India: PM Narendra Modi s speech highlightsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ram temple should be constructed at earliest  says VHPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India growth optimism to propel BSE Sensex to new record highs: PollE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Metal stocks continue to fall  plunge up to 19%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

As PM Narendra Modi launches  Make in India  campaign  PM Li Keqiang retaliates with  Made in China  driveHome
FE editor's picks
As PM Narendra Modi launches 'Make in India' campaign, PM Li Keqiang retaliates with 'Made in China' drive
PTI | Beijing | Updated:  Sep 25 2014, 13:03  IST
Sep 25 2014, 13:03  IST
 

Katie Holmes named face of OlayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mars achievement thousand times bigger than cricket win: Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Priyanka Gandhi Vadra serves legal notice on some media outlets over son reportsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Only a third of mill workers eligible for MHADA lottery nowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sharda Cropchem surges on HDFC Mutual Fund stake buySharda Cropchem surges on HDFC Mutual Fund stake buy
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 01:20 PM IST
Shares of newly listed agrochemicals company Sharda Cropchem has surged 5% to Rs 265, in otherwise weak market, after HDFC Mutual Fund bought nearly one million shares of the company from the open market.
On September 24, HDFC Mutual Prudence Fund bought 970,000 shares representing 1.08% stake in Sharda Cropchem at Rs 241.64 per share in a bulk deal, the NSE data shows.
The stock opened at Rs 259 and touched a high of Rs 269 on NSE.  A combined around six million shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE. The benchmark CNX Nifty was down 0.49% at 1320 hours.
 

Indian bourses can help raise $100-150 billion capital every year: BSEIndian bourses can help raise $100-150 bn every year: BSE
Press Trust of India | New York Sep 25, 2014 10:47 PM IST
Pitching for stock exchanges to become a major avenue for raising capital and channelise them into investments, BSE’s CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan on Thursday said that bourses can help companies garner $100-150 billion worth funds a year, marking an over tenfold increase from current levels.
He also said the exchanges need to shift their focus away from being a place to do “trading just for the sake of trading” to become such a platform for capital formation. “At BSE, in the past three to four years, the companies have been raising close to $10-12 billion, by way of IPOs, offer for sale, debt instruments etc.
“We have to raise the bar by expanding our facilities and our ability to take it close to $100-150 billion a year so that the funds are channelised into investments," Chauhan said.
The BSE chief, who was here to attend the India Investors Forum and other events in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high-profile US visit, said the role of stock exchanges can be important in helping “India create $1-1.5 trillion investments into productive sectors and help create jobs".
“We need to steadfastly focus on helping India raise capital and create wealth rather than only doing trading for the sake of trading. Basically, exchanges need to change their mindset.
“Today, a large portion of the exchanges’ revenue come from trading, that is from transaction charges, and we need to focus now more on capital raising. We have to participate in India’s growth and become a catalyst and growth engine or our economic growth story. We need to shift focus from trading to capital raising," he said.
Chauhan also assured the international investors that the Indian regulatory framework today is at the forefront of modern thinking about investor protection and investor rights.
“There is a special focus on how to provide the minority investors their rights and how to bring to transparency and fairness in the working of companies.
“In India, the capital markets regulator Sebi, the Ministry of Finance and the Corporate Affairs Ministry have strived in the past six months or so to ensure that investors who are used to protection and regulatory regime in most developed markets, get similar things in India," he said.
“Some of the newer regulations are such that they are even better than many advanced countries such as in the Americas and the Europe. For example, the new Companies Act provides that related party transactions be voted by only the non-promoter shareholders. That’s a huge change from the earlier mindset and would allow non-promoter shareholders to have a better say in the workings of a company," he added.

Venus to sell pain reliever  Trois  in Singapore  eyes $10 millionVenus to sell pain reliever 'Trois' in Singapore, eyes $10 million
Press Trust of India | Chandigarh Sep 25, 2014 12:54 PM IST
Pharma major Venus Remedies will start selling its pain reliever 'Trois' in the Singapore market and is expecting a revenue of $10 million in the next three years.
The Panchkula-based company has got market authorisation and patent for this product from Singapore authorities, making it first such authorisation from any overseas country for Trois.
"We are expecting that Trois will be a $10 million product in the next three years of its launch in Singapore as there is a huge potential for this product in this market," company's Chairman and Managing Director Pawan Chaudhary told PTI today.
The company is also in discussion with forging tie-ups with pharma companies for marketing Trois in Singapore, saying it is hoping to roll out this product in current fiscal in Singapore.
"We will try to launch this product by this year end," he said.
"We are aggressively looking for partners for rolling out this product in Singapore. We are open to have 50:50 joint venture, out-licensing arrangement or profit sharing with the potential companies for marketing pain reliever product in Singapore," he said.
Chaudhary said Singapore is a potential market for its pain reliever product.
"This is a great opportunity for us to capture a sizable share in this segment of the Singapore pharma market. Trois has a huge potential in Singapore, where 10% people are diagnosed with arthritis, 73.4% of the office workers suffer from musculoskeletal disorders and 20% of the population above the age of 65 suffers from symptoms of osteoarthritis," he said.
The global size of the topical pain management market is $4 billion, and going by global projections, Trois has the potential of becoming a $250-million product once launched internationally.
A product for topical use, Trois offers quick relief to patients suffering from rheumatic disorders, low back pain, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, gout, knee pain, ankylosing spondylitis, fibromyalgia and pain originating from muscles and tendons, he said.
Currently, more than 1.5 billion people worldwide suffer from chronic pains of varying degree.
Venus has filed the product, process and use patent for Trois in 46 countries. While the company has already received patents from South Africa, New Zealand and now Singapore, it hopes to get patent grants from the US, Canada and Europe.
Chaudhary said after getting market authorisation from Singapore, the company would focus on getting the same from Asian and CIS countries for rolling out this product.
The company is already selling it in domestic market.
"We launched Trois in India last year and currently 3,000 doctors are prescribing it. We are expecting $2 million from this product within one year from domestic market," he said.

BHP Billiton freezes top executives payBHP Billiton freezes pay for chief and top executives
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c77bfc1c-4451-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sir Philip Hampton to take helm at GSKGlaxoSmithKline appoints Sir Philip Hampton as chairman
By Andrew Ward and Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b437b498-43f7-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China fund house plans US passive pushChina fund house plans US passive push
By Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/60fa292e-195d-11e4-8730-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

S Africa rand hits lows on economy fearsSouth Africa rand hits lows on economy fears
By Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/45c617e0-440e-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BHP Billiton freezes top executives payBHP Billiton freezes pay for chief and top executives
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c77bfc1c-4451-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Make in India: We want Indian companies to shine as MNCs  says Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Made in China campaign launched with Make inIndiaUnder the new campaign China will use tax breaks to encourage enterprises to upgrade their equipment and increase R&D efforts to improve the manufacturing industry.
PTI | Beijing | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:30 pm
Coinciding with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ pitch, the Chinese government has launched a ‘Made in China’ campaign with a host of tax concessions in an effort to retain its manufacturing prowess.
China will encourage high-tech imports, research and development (R&D) to upgrade ‘Made in China’, a decision by the Chinese central government said.
Under the new campaign China will use tax breaks to encourage enterprises to upgrade their equipment and increase R&D efforts to improve the manufacturing industry.
Companies that bought new R&D equipment and facilities after January 1 or possess minor fixed assets will have taxes reduced based on value, the Cabinet, presided over by Premier Li Keqiang, has decided.
Imported high-tech equipment will also enjoy tax deductions in aviation, bio-medicine production, manufacturing of railway and ships, electronics production including computer and telecommunications, instrument production and those used in making IT products and software, state-run Xinhua news agency reported today.
The new decision coincides with the global launch of Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign today.
The Indian Embassy here, Consulates in Guangzhou, Shanghai and Hong Kong held special investment promotion events showcasing the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
China’s new move aims to prompt technical improvement of companies, especially innovation of small and medium-sized enterprises, which in the last three decades propelled it to become world’s second largest economy and made it a powerhouse of the manufacturing industry.
The cabinet asked government organs to implement the new measures as soon as possible to arm “Made in China” with advanced technology and equipment, encouraging more competitive products with high added value, the report said.
China’s manufacturing sector, a key driver of its economic growth, is regarded highly competitive in the global market.
Analysts believe the measures will not only start a new round of innovation but also spur fixed asset investment, and in the bigger picture contribute to stabilising economic growth.

India has potential to become worlds biggest car maker: MarutiSuzukiCosts of production in India increase because of various government policies, procedures, regulations, says Kenichi Ayukawa.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:23 pm
Stating India has the potential to become the biggest car manufacturer of the world, country’s top car maker Maruti Suzuki today hoped factors adversely affecting competitiveness of manufacturing will be removed quickly, in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call to make India a manufacturing hub.
“Costs of production in India increase because of various government policies, procedures, regulations and the way some of the laws are implemented,” said Kenichi Ayukawa, Managing Director and CEO, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, at the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
Stating that India is not the easiest country to do business in, he said, “We are fully confident that, under the Make in India programme of the Prime Minister, factors that adversely affect the competitiveness of manufacturing will now be removed quickly,” he said adding India will then become one of the most competitive manufacturing countries in the world.
Welcoming Modi’s call to ‘Make in India’, he said Maruti Suzuki was amongst the very first multi-national corporation companies to start a major manufacturing operation in India in 1983.
“Over 30 years ago, Osamu Suzuki, Chairman, Suzuki Motor Corporation, recognised the potential of India, both as a market and as a country where high quality manufacturing was possible,” he said, adding globally, Maruti Suzuki is the most successful venture of Suzuki group.
He said the cars Maruti Suzuki makes in India are lower in costs than similar products made by it in other parts of the world.
This enabled Maruti to start exporting cars in 1986 to several countries including western Europe. Suzuki Japan made India its manufacturing hub for compact car Zen in 1994 for export to European countries.
Since 1983, Maruti has been making special efforts to develop a vibrant component manufacturing industry in India.
“This, along with the rapidly growing car production and demand, with high local content, and low costs, was largely responsible for all the major car manufacturers of the world establishing production facilities in India,” he said.
The growth of the car industry also attracted investments from a large number of global automotive component manufacturers.
“Our experience with Indian managers, engineers and work force, despite an exception in 2012, has been excellent. We have been able to effectively implement work practices based on our Japanese experience, but suitably modified for India, that have resulted in continuous growth of productivity, improvements in quality and lower costs,” he said.
India continues to be a major exporter of Suzuki branded cars. Other car manufacturers have also made India one of their manufacturing hubs for exports. Car exports from India have reached the levels of around six lakh units annually.
“This has been achieved despite the well recognised fact that India is not the easiest country to do business in,” he added.

JP Assoc  JP Power slip up to 14% on price woesJP Asso, JP Power ventures slip up to 14% as deal with ADAG called off
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
ADAG
(Reacting to the news Jaiprakash…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Jaiprakash Associates and Jaiprakash Power Ventures tanked 12-14 per cent in early trade after talks with Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group fell apart due to a "difference of commercial aspects".
Reacting to the news Jaiprakash Power Ventures slipped as much as 12.4 per cent, while Jaiprakash Associates plunged as mcuh as 14.4 per cent in trade.
At 09:45 a.m.; Jaiprakash Associates was at Rs 28.35, down 10.99 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a low of Rs 28.25 in trade so far.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures was at Rs 12.30, down 9.89 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a low of Rs 11.95 in trade so far.
Reliance said the deal ended due to "prevailing regulatory uncertainties, and tariff issues, which impact valuations".
The deal for the three plants, with a combined capacity of 1,800 megawatts, was first announced in July and would have made Reliance the largest private power generator in India.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures has a generation base of 1700 MW Hydro power (1000 MW Karcham Wangtoo, 300 MW Baspa II, and 400 MW Vishnu Prayag) and 1160 MW thermal power, including 500 MW Bina thermal project and 660 MW Nigrie thermal power project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RPG Life Sciences: Outcome of AGMSep 25, 2014, 01.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RPG Life Sciences: Outcome of AGM
RPG Life Sciences Ltd has informed BSE that the 7th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RPG Life Sciences: Outcome of AGM
RPG Life Sciences Ltd has informed BSE that the 7th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
RPG Life Sciences Ltd has informed BSE that the 7th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Make in India  launch: Important to talk of  Link West  along with  Look East   says PM ModiHi Guest
'Make in India' launch: Important to talk of 'Link West' along with 'Look East', says PM Modi
On the launch of the much touted, NDA Government's "Make in India" initiative today, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, "When we talk of a 'Look East' policy, we must also talk about 'Link West'.   "The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to ...

Mangalyaan sends first pictures of MarsMangalyaan sends first pictures of Mars
Natural gas usage won t help curb CO2 emissionNatural gas usage won t help curb CO2 emission
Flood: Rescue Operation on  Death Toll Hits 70 in Assam  MeghalayaFlood: Rescue Operation on  Death Toll Hits 70 in Assam  Meghalaya
Kurdish forces push back Islamic State in northern SyriaKurdish forces push back Islamic State in northern Syria
Sagar Cements surges on plan to acquire 100% stake in BMM CementsSagar Cements surges on plan to acquire 100% stake in BMM Cements
Kridhan Infra to acquire 60% majority stake in Econ GeoTechKridhan Infra to acquire 60% majority stake in Econ GeoTech
European shares inch higher as euro falls furtherEuropean shares inch higher as euro falls further
Jewellers expect gold demand to grow this Dusshera  DiwaliJewellers expect gold demand to grow this Dusshera  Diwali
Will September low in Nifty ..hold or fold..will september low in nifty ..hold or fold..
GSK appoints RBS Philip Hampton as next chairmanHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GSK appoints RBS’ Philip Hampton as next chairman
Reuters
Reuters
London, Sept 25:  
GlaxoSmithKline said on Thursday that it had chosen Philip Hampton, who currently chairs Royal Bank of Scotland, as its next chairman.
Hampton will be taking the helm at Britain's biggest drugmaker at a testing time. GSK was hit last week by a record $489-million fine in China for bribing doctors and has warned on profits in 2014 due to weak sales of its core respiratory drugs.
He will join the board in January, become deputy chairman on April 1 and chairman with effect from September 1, 2015 - or earlier if released from other commitments.
He will leave RBS during 2015 and the bank said the process for selecting his successor was being managed by the board's nominations committee.
A person close to the process had previously said that Hampton was set to be named as GSK chairman this week.
Reuters had reported on Monday that GSK was under pressure to make changes, including a possible early replacement of current Chairman Chris Gent, as a result of its problems, which have undermined investor confidence.
Gent, best-known for leading mobile phone company Vodafone during a period of rapid growth, has chaired GSK for nine years. He was due to retire by the end of 2015 and the drugmaker said it had been planning for his succession over the last two years.
Naming a new chairman may be seen as a sign that change is coming at GSK to address shareholder concerns over both the China affair and the company's recent poor financial performance.
As the new chairman, a key task for Hampton will be to steer the group back to sustainable growth and, in the long term, to find an eventual successor to Chief Executive Andrew Witty, who was appointed by Gent and has been in the job since 2008.
Witty has been viewed as a star manager for much of his six-year tenure but he has been damaged by the China scandal, which forced GSK to make an abject apology to the Chinese people last week.
Investors have become increasingly disillusioned with GSK's management in the past year and the company's shares have lagged badly. While the European healthcare sector has risen by around a fifth this year on optimism over new drugs, GSK shares have lost 11 percent as forecasts for its sales and earnings have fallen.
Hampton in RBS
Hampton has been chairman of RBS since 2009 when he was parachuted in to help rescue the bank following its £45 billion ($74 billion) bailout during the financial crisis.
He has previously said that a chairman should typically serve between five and seven years at a listed company and is expected to stay at RBS until a successor is appointed, according to industry sources.
Hampton has led RBS, which is 80-percent owned by the British government, through a turbulent period of transition during which it shed assets worth £1 trillion to rid itself of toxic loans built up during a period of aggressive lending in the run-up to the financial crisis.
However, the bank's attempts to return to health have been held back by the legacy of past misconduct, which included fines of $612 million for the fixing of benchmark interest rates and accusations over how it treated struggling small firms.
Hampton had hoped to oversee the start of RBS's return to full private ownership but that prospect is still seen to be several years away with its shares trading well below the price the government bought them at, leaving taxpayers sitting on a loss of £13 billion.
Before RBS, Hampton chaired supermarket chain Sainsbury and was previously group finance director at Lloyds TSB, BT Group, BG Group, British Gas and British Steel.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Pakistan plans to carve up ailing PIA  in talks with Gulf airlinesPakistan plans to carve up ailing PIA, in talks with Gulf airlines
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Sept 25:  
Pakistan plans to split ailing national flag carrier PIA into two companies and sell control of the core business to a global airline over the next 18 months, but political opposition to the sell-off will be intense, the country's privatisation czar said.
Financial advisers are now in talks with several airlines about taking over cash-strapped Pakistan International Airlines , which has some 17,000 employees but just 36 aircraft - and 10 of them are grounded due to a lack of spare parts.
Mohammad Zubair told Reuters in an interview during a visit to New Delhi on Wednesday that no decision had been taken on the buyer, but he mentioned Emirates Airline, Etihad and Qatar Airways - the Gulf giants that dominate the regional sector - as possibilities.
"It's going to be the most difficult sale," said Zubair, who is aiming to raise around $4 billion this fiscal year from the sale of stakes in several companies, anticipating demands that the government hold onto PIA and nurse it back to health itself.
"If we are saying that for 25 years PIA has been going from bad to worse, we can't claim that we are business-savvy and we can turn it around," he said. "Anyone who thinks that the government can fund it is living in a fool's paradise."
Zubair, a former IBM chief financial officer for the Middle East and Africa, was tapped by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to take charge of a central plank of economic reforms promised by Islamabad in return for a International Monetary Fund bailout.
OGDC share sale
Pakistan announced this week it will seek to raise about $815 million through a sale of shares in Oil & Gas Development Co (OGDC), its largest offering in eight years.
Zubair said investors are returning to Pakistan after weeks of anti-government protests in Islamabad that have now fizzled out, and the OGDC deal representing 7.5 per cent of the company's share capital would be a test of their confidence.
The OGDC sale is part of a sell-off drive to raise capital for an economy that has been crippled for years by power shortages, corruption and militant violence, and to staunch huge losses from dysfunctional companies. Zubair said the losses of power distribution companies alone are equivalent to one-sixth of the government's fiscal revenues.
Next on the block will be the government's 40 per cent stake in Habib Bank Ltd, which will be sold in two stages between November and next March, for around $1.2 billion.
Also ahead is the sale, targeted at domestic investors, of the state's 7.5 per cent stake in Allied Bank Ltd, for around $150 million, Zubair said.
Politically sensitive
Once a source of pride for the country, PIA's decay has made it the butt of jokes, one of which goes that its initials actually stand for 'Perhaps I'll Arrive'. Flights are regularly cancelled and engineers say they have to cannibalise some planes to keep others flying.
Last year a PIA pilot was jailed in the United Kingdom for being three times over the alcohol limit before he was due to fly. Pakistani media reported that another pilot delayed a New York-bound flight for more than two hours as he waited for a sandwich delivery.
Over the years, critics say, governments have manipulated state corporations like PIA for political and financial gain, giving jobs to so many supporters that the size of the workforce has become unsustainable in the face of mounting losses.
Zubair said that PIA's employee-to-aircraft ratio, at around 600, is one of the worst in the world and keeps going up as more planes are grounded.
Under his plan, the airline will be spun off as a separate entity and PIA's other interests - such as ground-handling, catering, hotels and even a poultry business - would go into a holding company that would be retained by the state.
To avoid mass layoffs that would run into political opposition the holding company would absorb all the employees, keep a share in the airline to earn dividend income and then sell off each of its interests individually over time.
Zubair said he could not proceed with the sale of PIA as quickly as other companies, partly because parliament may have to approve legislation allowing it to pass into private hands.
"It's more politically sensitive," he said. "PIA is not going to be sold just like that."
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Australia approves outback rail plan for India s Adani coal mineHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Australia approves outback rail plan for India's Adani coal mine
Reuters
Tweet
SYDNEY, Sept 25:  
Adani Mining on Thursday took a step closer to the development of A$2.2 billion ($1.94 billion) coal mining project in Australia after the federal government approved construction of a rail haulage line.
The Australian unit of India's Adani Enterprises needed the approval of Environment Minister Greg Hunt to proceed with the 300-km (186-mile) line, after last month gaining clearance from the state of Queensland.
Known as the North Galilee Basin Rail project, it is being designed to connect collieries owned by Adani and potentially other developers in the largely unpopulated Galilee Basin to the east coast port of Abbot Point.
Despite analyst views that Adani's project would be unprofitable at current coal prices, the company remains committed to pushing ahead with it to supply power stations in India.
India is home to the world's fifth-largest coal reserves but still needs to resort to imports as state-owned Coal India, which accounts for about 80 per cent of the country's output, frequently falls short of its output target.
"Today's approval is a significant milestone in the life of our integrated mine, rail and port project, helping transition from approvals to the build phase," said Jeyakumar Janakaraj, Adani Mining chief executive.
Environmental groups have protested against Adani and Indian company GVK Hancock developing mines in the Galilee Basin as it could require dumping sand within the boundaries of the Great Barrier Reef to allow for the expansion of a nearby coal port.
Earlier this month, Adani and GVK Hancock agreed to resubmit proposals offering alternative dumping sites on land.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Trouble breaks out at venue of Hindustan Motors AGMHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Trouble breaks out at venue of Hindustan Motors AGM
Our Bureau
BUSINESS lINE Shareholders restrained from entering the venue of Hindustan Motors' AGM in Kolkata on Thursday. According to security personnel, the shareholders were denied entry because the meeting was over. -- Ashoke Chakrabarty
Kolkata, Sept 25:  
Trouble broke out at the venue of the Hindustan Motors Ltd annual general meeting when some shareholders were denied entry.
According to the security personnel posted at the venue, the shareholders were denied entry since the meeting was over.
Most of the company officials from the management had already left the venue by the time the trouble broke.
The annual general meeting lasted for around 40 minutes and the company had deployed armed security personnel. Around 12-odd personnel were deployed at the venue.
A Sankaranarayanan, Director, Hindustan Motors, refused to take media queries about the company finances.
When asked Uttam Bose, another Director of the company, said: “Please send your questionnaires to the corporate communications team.”
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Euro falls to 22-month low against buoyant dollarEuro falls to 22-month low against buoyant dollar
Reuters
Tweet
LONDON, Sept 25:  
The euro fell to its lowest in 22 months against the dollar on Thursday, amid prospects of diverging monetary policies between the Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank.
The single currency fell to $1.27305 on trading platform EBS, its lowest since November 2012 and down 0.3 percent on the day.
The drop followed widening yield differentials between US 10-year Treasuries and their German counterparts. The yield spread between the two trades near 15-year highs, driving more investors to buy the dollar.
The dollar index rose 0.35 per cent to hit a fresh 4-year high of 85.342
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

PM asks India Inc to develop India first  then go abroadPM asks India Inc to develop India first, then go abroad
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching the 'Make in India' logo and souvenir with Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce and Industry, during the launch of 'Make In India' campaign at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launching the Make In India logo during the launch of 'Make In India' campaign at vigyan bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: R V Moorthy
Industry captains applaud PM Modi on the occasion of Make in India launch at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: Kamal Narang
FDI also means First Develop India and not just Foreign Direct Investment, he says
New Delhi, Sept 25:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked India Inc to first focus on developing the country and then look abroad.
"FDI also means First Develop India and not just Foreign Direct Investment. Both the FDIs should move on parallel tracks," the PM said, while launching the 'Make in India' campaign here on Thursday.
Modi stressed on effective and easy governance, besides employment generation. "Investors have to understand that the purchasing power of India has to go up for expanding," he said.
Kicking off the ‘Make in India’ campaign, he said his government’s focus will be on physical infrastructure creation as well as creating a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods ranging from cars to software, satellites to submarines and paper to power.
“I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance and easy governance,” he said, while launching the ‘Make in India’ campaign that was attended by a galaxy of industrialists and business leaders, including Cyrus Mistry, Mukesh Ambani, Azim Premji, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chanda Kocchar and Y C Deveshwar.
Calling upon domestic and international companies to invest in India, the Prime Minister said his government’s focus is not only to ‘Look East’ but also to ‘Link West’.
“We want highways. We also want i-ways — information ways for a Digital India,” Modi said, adding “Make in India is not a slogan, not an invitation’’.
Recalling the scenario of last two-three years where “companies were looking to move out of country”, he said three months of the NDA government has reversed the mood with its focus on easing the process of doing business in the country.
“Government is committed to development. This is not a political agenda, but an article of faith,” he said, while stressing on public-private partnership as well as skill development for increasing the share of manufacturing in GDP.
Modi said the world is ready to come to Asia and India offers best destination as it is a vibrant democracy with demographic dividend and huge demand.
Earlier, the Commerce and Industry Minister, Nirmala Sitaraman, assured de-licensing, de-regulation and radical changes to attract domestic and foreign investors into the country.
In an event to mark the launch of the 'Make in India' initiative, she said that the Government would focus on 25 sectors to push manufacturing, including automobiles, textiles, leather, electronics, engineering and IT.
She said that the Government aims to raise the share of manufacturing to 25 per cent of GDP from 15 per cent. Under the new initiative a dedicated team would facilitate investors 24x7. It may be noted that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the new mission in his Independence Day speech this year.
The Minister said many new initiatives had been announced, including liberalisation of the FDI regime in sectors such as defence and the Railways. But this was just the beginning and many more measures would be initiated, she said, while adding that the effort would be to remove the tag of a country riddled with red-tapism.
In his remarks, the Chairman of Reliance industries, Mukesh Ambani, announced investment of Rs. 1.80 lakh crore in the next 12-15 months which, in turn, would create 1.25 lakh jobs. He also hoped that implementation of GST would help to create a single market.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Sensex plunges 209 points ahead of F&O expiry; metal  power stocks tripSensex tanks 276 points; realty, oil & gas stocks slump
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 25:  
Continuing to reel under the impact of coal de-allocation by the Supreme Court, Sensex dipped 276 points to 26,468 on Thursday.
The benchmark index opened on the higher side at 26,809 against the previous close of 26,745. It made a high of 26,814 and low of 26,350 before closing at 26,468.
Turnover on BSE was down marginally at Rs 3,624 crore against Rs 3,653 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, the Nifty was down 91 points at 7,912.
Shares across sectors including banking, oil and gas and metal were down in a trade marked by high volatility as investors rolled over their position from near month to the October contract in the futures and options segment.
Bank stocks extended losses incurred in the previous day’s trading session on concern over bad loans due to their exposure to coal mines after the Supreme Court's decision cancelling most coal block allocations since 1993.
Among PSU banks that declined include Canara Bank (-5%), Union Bank of India (-7%), Bank of India (-8%), Punjab National Bank (-6%), Syndicate Bank (-8%), Indian Overseas Bank (-7%), Oriental Bank of Commerce (-8%), and Dena Bank (-4%).
State Bank of India fell four per cent to Rs 2,378 as the bank after market hours on Wednesday said the board has approved a 10-for-1 stock split.
Andhra Bank tumbled 12 per cent to Rs 64 on reports that it has a loan exposure of Rs 4,346 crore to companies whose coal blocks were cancelled by the Supreme Court.
Major gainers were Aurobindo Pharma (8%), Infratel (5%), Dr Reddy’s (3%) and TCS (2%).
Prominent losers were JP Associate (-19%), JP Power (-14%), JP Infratec (-13%),
IDBI (-11%), Financial Technologies (-10%), Strides Arcolab (-10%), HDIL (-9%) and Adani Power (-9%).
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

In stirring speech  PM Narendra Modi makes manufacturing pitch  kicks off  Make in India  campaignIn stirring speech, Narendra Modi makes manufacturing pitch, kicks off 'Make in India' campaign
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 25 2014, 18:30  IST
Sep 25 2014, 18:30  IST
 

Need to break back of inflation: Raghuram RajanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sushma Swaraj sends global invite to invest in Indian economyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Media multitasking may cause your brain to shrinkE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi s  Make in India  campaign: Top 10 quotesModi's 'Make in India' campaign: Top 10 quotes
BS Web Team | New Delhi Sep 25, 2014 01:42 PM IST
Before he embarks on the much talked about US trip, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the 'Make in India' campaign, an initiative to boost manufacturing by easing business processes and attracting foreign companies to set up factories in India and invest in the country's infrastructure. 
Here are the top ten takeaways from his speech: 
 
1. FDI for me is First Develop India and then Foreign Direct Investment
 
2. Want to take India higher on Ease-of-Doing-Business Index. Industrialists don't come because of incentives, need to create development and growth-oriented environment
 
3. Who is the Government for? It is for every Indian..It is for the poorest of the poor
 
4. The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite people. I need to give them the address.
 
5. Governance should be aimed at digital government  in fact why not Mobile governance. We need to focus on Digital India to ease business through easy governance. With a digital India, there will be easy governance
 
6.  I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance. Effective governance, easy governance need of the hour
 
7. When we talk of a "Look East" policy, we must also talk about "Link West". Both need to work simultaneously
 
8.Make-In-India is a Lion's Step': Its Symbol is a Lion Made of Cogs
 
9. Financial inclusion plan has worked wonders. See the trust of country men even after a zero balance account  till now 40 million new bank accounts opened in Jan Dhan Yojana (in just a month) and Rs. 1500 crores deposited.
 
10. Nobody can question the talent of our people especially after yesterday's Mars mission. 
 

Sagar Cements announces acquisition of BMM CementsSagar Cements' board nod to acquire BMM Ltd
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 25, 2014 08:28 PM IST
The board of directors of Hyderabad-based Sagar Cements Limited (SCL) on Thursday approved the company’s move to acquire 100 per cent stake in BMM Cements Limited, which owns a cement plant of 1-million tonne capacity among other assets in Andhra Pradesh.
The proposed acquisition will take SCL group’s total cement capacity to 3.75 million tonnes from the existing 2.75-million tonnes.
BMM has an enterprise value of Rs 540 crore and has limestone reserves of around 155 million tonnes apart from a captive power plant of 25 Mw capacity, according to a company release.
The deal size was not immediately known though the company will be taking over the debt on the books of BMM besides buying out the entire stake in the company from its promoters.
“The proposed acquisition of BMM Cements comes at an opportune time wherein the demand environment and pricing in our region of operations looks encouraging. The two companies are wholly complementary geographically with considerable potential for synergies,” Srikanth Reddy, executive director of Sagar Cement, said in a filing to the BSE on Thursday.
The company would explore both organic and inorganic opportunities to drive growth in the interest of shareholders, he said.
In July this year, SCL sold its entire 47 per cent stake in the joint-venture Vicat Sagar Cement Private Limited to its French partner at a total price of Rs 435 crore, over five times of its equity investment.
Following the exit from the JV, SCL zeroed in on BMM, whose plant and mines are located near Tadipatri in Anantapur district, as part of its strategy to have a manufacturing facility in Andhra Pradesh. Sagar Cements’ plant is located at Matampally in Nalgonda district of Telangana.

Cameron vows to tackle murderous IsisDavid Cameron vows action over ‘mortal threat’ from Isis
By John Aglionby in London and Geoff Dyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0179b3e-4480-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

P2P comes of age as Wall Street elbows in© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d6903c54-4447-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan banks overhaul interbank ratesJapan overhauls Tibor interbank lending benchmark
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef24a85e-4483-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

$1.6bn Reliance hydropower deal failsAmbani abandons $1.6bn hydropower deal
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a8d3442-447a-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Direct Line dials up 430m disposalDirect Line dials up £430m disposal
By Alistair Gray in London and Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8697d5a-4485-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Busch Gardens Removes Props in Wake of Beheadingsbusch gardens removes props in wake of beheadings
Sven Hoppe / picture-alliance/dpa via AP  filesven hoppe / picture-alliance/dpa via ap  file
Alibaba s Listing to Seen to Benefit Indian E-commerce FirmsAmbit Bullish on Nifty; Bets Big on Ramkrishna Forgings, Alstom T&D
The blockbuster initial public offering (IPO) of Alibaba on New York Stock Exchange has reignited interest in the Indian e-commerce space. Overwhelming demand for its shares saw the Chinese e-commerce giant raise nearly $25 billion in the biggest-ever IPO so far.
Angel investor Rehan Yar Khan is very optimistic about the e-commerce space in India and expects more interest from global investors, particularly from those who made gains from the Alibaba IPO. "Investors are coming off very high growth market in China and they need to put their gains somewhere. India is next big high growth market," he says. ( Watch )
"We have seen Naspers do this after making money off Tencent in China and has brought quite a lot money to India. We have seen large Naspers investment in Flipkart; they have acquired RedBus. So we have seen that Chinese money flowing to India," says Mr Khan.
South Africa's e-commerce and media firm Naspers had last year acquired Bangalore-based online bus ticketing firm redBus.in. Naspers is also a major investor in Flipkart. Recently, Naspers also participated in a fund-raising round from Flipkart in which the Indian e-tailer raised $1 billion.
According to Mr Khan, India is the next big landscape for global investors in the e-commerce space. The number of online shoppers in India currently stands at around 3 crore and growing at 25 per cent year-on year, he says. The total online spending (non-travel) is estimated at Rs 31,000 crore in India and is growing at 63 per cent, he adds. The Indian e-commerce market (non-travel) is expected to grow to Rs 325,000 crore by 2020, according to Mr Khan.
Rehan Yar Khan himself has been at the forefront of investing in Indian tech start-ups, finding big success with firms like Druva Software and Olacabs, both of which are now valued over Rs 1000 crore according to estimates.
However, Mr Khan sees the steep growth in the e-commerce sector a threat to the 'brick and mortar' stores. According to Mr Khan, e-commerce players like Flipkart, Snapdeal and Alibaba will do what Wal-Mart did to mom and pop shops.
"Alibaba is the next generation of 'Bazaars'. 'Bazaar 1.0' was when you went to Chandni Chowk and sold merchandise. 'Bazaar 2.0' were the big shops and malls like Wal-Mart and 'Bazaars 3.0' are Flipkart, Alibaba and Snapdeal," adds Mr Khan.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 08:46 (IST)

RBI Seen Holding Rates Until Q2 of 2015  Then Ease: PollCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
The Reserve Bank of India will probably wait until the second quarter of next year to loosen policy as it wants to cool inflation before trying to spur growth, a Reuters poll found ahead of a policy review meeting next week.
All but three of 46 economists surveyed over the past week said the bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent when it meets on September 30.
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks' minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio (CRR) that sets the percentage of depositors' balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
And 16 of 21 economists polled said it will not cut the ceiling on debt that must be held-to-maturity (HTM).
Analysts also pushed back expectations for when the first interest rate cut is likely to happen.
The poll shows they now think the first 25 basis point cut in the repo rate will come between April and June next year, three months later than they had predicted in a July poll.
That would coincide with expectations of the first rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve, in a move that would start pulling the curtain down on almost five years of nearly zero percent interest rates and trillions of dollars spent on stimulus.
From there on, the RBI is expected to gradually cut the repo rate to 7.00 percent by mid-2016.
"From the commentary of Governor Raghuram Rajan it was very clear that inflation remains the focus," said Bhupesh Bameta, economist at Quant Capital. "That gives us more confidence that instead of the first quarter the first rate cut will be shifted to the second quarter."
At an RBI meeting in early August, Dr Rajan reaffirmed his commitment to bringing down inflation and said it was "appropriate to continue maintaining a vigilant monetary policy stance".
Consumer price inflation cooled to 7.80 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July.
But, it is still far higher than the 6 per cent level the RBI wants it at by January 2016, and as risks of a temporary spike from escalating food prices still exist. Three economists expect a hike in the repo rate in the next six months.
Sluggish investments, stalled projects, government policy paralysis and high interest rates meant India's economic growth has been running at a shadow of the near double-digit levels seen in 2010.
In the quarter ended in June, the lumbering economy notched its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years, accelerating to 5.7 per cent to raise hopes that the worst was over.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Retirement: How your retirement income is taxed0
Taxable accounts. Profits from the sale of investments, such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds and real estate, are taxed at capital-gains rates, which vary depending on how long you've owned the investments. Long-term capital-gains rates, which apply to assets you have held longer than a year, can be quite favorable: If you're in the 10-percent or 15-percent tax bracket, you'll pay 0 percent on those gains. Most other taxpayers pay 15 percent on long-term gains. Short-term capital gains are taxed at your ordinary income tax rate.
Interest on savings accounts and CDs and dividends paid by your money market mutual funds is taxed at your ordinary income rate. Interest from municipal bonds is tax-free at the federal level.
Roth IRAs. Give yourself a high five if your retirement portfolio includes one of these accounts. As long as the Roth has been open for at least five years and you're 59 1/2 or older, all withdrawals are tax-free. In addition, you don't have to take RMDs from your Roth when you turn 70 1/2.
Social Security. Many retirees are surprised - and dismayed - to discover that a portion of their Social Security benefits could be taxable. Whether or not you're taxed depends on what's known as your provisional income: your adjusted gross income plus any tax-free interest plus 50 percent of your benefits. If provisional income is between $25,000 and $34,000 if you're single, or between $32,000 and $44,000 if you're married, up to 50 percent of your benefits is taxable. If it exceeds $34,000 if you're single or $44,000 if you're married, up to 85 percent of your benefits is taxable.
Pensions. Payments from private and government pensions are usually taxable at your ordinary income rate, assuming you made no after-tax contributions to the plan.
Annuities. If you purchased an annuity that provides income in retirement, the portion of the payment that represents your principal is tax-free; the rest is taxable. The insurance company that sold you the annuity is required to tell you what is taxable. Different rules apply if you bought the annuity with pretax funds (such as from a traditional IRA). In that case, 100 percent of your payment will be taxed as ordinary income.
(Sandra Block is a senior associate editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Assam floods: Thousands still reel under water in Goalpara districtpicture  others
Assam floods: Thousands still reel under water in Goalpara district
The flood situation in Assam remained unchanged for the third consecutive day with the army continuing to be deployed for rescue and relief operations in addition to squads from the NDRF and SDRF.
Here, a man carries drinking water in a bucket in the flooded Anil Nagar area in Guwahati. (Source: PTI)
People collecting drinking water in buckets in the flooded Anil Nagar area. (Source: PTI)
A man carries drinking water in flooded Anil Nagar area after heavy rain. (Source: PTI)
A man washes the floor of his house as the flood water recedes in Anil Nagar area. (Source: PTI)
A man pulling his rickshaw through the flood water in Anil Nagar area. (Source: PTI)
Flood affected people of Anil Nagar area of Guwahati alighting a State Disaster Response Force boat after being rescued. (Source: PTI)
Two girls wade through a waterlogged street at Anil Nagar after heavy showers. (Source: PTI)
National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) personnel using boat rescue the flood affected people of Nabin and Anil Nagar area. (Source: PTI)
People move to a safer location on a boat following floods in Goalpara on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Related

The Big Problem Facing Whole Foodsreddit
For years, Whole Foods has shrugged off criticism that it should be renamed "Whole Paycheck" because it is so expensive. But its high-priced reputation might finally be starting to hurt it.
The grocery chain's competitors are luring shoppers away with lower prices, threatening to unlock its long stranglehold on the market for organic food, according to a new note by analysts at Wolfe Research, a New York investment research firm.
Recently, stores ranging from Kroger to Walmart to Sprouts have undercut Whole Foods by bulking up their own, lower-priced healthy offerings.
In its latest quarter, Whole Foods reported that sales at stores open at least a year -- a key retail metric known as "same-store sales" -- rose 3.9 percent . That's not bad, but the company once regularly clocked same-store sales growth of about 8 percent . Its stock price, meanwhile, is down 40 percent since late October 2013.
“The emergence of the multi-pronged competitive attack on Whole Foods by generally lower-priced competitors suggests to us that Whole Foods’ business model faces a very real, clear and present danger,” Wolfe analysts wrote in a note last week.
Wolfe Research compared the average price of a basket of groceries at Whole Foods to average prices of baskets at prominent grocery stores in various regions. What they found is that Whole Foods' prices tended to be much higher across the board:
Whole Foods' prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods' produce prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods is responding by testing a rewards program and launching a national marketing campaign , two things the grocery giant has resisted for years. It has also lowered prices over the past several months, though shoppers have been slow to take notice .
Whole Foods co-CEO Walter Robb acknowledged the company's struggles in an interview with CNBC earlier this month . But he said that the steps the retailer has taken will ensure a “very bright future.”
Wolfe analysts argue that Whole Foods hasn't done enough to turn sluggish sales trends around. Even significantly lowering prices won't be enough, in their view.
Whole Foods did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
More:

Judge: Businesses Can Keep BP Oil Spill Payoutsjudge: businesses can keep bp oil spill payouts
In Wake of Home Depot Breach  Report Says 43% of Companies Are VictimsIn Wake of Home Depot Breach, Report Says 43% of Companies Are Victims
 
By ABC News
Sep 24, 2014 5:48pm
The effects of the Home Depot data breach continued to ripple across the U.S. today as customers reported being hit with thousands of dollars in fraudulent charges, and a food chain announced that it too had suffered a security breach.
Home Depot Security Breach Drains Customers’ Accounts
Caitlyn Falzone Leonard, who’d shopped at the home-improvement retailer, said she checked her bank account after she heard about the security breach. Leonard said she found more than $1,000 in fraudulent charges from Spain and France.
“Right away, I knew I had been a victim of this because I had actually received an email from Home Depot offering this yearlong credit protection because it looked like I was potentially someone who had used their card there and could be compromised,” Leonard told ABC News.
Leonard said she couldn’t be certain that the charges had come from the Home Depot breach, but she said she was taking Home Depot up on its offer to provide free credit protection. The company also promised that customers would not be responsible for the fraudulent charges.
A new report released today by Ponemon Institute  noted that a whopping 43 percent of companies had experienced some kind of data breach in the last year.
Jimmy John’s sandwich chain, headquartered in Champaign, Illinois, revealed today that it believed customers’ credit card data had been stolen from 216 of its shops, in 37 states, from June to September.
Experts said the phenomenon is alas a new fact of life.
“It’s all too easy for hackers to get into point-of-sale systems,” said Adam Levin, chairman of Identity Theft 911. “But we are at risk, these breaches have become a dead certainty in life.”
Experts warned consumers to watch out for micro-charges — purchases for less than $10 — on their debit and credit cards because it could be hackers flying below the radar and testing out cards.
Early reports from the investigation into Home Depot’s five-month breach, which exposed 56 million credit and debit cards, seemed to point to self-checkout lines. The malicious software is believed to be installed mainly on those scanners.
The breach eclipsed that of Target last year, which affected about 40 million credit and debit cards.
 

BP loses excess compensation rulingBP loses ‘excess’ compensation ruling
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82d8eb14-442a-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1B9nEtEFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Apple's glitchy Wednesday: Bugs, bendy phone rile users
Apple woes after splashy event, and what it means… if anything (stock is fine, as are sales) People love to kvetch about apple products.
Post to Facebook
Apple's glitchy Wednesday: Bugs, bendy phone rile users Apple woes after splashy event, and what it means… if anything (stock is fine, as are sales) People love to kvetch about apple products. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sqZNqF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
200
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Apple's glitchy Wednesday: Bugs, bendy phone rile users
Jon Swartz and Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 5:51 a.m. EDT September 25, 2014
USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham asks IPhone 6 consumers to try to bend their new phones. VPC
Apple Store workers help customers as they line up in front of an Apple Store to purchase the new iPhone 6 on Sept. 23, 2014, in San Francisco.  Less than one week after the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus went on sale, long lines continue at Apple Stores and Apple has reported that they have sold over 10 million of the smart phones.
(Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
2770 CONNECT 474 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 200 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Two weeks ago, the press and public fawned over the new iPhone and Apple Watch. On Wednesday, they couldn't gripe enough.
Apple yanked a spanking-new operating system update that disabled cellular service and access to the Touch ID fingerprint scanner, touching off a minor revolt on Twitter. Then, there is the matter of some iPhone 6 Plus models that bend .
Apple says it is "actively investigating" its software woes .
Welcome to the land of hype, sky-high expectations and frenzied customers.
Is the iPhone 6 Plus easy to bend? Video says yes
"Clearly, after all of the anticipation, the big event (on Sept. 9), the very favorable reviews, these revelations perhaps dampen some of the enthusiasm for and around these offerings," S&P Capital analyst Scott Kessler says. "But we don't think that will fundamentally impair the prospects or the progress of these devices."
Software bugs and a possible hardware glitch, while embarrassing, hardly tarnished Apple stock on Wednesday. Shares were down slightly, to $101.75. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, meanwhile, continue to sell at record rates.
Apple yanks iOS 8 update after series of snafus
The backlash, which took root on Twitter and escalated, underscore the risks a high-profile company like Apple faces when it releases a new product amid pent-up demand and expectations. Facebook has encountered the same vociferous reaction whenever it rolls out a new feature.
Criticizing new Apple products has become a blood sport.
iPhones hard to find? You'll have to play the waiting game
Americans' reaction to new Apple products has become a rite of cultural passage: Wait in line for hours to be the first to get the new product, complain loudly about its deficiencies — which are eventually fixed — then pine for the next version of that product.
"Apple compared to anyone else has a flawless track record in product, and that just raises the bar to catch them on something," says Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray. "It has become a game with these releases: Who can find the first problem?"
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
2770 CONNECT 474 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 200 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sqZNqF
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Transfers at midnight: 40 top officials moved in jumbo reshuffleIn what is said to be the the biggest bureaucratic reshuffle since Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power, the government on Wednesday issued orders transferring more than 40 senior bureaucrats.
The changes included mostly joint-secretary level positions as well as eight secretary-level appointments.
The secretary-level appointments included Aradhana Johri in the department of disinvestment, Satyanarayan Mohanty in the department of higher education, Surjit Kumar Chaudhary in the department of chemicals, Kapil Dev Tripathi in heavy industries, Kusumjit Sidhu in the department of justice, Rajiv Takru in the National Commission for Minorities, R Vijaykumar in the department Northeast Development and  VK Subhuram in the department of pharmaceuticals.
A handful of officers already serving in the central government were also moved around for a mix of reasons.
“In some cases, the transfers seem to have been made to better to utilise an officer’s skills... but there was some discomfort in a few cases,” an official familiar with the appointment process for the 40-odd bureaucrats said.
The official added that the appointments were in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s assurance not to transfer civil servants because they had the trust of the previous government.
Six officers – who served in the personal staff of UPA ministers and had been waiting for a posting – have been given key assignments at the crucial joint secretary-level.
Three of them – Dilip Kumar, Gopal Krishna Dwivedi and Hitesh Kumar S Makwana – have been appointed to the Home Ministry. In the same league, Uday Singh Kumawat has been appointed to the Department of Revenue while AK Singh will move to the power ministry.
One of the key officers to be shunted out is IS Chahal, the joint secretary incharge of Union Territories at the home ministry. Chahal – who joined the ministry as former home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde’s officer on special duty – has been posted to the women and child development.
Two petroleum ministry officials have also been given new postings.
Interestingly, Rajiv Takru, a Gujarat cadre IAS of 1979 batch and was very powerful during the UPA regime, has again been shunted out from department of North East to insignificant post as secretary, national minority commission.
After taking over as the PM, Modi had shunted out Takru from powerful revenue department to North East. Takru never got along with Modi in Gujarat also and is known for proximity to so e Congress leaders, who had got him posted first as secretary financial services and then moved to revenue in the ministry of finance.
For the first time, more than 40 joint secretaries across the ministries and departments have been appointed by the present government, which came to power in last May.
Ahmedabad Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra, 1986 batch IAS of Gujarat cadre, has been appointed as joint secretary commerce while Hitendrakumar Makwana, a Tamil Nadu cadre Gujarati IAS has been appointed as joint secretary in the ministry of home.

Simplification Is a Beautiful Thing: How to Simplify Your Business and Lifereddit
I was listening to an interview the other day about a movie producer who made millions and realized that money doesn't make him happy (nothing new, I know!), in fact his fancy lifestyle and all the toys and gadgets he possessed made him pretty unsatisfied. So what did he do to climb out of that depression? He started to simplify his life like crazy by giving away some of his stuff, moving to a smaller property and focusing on what mattered the most to him. His friends thought he turned a little crazy.
The same principle of simplification applies to business. At Basic Bananas I've worked with hundreds of businesses that make it way too complicated for themselves and once I get them to simplify, it's like they start to lift unnecessary weights off their shoulders. Their businesses don't only get more fun, they also become more profitable.
Here are a few quick tips to get you started on the journey of simplification:
Look at all of your products and services on offer: Which ones are bringing in money and which ones are a waste of time? Sometimes getting rid of some of your offerings can be hard (we humans have a bit of an attachment thing going on), but it's so worth it if it makes sense from a business perspective. Steve Jobs did it with Apple when they brought him back to save the company. And it worked.
Automate and systemize as much as possible: I'm a sucker for processes and business automation because they help you simplify your business and life.
Only focus on what really matters: Prioritize your daily activities and focus on what really matters (Facebook doesn't count!), not the time fillers. Also look at what you are not good at or hate doing and outsource it to someone who is excellent at it! I'm the queen of outsourcing according to my team. I think they are right.
Declutter and organize your computer, your office, your work-space: A few weeks ago I bought myself a new laptop because my old one kept crashing (I admit it, it was way too cluttered). My productivity and efficiency must have increased by at least 30 percent just by working on a clean computer. I don't think buying a new machine is the best solution (unless you donate the other one to charity), just take a few minutes to declutter your desktop and organize your files. It feels awesome. I have a personal goal whereas at the end of every week I clear out my email inbox and declutter my desktop for it to be neat and organized.
Say good-bye to toxic business relationships: This is a great practice not just in business but also in life. Stop hanging out with 'energy vampires', people that suck your energy and leave you feeling like you need a nap after spending time with them. Say good-bye to bad clients, toxic business partners, team members that don't care about your business or your clients... Au revoir!
What can you simplify in your business today?
The movie producer I spoke about earlier managed to gain back his happy mojo thanks to simplification. #happyending
Franziska Iseli-Hall
Follow Franziska Iseli-Hall on Twitter: www.twitter.com/franziskaiseli
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

Indian bourses can help raise $150 bn every ...Ashishkumar Chauhan
(The exchanges need to shift…)
NEW YORK: Pitching for stock exchanges to become a major avenue for raising capital and channelise them into investments, BSE's CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan today said that bourses can help companies garner $100-150 billion worth funds a year, marking an over ten-fold increase from current levels.
He also said the exchanges need to shift their focus away from being a place to do "trading just for the sake of trading" to become such a platform for capital formation.
"At BSE, in the last 3-4 years, the companies have been raising close to $10-12 billion, by way of IPOs, offer for sale, debt instruments etc.
"We have to raise the bar by expanding our facilities and our ability to take it close to $100-150 billion a year so that the funds are channelised into investments," Chauhan told PTI in an interview here.
The BSE chief, who was here to attend the India Investors Forum and other events in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's high-profile US visit, said the role of stock exchanges can be important in helping "India create 1-1.5 trillion dollars investments into productive sectors and help create jobs".
"We need to steadfastly focus on helping India raise capital and create wealth rather than only doing trading for the sake of trading. Basically, exchanges need to change their mindset.
"Today, a large portion of the exchanges' revenue come from trading, that is from transaction charges, and we need to focus now more on capital raising. We have to participate in India's growth and become a catalyst and growth engine or our economic growth story. We need to shift focus from trading to capital raising," he said.
Chauhan also assured the international investors that the Indian regulatory framework today is at the forefront of modern thinking about investor protection and investor rights.
"There is a special focus on how to provide the minority investors their rights and how to bring to transparency and fairness in the working of companies.
"In India, the capital markets regulator Sebi , the Ministry of Finance and the Corporate Affairs Ministry have strived in the last six months or so to ensure that investors who are used to protection and regulatory regime in most developed markets, get similar things in India," he said.
"Some of the newer regulations are such that they are even better than many advanced countries such as in the Americas and the Europe. For example, the new Companies Act provides that related party transactions be voted by only the non-promoter shareholders. That's a huge change from the earlier mindset and would allow non-promoter shareholders to have a better say in the workings of a company," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Down Nearly 200 Points; JSPL  Hindalco Sink Over 10%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Down Nearly 200 Points; Banks, Oil and Gas Stocks Drag
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 13:07 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Markets continue to witness selling pressure in the afternoon trade with oil and gas shares losing the most after the government postponed the decision on gas pricing till November 15. ONGC traded 2.73 per cent lower at Rs 402.40 whereas Reliance Industries was down nearly 2 per cent. The oil and gas sub-index of BSE was down 1.44 per cent.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers in India equities on Wednesday which weighed on the sentiment and added further steam to the selling. Expiry of the current month derivative contract also weighed on sentiment.
Among other sectoral indices Bank Nifty, CNX Energy and BSE Metal index were the biggest losers.
Jindal Steel & Power and Hindalco extended fall for the second day as brokerages downgrade the stocks after Wednesday's coal verdict. Both the stocks were down nearly 8 per cent each and were the top loser in the Nifty.
State-owned banks also witnessed selling pressure on account of asset quality concerns and their exposure to companies whose coal block allocation have been cancelled. State Bank of India was down 2.56 per cent, PNB and Oriental Bank of Commerce were down nearly 5 per cent each. Bank of India traded 4 per cent lower. The CNX PSU Bank index was down over 3 per cent.
As of 12.45 p.m. Sensex traded 0.71 per cent lower at 26,553.52 whereas Nifty was down 53 points at 7,949.30.
Stocks like Cipla, TCS, Dr. Reddy's Lab saw some buying as investors prefered to stay with defensive stocks. Cipla was the top gainer on Nifty with 2.33 per cent gains.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 13:07 (IST)

Jaiprakash Group shares slump after RPower deal called offJaiprakash Group shares slump after RPower deal called off
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 15:11 IST
Shares of Jaiprakash Group of companies on Thursday fell sharply by as much as 24.5 per cent after Reliance Power's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects called off .
Jaiprakash Associates' stock tumbled 24.48 per cent to Rs 24.05 - its 52-week low on the BSE.
Similarly, shares of Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd dropped 17.94 per cent to hit its one-year low of Rs 11.20.
Shares of Reliance Power were also down by 5 per cent to Rs 72.05.
Analysts said these stocks saw massive selling pressure as this latest development will put further pressure on the group to cut its debt.
Reliance Power's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project.
The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call off talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it.
Jaiprakash Group (Japyee) was looking at selling the hydroprojects to cut its huge debt burden.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) had said in a statement, "For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG has been called off."
"The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of the shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country," Jaypee Group Chairman Manoj Gaur had said in the statement.

PM Modi s Make-in-India Pitch: 10 Key TakeawaysCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra on Thursday said the "Make in India" campaign is the step of a lion and is aimed the make the country the most attractive investment destination in the world. PM Modi did not lay out a concrete plan on ways to attract much-needed foreign capital, but he promised easy and effective governance, faster decision making, rule of law and better policy environment for global and domestic corporates.
Here are 10 key takeaways from PM Modi's speech:
1) FDI gets a new lingo: For the world foreign direct investment (FDI) is an opportunity, but FDI is also a responsibility for the people of India, the prime minister said. My definition of FDI for the people of India is "First Develop India", he said. We have to create opportunities of employment, he added.
2) Do not treat India as a market: PM Modi said global businesses have always viewed India as a big market, but Indians lack purchasing power. Investors will lose an opportunity, if they continue to look at India as a market, he said. The Prime Minister said the faster people move out of poverty, the faster India's purchasing power will grow.
3) Do not leave India: Trust forced Indian companies to leave the country in the last few years, PM Modi said. "A trust was broken that when a policy will be changed, when CBI will come...this is what I heard from all you," PM Modi said. We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India, he added.
4) Government to ensure capital preservation: Investors first want security of their investment, followed by growth, while profit is the last priority, PM Modi said. The new government will ensure the preservation of capital, he said.
5) Improving the ease of doing business a priority: According to World Bank, India ranks 134 out of 189 countries in terms of the ease of doing business. PM Modi today said that his government will see that the country climbs quickly to 50th position on the list.
6) India best destination to invest in Asia: The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address, PM Modi said. Only India has the unique combination of democracy, demographic dividend and demand, he added.
7) Easy governance, effective governance: The "Digital India" push is aimed at effective governance, PM Modi said. Industry does not come when there are too many incentive schemes. A development & growth oriented environment is need, he added.
8) Skilled manpower: India needs manpower according to requirements and if we can develop the right skills, we can achieve sustainable development, PM Modi said.
9) Look East, but Link West: India needs to pursue the Look East policy, but also absorb the best practices of the western world, PM Modi said.
10) Infrastructure: India needs better infrastructure for further growth, the PM said, adding there is a need for not only highways, but also i-highways (information highways). The country needs electric, water, gas and optical fibre grids, he added.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 13:37 (IST)

PM Narendra Modi launches the Make in India websiteThe Make in India website.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:09 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 2:15 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s clarion call to attract investors to India seems to have resonated big time with the intended target audience. To back up his rhetoric, PM Modi on Thursday launched the Make In India campaign at a programme in Vigyan Bhavan, New Delhi.
Promising the investors a conducive environment, Modi said the government will focus on the manufacturing sector, which will create job opportunities.
The prime minister launched a website called Makeinindia.com. The website’s homepage opens with a logo of a lion, symbolising the Ashoka Chakra. Other widgets on the website homepage will inform you about Sectors, Live Projects, Policies and FAQ’s. The Sectors topic covers almost everything from Automobiles, Space, Aviation, Chemicals, Renewable Energy to Wellness and Tourism.
Live Projects gives a summary and a brief backgrounder on the much-vaunted Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and its potential impact on India. Under Policies, the latest information and policy changes on the new initiatives, foreign direct investment, intellectual property rights and national manufacturing are underlined.
And most of all, the Make in India programme, according to the website, “represents an attitudinal shift in how India relates to investors: not as a permit-issuing authority, but as a true business partner.”

Madhya Pradesh: 9 Muslims arrested for Dalit conversionsReconversion ceremony was the first time the Jatavs were in this temple, with upper castes jostling to be near them. (Source: MIlind Ghatwai)
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:45 pm
Three weeks after right-wing organisations re-converted several Dalit members , who had embraced Islam in Khaniyadhana town of Shivpuri district, to Hinduism, the police have arrested nine Muslims, accusing them of initiating the conversion to Islam .
The police said the names of the nine accused were revealed during questioning of Dalit converts who themselves were booked under the Freedom of Religion Act for changing their faith without notifying the district authorities.
“The Dalit members had read Kalma in the local mosque in the presence of these nine persons, including a Kazi, six or seven months ago. There was no ceremony as such but they had accompanied the Dalits,” in-charge of Khaniyadhana police station, Y S Jadaun, told The Indian Express.
Jadaun was unable to explain how the nine persons were arrested under the anti-conversion law when the very people they had been accused of converting to Islam had been re-converted to Hinduism at the town’s Hanuman temple.
The re-conversion ceremony had taken place a day after Maniram Jatav, Tularam Jatav and three other family members were arrested and released on bail. “Nobody has informed us about the re-conversion,” claimed Jadaun. Maniram and others had been brought to the police station premises by Bajrang Dal and Vishwa Hindu Parishad members before taking them to the nearby temple.
“The police misled us before arresting the nine persons. I was asked to bring them to the police station where they were taken into custody,” said municipal councilor Sajjad Ali. He claimed none of the arrested persons is a Kazi. Most of them are goat traders and offer regular Namaz, he said wondering how the arrest took place when no Dalit member had accused any one of offering money or other enticement.
“This is victory of Bajrang Dal and VHP. Had we not remained alert many more conversions would have taken place. The arrests have followed our campaign. Had the district administration acted on our complaint before things would not have come to such a pass,” Bajrang Dal leader Manoj Sharma said. According to him, at least one family member of the nine arrested Muslims is based in Dubai and other Muslim countries.
Sharma alleged that the nine persons had offered money to the Dalit to convert to Islam after offering them monetary and other help in running small businesses.

Made in China campaign launched with Make in IndiaUnder the new campaign China will use tax breaks to encourage enterprises to upgrade their equipment and increase R&D efforts to improve the manufacturing industry.
PTI | Beijing | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:30 pm
Coinciding with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ pitch, the Chinese government has launched a ‘Made in China’ campaign with a host of tax concessions in an effort to retain its manufacturing prowess.
China will encourage high-tech imports, research and development (R&D) to upgrade ‘Made in China’, a decision by the Chinese central government said.
Under the new campaign China will use tax breaks to encourage enterprises to upgrade their equipment and increase R&D efforts to improve the manufacturing industry.
Companies that bought new R&D equipment and facilities after January 1 or possess minor fixed assets will have taxes reduced based on value, the Cabinet, presided over by Premier Li Keqiang, has decided.
Imported high-tech equipment will also enjoy tax deductions in aviation, bio-medicine production, manufacturing of railway and ships, electronics production including computer and telecommunications, instrument production and those used in making IT products and software, state-run Xinhua news agency reported today.
The new decision coincides with the global launch of Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign today.
The Indian Embassy here, Consulates in Guangzhou, Shanghai and Hong Kong held special investment promotion events showcasing the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
China’s new move aims to prompt technical improvement of companies, especially innovation of small and medium-sized enterprises, which in the last three decades propelled it to become world’s second largest economy and made it a powerhouse of the manufacturing industry.
The cabinet asked government organs to implement the new measures as soon as possible to arm “Made in China” with advanced technology and equipment, encouraging more competitive products with high added value, the report said.
China’s manufacturing sector, a key driver of its economic growth, is regarded highly competitive in the global market.
Analysts believe the measures will not only start a new round of innovation but also spur fixed asset investment, and in the bigger picture contribute to stabilising economic growth.

India has potential to become worlds biggest car maker: Maruti SuzukiCosts of production in India increase because of various government policies, procedures, regulations, says Kenichi Ayukawa.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:23 pm
Stating India has the potential to become the biggest car manufacturer of the world, country’s top car maker Maruti Suzuki today hoped factors adversely affecting competitiveness of manufacturing will be removed quickly, in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call to make India a manufacturing hub.
“Costs of production in India increase because of various government policies, procedures, regulations and the way some of the laws are implemented,” said Kenichi Ayukawa, Managing Director and CEO, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, at the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
Stating that India is not the easiest country to do business in, he said, “We are fully confident that, under the Make in India programme of the Prime Minister, factors that adversely affect the competitiveness of manufacturing will now be removed quickly,” he said adding India will then become one of the most competitive manufacturing countries in the world.
Welcoming Modi’s call to ‘Make in India’, he said Maruti Suzuki was amongst the very first multi-national corporation companies to start a major manufacturing operation in India in 1983.
“Over 30 years ago, Osamu Suzuki, Chairman, Suzuki Motor Corporation, recognised the potential of India, both as a market and as a country where high quality manufacturing was possible,” he said, adding globally, Maruti Suzuki is the most successful venture of Suzuki group.
He said the cars Maruti Suzuki makes in India are lower in costs than similar products made by it in other parts of the world.
This enabled Maruti to start exporting cars in 1986 to several countries including western Europe. Suzuki Japan made India its manufacturing hub for compact car Zen in 1994 for export to European countries.
Since 1983, Maruti has been making special efforts to develop a vibrant component manufacturing industry in India.
“This, along with the rapidly growing car production and demand, with high local content, and low costs, was largely responsible for all the major car manufacturers of the world establishing production facilities in India,” he said.
The growth of the car industry also attracted investments from a large number of global automotive component manufacturers.
“Our experience with Indian managers, engineers and work force, despite an exception in 2012, has been excellent. We have been able to effectively implement work practices based on our Japanese experience, but suitably modified for India, that have resulted in continuous growth of productivity, improvements in quality and lower costs,” he said.
India continues to be a major exporter of Suzuki branded cars. Other car manufacturers have also made India one of their manufacturing hubs for exports. Car exports from India have reached the levels of around six lakh units annually.
“This has been achieved despite the well recognised fact that India is not the easiest country to do business in,” he added.

Coal verdict: Investors wait for policy cuesComments
Domestic companies and global investors are waiting for cues from the government on the timeline and rules for pricing and allotting coal mines that the Supreme Court cancelled in a landmark judgement on Wednesday.
Supreme Court on Wednesday announced the verdict on the coal block allocations, which were earlier found 'illegal'. (AFP Photo)
Of the total 218 blocks, only four have been spared — one  each of SAIL and NTPC, and two belonging to Reliance Power-owned Sasan Power Ltd.
Analysts also said that there could be a sharp jump in India’s coal imports in the short-term that the apex court’s decision also affects the 46 operational blocks.
  Read: Supreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
“In the event of complete de-allocation of the coal blocks, the import bill of India would jump by $3 billion,” broking and research firm Macquarie said in a recent report.
Domestic industry leaders said that the court’s ruling will likely usher in transparency, but cautioned that it could hurt sentiments and business climate if the government doesn’t quickly frame new rules and carry out the bids.
“I’m sure the government has a back-up plan as to how to accomodate the mines that have been deallocated,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman, Hindalco.
Tata Group firm Tata Power said in a statement, “Tata Power would study the order... the company looks forward to opportunities of having a new, legally enforceable framework, by which coal blocks could be awarded, perhaps at an early time.”
FICCI president Sidharth Birla hoped that the apex court’s decision would act as a precursor to a review of the “coal sector policy, paving way for full-fledged coal reforms.”
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The cancellation of coal blocks involves significant investments and will impact the economy, therefore a quick response from the government will help allay the apprehensions,” he added.
Arresting the potential erosion in investor confidence is critical to sustain the momentum that the Indian economy was showing in clawing out of its deepest slump in 25 years.
India’s gross domestic product — the total value of goods and services produced in the country — grew at 5.7% during April-June 2014, from 4.6% in the previous quarter, signalling a major jump of sub-5% growth in the last two years. Wholesale inflation rate plunged to a five-year low of 3.74% in August, prompting industry leaders to pitch for lower borrowing costs to assist investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
 

Vama Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 25, 2014, 02.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Vama Industries: Outcome of AGM
Vama Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vama Industries: Outcome of AGM
Vama Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Vama Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy ITC  says Amit HarchekarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy ITC, says Amit Harchekar
Amit Harchekar, Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics recommends buying ITC at the current levels.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Amit Harchekar, Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics told CNBC-TV18, "In the short term there is limited upside in  ITC . There is a good breakout which has happened in yesterday’s trade around Rs 370 zone and that projects immediate upside towards Rs 386 to Rs 390. So we are expecting a strong retracement after the stock test that level."
"From a short-term trading perspective one can buy at these levels with stoploss of Rs 366 and one should start existing the long positions somewhere around Rs 386- 390 zone," he added.
RELATED NEWS

HTC unveils Desire 820  820q and 816G phones in IndiaDual nanoSIM (USIM + USIM)
Dual nanoSIM (USIM + USIM)
On the connectivity front, The Desire 820 smartphones with 3G, 4G LTE, Bluetooth 4.0, WiFi and DLNA. The phones measure 15.77 x.7.87 x 0.77 cm and weighs 155 grams.
The Desire 820 comes in two variants- a 64-bit Snapdragon 615 octa-core CPU version and the Desire 820q version which comes with a 64-bit quad-core Snapdragon 410 processor.
On the other hand, the Desire 816G comes with a 5.5-inch 720p display and runs on a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek processor with 1 GB DDR 3 RAM. Running Android 4.4 KitKat, the device comes with 8 GB internal storage which can expanded up to 32 GB.
Desire 816G is the dual-SIM version of the Desire 816 smartphone and is priced at Rs. 18,990.
Powered by a 2600 mAh battery, the device comes with a 13 MP f2.2, 28mm rear camera with BSI sensor and a 5MP front camera. Both the cameras can record 1080p videos. It also comes with dual front stereo speakers and features HTC BoomSound.
On the connectivity front, it has Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi and sports dual nanoSIM card slots. It is priced at Rs. 18,990.

How a 3-Minute Film Is Making a Long-Term Difference on Climate Changereddit
This is the story of how a three-minute film watched by over 120 world leaders at the United Nations this morning was produced by a newly empty nested mother of three who had never produced a minute of film before.
It began 26 years ago when my friend, Cindy Horn, and I were pregnant with our first born and concerned about what the scientific community was telling us about the man-made threat to the planet that was soon to welcome our innocent babies.
Our concern soon translated into the start of the Environmental Media Association, whose mission was to get writers, producers and directors to include environmental issues into the content of their stories. We are proud of founding and nurturing EMA, with our husbands, over so many years and of the leadership, now led by President Debbie Levin that made it so successful.
Three years ago, my husband and I had Bill McKibben to our home. I had known Bill, the founder of 350.org , for years. Bill was just starting to tour colleges and universities to inform students about the serious nature of the climate crisis and its impact on their future.
I will never forget our home being filled to the brim that day with electric conversation. This was a turning point in my life. Of course, I knew our climate problems were serious, but like most, I chose to keep from acknowledging the degree of the crisis. We gave a lot of money every year to different environmental causes -- we had even founded an NGO. However, once that "ah ha" moment comes and you get how critical this crisis is, you can't turn back.
This was the most exciting time to be alive, but also the most frightening. Every week there seemed to be new evidence of global warming from methane ice melting in Siberia, to new irreversible glacier melting in Antarctica. The situation seemed so dire. The media wouldn't pay attention to the issue, and no one seemed to care about climate change. Even the movement seemed depressed.
But then, a little over a year ago, there seemed to be a sea change in the air. It was as though everything lightened up. Everyone in our movement, including Al Gore, felt a tipping point had begun. Solar, wind and organic products were becoming less expensive. We had reasons to feel optimistic. Even as extreme weather events began to worsen, we felt there was a way forward.
Last February, I heard that the Secretary General of the UN had called a special summit today, September 23, on climate change. Every world leader was to come before the UN and discuss what they would do for their country about climate before the Paris Summit treaty in 2015.
I was psyched. Along with Marty Kaplan at the Lear Center and others we called a special UN support meeting in Los Angeles. Around 50 environmentalists from all over the world came, including the heads of major NGO's and Ambassador Tomas Christensen from the UN.
Out of this meeting I met the wonderful Bets Taylor, who introduced me to another incredible woman named Irene Krarup. Irene runs the V Kann Rasmussen Foundation that funded a great deal of the UN climate summit. Through the two of them, I heard that the UN wanted to have a short film on climate change for the opening to set the tone for the day.
Of course, I kept thinking of someone I could get to help with this. The next morning I woke up and to my own amazement, I thought, "I can do this!" So, my two new lady friends put me in touch with the newly staffed UN group led by Dan Thomas. The team was clear they wanted a video that would be inspiring, empowering, optimistic and solutions based -- this was to be the "Can do Summit!" I felt that optimism, so it was easy to think about where to go with it.
Famed cinematographer Louie Schwartzberg had been a friend of ours for many years. Norman and I had followed his career in nature films and his heart-felt spiritual journey for a long time and had always been admirers.
Louie and I were simpatico from the very start. We shared a common vision and shared similar values. Louie was and is a joy to work with. From the beginning, we had two films in mind. The short film that became "What's Possible," which will be viewed by all the world leaders at the UN Climate Summit and then we will release the short film that is "A World of Solutions."
We weren't sure how to start. But I did know who to go to for the script, and that was Scott Z. Burns. Scott and I had known one another for years, and he had a sterling reputation in all areas of filmmaking, but I knew of him as a terrific writer. I also knew he cared deeply about the environment, being one of the producers on The Inconvenient Truth. Scott immediately stood up and wrote the spine and essence of our little film, "What's Possible."
We also knew this had to be voiced by Morgan Freeman. If anyone ever wonders what the man is like behind the voice, you must know there is a reason his magical voice is so powerful, musical, sensual and simply divine. I've had the pleasure of getting to know Morgan over several years. He has been to our home for dinner. We have run into him at parties, events and far-off places. Nonetheless, it took courage for me to ask him to do the narration for the film. Our mutual friend, his agent Fred Spector, called him for me, and Morgan's attitude was, "I live on this planet too." Morgan's team was amazingly supportive and wonderful throughout.
When it comes to music, everyone's dream composer is Hans Zimmer. I had sat next to the Academy Award winning composer a couple of years ago at a dinner party. His lovely wife, Suzanne, had become a regular at several of our events at our home.
Of course, when I called he said he would turn his world upside down to work on this video for the sake of his children and grandchildren. I couldn't have been more elated.
From the beginning, Hans was so warm. He took my breath away. Not only that, he spent an entire weekend composing such an incredible composition that is so gorgeous, almost everyone cries or gets chills towards the end (Hans felt it needed an anthem!). I cannot tell you how blessed I feel to be a part of working with these amazing artists.
So yes, this little video has been a labor of love. Whether it reaches the world leaders or has a longer life on the web, ultimately it won't matter. The key thing here is we all simply have to do what we feel destined to do. I know that is a strong word.
A few days before this showed at the UN, we had a party to celebrate the Climate March. Many heads of major NGO's were at the party and it was a very supportive, festive event. The film was shown at the party and it was wonderfully received. At one point, however, the head of one of the biggest environmental organizations in the world came up to me and said he thought the film was sweet and could be helpful, but only to a point. I understood what he was saying. This is a 3-minute film to be shown at the UN in front of world leaders who have probably already made up their minds. If it gains a life on the net afterward -- and that is the hope -- maybe it will empower people to put pressure on their world leaders or, at least, themselves and neighbors to become involved in this fight for our children's survival.
We made this film understanding the ephemeral nature of the media and its power. All any of us can do is our best. The real fighters are those on the ground doing the hard work -- whether in their law offices fighting major battles between the lines or those doing the life-threatening fighting in the field. The most important thing I hope to get across here is that once you set your mind to something you really can do it.
Obviously, I have had the help of my husband and all the incredible contacts we've made over the years together. My friends and family have been enormously supportive. We have the Lear Family Foundation and other foundations that have been supportive.
Norman and I share a favorite quote from Goethe, "At the moment of commitment, the entire universe conspires to assure your success." I think no matter what your resources are, whom your friends are, what age you are, what part of the world you live in, once you make that commitment you will find your unique opportunity to give back and the universe will support you. It is a very personal experience. This is my story of how this three-minute video got made. It is here on this page for you to see. We all hope you enjoy it and will pass it around. It really wasn't made for those world leaders -- it was made for you.
You can get started now, by sharing our film and its message of hope on social media. Or by here , where you'll find several powerful climate petitions directed straight at world leaders.
This post is part of a month-long series produced by The Huffington Post in conjunction with a variety of events being held in September recognizing the threats posed by climate change. Those events include the UN's Climate Summit 2014 (to be held Sept. 23, 2014, at UN headquarters in New York) and Climate Week NYC (Sept. 22-28, 2014, throughout New York City). To see all the posts in the series, read here .
More:

The larger picture  at Hriday KunjUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:36 IST
The larger picture, at Hriday Kunj
Peter Ronald deSouza
Tweet
PTI Why is the fact of two state leaders, sitting casually on the verandah of Gandhiji’s home in Sabarmati Ashram, with their back to the home, worthy of such detailed analysis? The answer lies in the importance that symbols have for any society.
TOPICS
India-China
Gandhiji wanted Hriday Kunj ashram to be a training ground for politics, where the observances of the ashram would serve as the bedrock of a moral polity. The photograph, of Narendra Modi and Xi Jinping, reverses this fundamental relationship
The picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping sitting on the verandah of Hriday Kunj at Sabarmati Ashram, which was Mahatma Gandhi’s residence from 1917 to 1930, is both well composed and deeply coded. There are many messages embedded in the photograph, and since China is the theme of the moment let us try decoding them using Confucius’ saying that “a picture is worth a thousand words.” A student of realpolitik would see in it a high level of comfort between the two world leaders with no awkwardness and no sign of one being daunted by the reputation of the other. The body language conveys respect for each other. From a state centric perspective, this is a perfect photograph. A public relations officer could not ask for more for it has all the soft power elements needed for such a meeting; two heads of government relaxing on a verandah exchanging opinions on world, domestic, or perhaps even personal affairs. In form it is similar to the highly choreographed photographs of G7 heads of government heading out for a game of golf.
Symbols and society
In this perfect picture, Prime Minister Modi and President Xi Jinping, representatives of 2.5 billion people, look so relaxed as they sit on the verandah talking. It seems that they could be sitting on a bench by the Sabarmati riverfront gossiping. To an analyst of realpolitik, the photograph announces India’s acceptance as a global power. The message that comes across, loud and clear, is that for the two heads of government the picture alone was important, the location was not. It was a statement of state power. It needed to tell the world that the two leaders, and therefore the two countries, can, and will, do business with each other. For the purposes of the photograph, the verandah could be anywhere.
But it was not anywhere. And that is where the problem of another reading comes. The verandah is that of the Mahatma’s home at Hriday Kunj. To complicate matters further, this is not just any home, say a place like Birla House in Delhi, but his home in the Sabarmati Ashram. Why is the fact of two state leaders, sitting casually on the verandah of Gandhiji’s home in Sabarmati Ashram, with their back to the home, worthy of such detailed analysis? Why does one want to give the photograph more semiotic content than it can apparently support?
The answer lies in the importance that symbols have for any society. Symbols give a society a sense of worth and purpose, allowing it to distinguish the special from the ordinary, the valued from the worthless. Symbols play a significant part in the making of a culture. A modern state needs to add elements to its culture that are consistent with its philosophy. This it does by conferring meaning on a new act or place. Any society, especially the ones as ancient as India and China, have, in their history, created many sites on their territory that they come to regard as hallowed land. This sacred status is given either because an event of importance has taken place there, such as Jallianwalla Bagh, or because an important moral statement, that went on to define the core of that civilisation’s weltanschauung, was enunciated there, such as Buddha’s sermon at Sarnath, or because an iconic figure is buried there, such as the shrine to the Sufi saint Moinuddin Chisti at Ajmer Sharif.
To finesse the argument, we must distinguish between hallowed sites and important sites in the symbolic landscape of a society. A hallowed site requires one sort of behaviour from the visitor and an important site another. At Red Fort, for instance, an important site where the Prime Minister gives the Independence day address, one would expect one sort of behaviour, while at Deekshabhoomi, where Dr. Ambedkar converted to Buddhism, a hallowed site, one would expect another. When the 12 gram sabhas at Niyamgiri in Odisha voted against mineral exploration at Niyamgiri hill, they were voting to preserve the sacredness of the hill and in opposition to capitalist behaviour which they considered disrespectable of their sacred site. Sacredness was more important than wealth. Sometimes, societies establish such preferences.
The question then arises is whether Hriday Kunj merits the status of a sacred site. From the biographies of Gandhiji, one learns how central it was in the struggle for freedom. You read of how he chose the site, between a jail and crematorium, “as he believed that a satyagrahi has to invariably go to either place.” You learn of the morning prayers that were, and are, held there. The ashram website tells you that his vision for the ashram was for it “to serve as an institution that would carry on a search for truth and a platform to bring together a group of workers committed to non-violence who would help secure freedom for India.” It was one of the main centres of India’s freedom movement. It was a site from which satyagraha emerged as a moral statement against state power, especially imperial power.
The moral with the political
The ashram is a moral message in material form. When you walk into its campus, you definitely feel you are in a hallowed place. It is simple in its construction and yet you can see in its layout a thing of beauty. It gives you a feeling of spiritual power. Even a non-believer would feel this. In Gandhiji’s home, a simple charka, complete in its minimalism, sits on the verandah. When you look at it, you are astounded by the thought that the spinning of this simple instrument galvanised a nation. From this humble abode, a dream was launched that brought an imperial power to its knees. The sacredness of Hriday Kunj is so palpable. The demonstration of state power, the photograph, seems so out of place here since this is a site that combines moral force with political power. It embodies the spirit of India’s freedom movement. It is to contemporary India what, I suppose, Mao’s mausoleum is to contemporary China, a place of reverence, a site from which its new civilisation will be constructed.
What makes it even more hallowed is that, in addition to it being so central to our struggle for swaraj, it is also an ashram. This gives it a double sacredness. The ashram was to Gandhiji a place where its members were required to practise certain observances if they were to qualify for public service. If the members acquired the habit of these observances then, and only then, would they serve the cause of Truth. From this other reading, the picture we are discussing seems to disregard the sacredness of the site. It should have been taken on another verandah, perhaps at the Nehru memorial.
The other story
One could argue that I am overstating the case. Two powerful heads of government in casual conversation amounts to no offence. But the body language tells another story. It is too suggestive of the strategising that marks state power. Be casual. Appear relaxed. Convey confidence. Communicate parity. It shows, to the discerning viewer, the new posturing that heads of government must adopt in this age of instant communication. Every gesture is important and choreographed because it gets carried worldwide instantaneously. So don’t yawn, demonstrate power causally.
What I was hoping to see, instead, was humility in the photograph. When anybody visits Gandhiji’s Ashram, even the U.S. President, they must feel humbled for they are in the presence of a sacred space from which a moral civilisational movement was launched with the tools of satya and ahimsa. What can be seen in the photograph, the thousand unspoken words, is in its place the arrogance of state power. You get a sense of a place commandeered by state diktat. Rather than the visitors submitting to the codes of the ashram, the ashram is compelled to submit to the instructions of the state, given by some state babu. Gandhiji would have gone on a fast against this arrogance.
Again I may be accused of exaggeration, of being the cantankerous academic. So let us look for more clues in the picture. Notice that there are no other people in the picture. For example, none of the trustees of the ashram are there, as one would expect to be showing the dignitaries around, demonstrating the wonders of the Charka and its philosophy. Should not at least one of the trustees be in the picture? Had they been asked to move away when this photograph for history was being taken? That is exactly the point. Should not the state have submitted itself to the codes of the ashram or do we not think about these subtle but important matters in this new order? Here is a civilisation that prides itself on its rituals, read U.R. Ananthamurthy’s Samskara, so much so that we penalise social transgression. But in this historic photograph, the ashram, its trustees and workers do not have even a token place.
China and India are both old civilisations in which the symbolic has an important place. The new states we are building are unmindful of the core moral message that state power will not, I repeat, will not get primacy in all spaces. Old cultures give a lot of value to sacred spaces that have codes of behaviour that must be respected. This photograph reveals that state power imposed itself on the ashram, blanking out the latter’s presence. Gandhiji wanted the ashram to be a training ground for politics, where the observances of the ashram would serve as the bedrock of a moral polity. The photograph, reverses this fundamental relationship, imposing, in contrast, the state’s values on the ashram. Is this something to think about?
(Peter Ronald deSouza is Professor at the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies. The views expressed are personal.)

In depth: Indias Mars Orbiter has made it to the topspace programme
After a 650-million kilometer journey pampered with uncharacteristic attention, the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) put itself into orbit around the red planet. That means for the first time a space agency has put a spacecraft around Mars on its first attempt (NASA took two attempts to get so far; the Soviet Union, three).
Now that it’s delivered a payload into orbit around a neighboring planet, the Indian Space Research Organization, ISRO, has convinced the world it can also plan and execute long-term missions and the associated logistical nightmares.
The achievement has important consequences for scientific and political reasons, but we must be careful not to overstate this capability.
Until the Mars mission, ISRO functioned as a FedEx-for-space, launching the scientific instrument cargo, or scientific payload, of other countries, and Indian telecommunication and meteorological satellites into orbit around Earth using largely its Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) rockets. Since 1993, PSLV rockets have launched 65 satellites in 25 launches, including India's Moon and Mars missions.
MOM's success has helped India show up China to assert itself as a regional space-power that not only markets itself as a low-cost hub, but also as a country that can set the agenda for regional cooperation.
On a more cautious note, on the other hand, the mission draws the Indian government's attention to the scientific payloads India can currently launch. The PSLV series of rockets are built to carry payloads of up to about 1,500 kg to the geostationary transfer orbit, which is as high as MOM needed to go before switching to a heliocentric orbit. This places direct limits on what kinds of instruments ISRO can or can't send up.
For instance, while all of MOM weighed 1,500 kg, its scientific payload was just 15 kg. In comparison, the NASA Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) space probe that got into orbit around Mars on September 21 weighed 2,454 kg and its scientific payload, 65 kg. So if mission scopes are to expand, and India is to make the best of the foreign interest,, its scientific aspirations and technological capabilities will have to expand, too.
This can be good news for Indian cosmologists and astrophysicists who, like many other scientists in India, have been clamoring for a hike in research and development funding since the early 1990s.
Second, the mission was executed in a really short span of time. A feasibility study was conducted in 2010, the federal approval received in 2012, and the payload launched a year later, all on a feeble budget of about $74 million. That's one-ninth the cost of the MAVEN space probe, $670 million. This bespeaks its original purpose being a demonstration of the perseverance of ISRO personnel, especially considering everything else about the mission was a cobbling together of well-tested components. That MOM had a scientific payload on board seems incidental even if its observations will soon be the center of (much less) attention.
So this would be the time to talk about the launch vehicle program that ISRO's future really depends on: the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) rockets. Unlike with the PSLV, the first GSLV launch came in 2001, offset in time by a decade because certain Russian commitments essential to the program didn't come through. That meant that by 2014 the PSLV program had ten more years than the GSLV program did to stabilize itself, and become as reliable as it is.
The GSLV is expected to be able to carry at most 1,000 kg more to the geostationary transfer orbit than the PSLV. The difference – in capability as well as complexity – lies with the engines. The PSLV has a four-stage engine with alternating solid and liquid stages. The GSLV has a three-stage engine of solid, liquid and cryogenic stages. The cryogenic stage has been the stumbling block because it had to be indigenously developed and its first successful flight was only in January this year.
Hopefully the program will become more reliable in the next decade, and that's when India's claims about being a space-superpower can take off, too. Even if it has launched a spacecraft to Mars, the payload limit and the lack of an inclusive scientific agenda still stand in the way of taking full advantage of scientific interest and infrastructure on the ground. Going ahead, untying this knot is what will keep from reducing MOM's achievement to an exhibition of ego rather than scientific temperament.
(This piece was originally published on Scienceline .)

Iran Puts ONGC Discovered Gas Field on Auction ListYou are here: Home Corporates
Iran Puts ONGC Discovered Gas Field on Auction List
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 16:26 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi:
In a bid to pressure India to invest in a Persian Gulf gas field, Iran has put ONGC- discovered Farzad-B gas field on a list of fields it plans to auction citing delays by the Indian firm in its development.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp, had in 2008 discovered the Farzad-B gas field in its Farsi exploration block in the Persian Gulf.
In August/September, 2010, it submitted a revised Master Development Plan (MDP) for producing 60 per cent of the 21.68 trillion cubic feet of in-place gas reserves but had not signed the contract because of threat of being sanctioned by the US which is against any company investing more than $20 million in Iran's energy sector in any 12-month period.
Iran, in February 2012, issued a one-month ultimatum to the OVL-led consortium over the development of a gas field.
For more than two years, it did not carry out the threat of cancelling allocation of the Farsi block to OVL.
Tehran has now put the field on the list of blocks it wants to auction in future, sources with direct knowledge of the development said.
It has however not yet cancelled OVL's exploration license for the Farsi block which gives it the right to develop the discoveries it has made.
Sources said inclusion of the block in the list of areas Iran wants to auction is an attempt to pressurise New Delhi into investing in the project.
In the past, Iran has threatened to cancel award of Farsi block to OVL over delays in signing of the Farzad-B gas field development contract. But Iran has not carried out those threat because it knows it cannot get any credible international oil company to invest until the western sanctions are eased.
While OVL cannot invest in developing in the gas field because of the US sanctions, it plans to Iran engaged and will make investments once sanctions are eased, they said.
OVL is the operator of the Farsi block that lies north of Qatar. It has 40 per cent interest in the 3,500 sq km block.
State refiner Indian Oil Corp (IOC) too has 40 per cent stake, while the remaining 20 per cent is with Oil India Ltd (OIL).
The Farzad-B gas field may hold an estimated 21.68 Tcf of inplace reserves, of which 12.8 Tcf can be recovered. The reserves in Farzad-B are almost thrice the largest gas field in India.
The Indian consortia would get a fixed rate of return on the $5 billion it will invest on developing the Farzad-B gas field as Iranian law prohibits foreigners owning oil and gas resources. Foreign companies develop the fields through service contracts.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 16:21 (IST)

Sensex wipes off losses after SC coal verdictSensex recovers after SC coal verdict, closes 31 points lower
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 17:30 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After falling over 215 points in the mid-session in a knee-jerk reaction to the Supreme Court's coal verdict , the benchmark Sensex on Wednesday recouped most losses to end with a small dip of 31 points on good support from bluechips like Coal India, Hindustan Unilever and Cipla.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the apex court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crore were invested.
Following the ruling, Jindal Steel and Power tumbled 9.99 per cent and Usha Martin dived 11.83 per cent, among others.
Lenders like SBI and ICICI Bank also logged losses.
A cautious stance by participants before the expiry of the monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday also influenced the sentiment.
"As Supreme Court in another verdict once again declared allocation of most of the coal blocks as illegal, high volatility was seen. Meanwhile, Prime Minister's US visit shall be in focus in coming sessions," said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio.
The Sensex after opening in positive zone rose to the day's high of 26,844.70 in early trade. However, it succumbed to selling pressure after the Supreme Court's ruling and touched a low of 26,560.00.
Buying towards fag-end in select bluechips helped the Sensex recoup major part of losses to close barely 31 points, or 0.12 per cent, down at 26,744.69.
The gauge had plunged 431.05 points in Tuesday's trade on selling by foreign funds and weak global cues.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty after dipping below the 8,000-mark to hit a low of 7,950.05, recovered partially to close at 8,002.40, down a mere 15.15 points, or 0.19 per cent.
Bucking the trend, stocks of Coal India climbed 5.02 per cent, Hindustan Unilever 2.87 per cent, Cipla 2.62 per cent, ITC 1.58 per cent and Wipro 1.56 per cent.
Tata Power and NTPC also ended in the green.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a whopping Rs 1,185.17 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Global cues were not conducive as Asian bourses ended mixed. European markets were also weak in early trades.
Sectorwise, BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by losing 1.69 per cent, followed by Realty 1.69 per cent, Consumer Durables index 1.27 per cent, Banking index 1.08 per cent, Auto index 0.51 per cent and Power index 0.36 per cent.

PM Narendra Modi asks cola companies to blend aerated drinks with fruit juicePrint
Modi said that he has already asked the Central government's research bodies to work on the possibility of blending cola drinks.
Press Trust of India | Tumkur (karnataka) | Posted: September 24, 2014 6:08 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 6:11 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday asked soft drink makers like Pepsi and others to try and mix aerated drinks with 5 per cent fruit juice to help distressed farmers find a new market for their produce.
“We drink Pepsi, Coca-Cola and I do not know how many similar beverages are available in the market. The trade runs into billions of rupees. I have asked the companies if they can blend 5 per cent natural fruit juice in the beverages they make,” Modi said after inaugurating the country’s first integrated food park here.
“I am not asking for much. If 5 per cent of juice from fruits produced by our farmers is added, the farmer will not be forced to search for a market to sell. A single decision can ensure billions of rupees of trade,” he said.
Modi added that he has already asked the Central government’s research bodies to work on the possibility of blending cola drinks, which are widely considered unhealthy, with natural fruit juice.
By doing so, he said, farmers will not be forced to dump their produce and let it go waste because of unremunerative prices and the country can save Rs 30-40,000 crore by reducing the wastage of food products through processing.
According to a report by Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations released last December, the consumption of non-alcoholic beverages is expected to increase by 16.5-19 per cent over the next three years in the country.
The report says corporate manufacturers of non-alcoholic beverages are expected to grow at an annual rate of 16.5 per cent and non-corporate manufacturers at 19 per cent.
The estimates are based on an assumed gross domestic product growth of 7 per cent, which is much higher than the 5 per cent growth several economists have forecast.
The country’s beverage market is largely unorganised, with nearly 75 per cent of the demand serviced by companies in the unorganised sector.
In his 20-minute speech, Modi stressed on the importance of proper storage, processing and value additions, which will be done at the park.
He also underscored the need for adopting more scientific methods of farming.
Meanwhile, over Rs 250 crore has already been invested by the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group in the park and it has plans to invest over Rs 750 crore more over 2-3 years.
Besides, the company plans to open two more such parks at Kharagpur in West Bengal and another in Madhya Pradesh as it expands into the Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) space with its own food brands.
The farmer can get his produce to the food park, which will help in providing proper storage and process it to ensure a longer shelf life. Value additions like turning it into ready to eat items continued…
I have asked the companies if they can blend 5 per cent natural fruit juice in the beverages they make, said PM Narendra Modi.

JP-Reliance hydropower projects deal called offJaiprakash-Reliance Power hydroprojects deal called off
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 21:34 IST
Reliance Power's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project.
The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call of the talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it.
Industry sources, however, said talks collapsed after Central Electricity Authority (CEA) issued show cause notice for alleged violation of techno-economic clearance conditions of the Karcham Wangtoo project, which had an approved capacity of 1,000 MW but actual capacity was built to 1,200 MW.
Jaiprakash Group (Japyee) was looking at selling the hydro projects to cut its nearly Rs 12,000 crore debt.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) said in a statement, "For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG has been called off."
"The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of the shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country," Jaypee Group Chairman Manoj Gaur said in the statement.
JPVL has a generation base of 1,700 MW hydro power (1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo, 300 MW Baspa II, and 400 MW Vishnu Prayag) and 1,160 MW thermal power, including 500 MW Bina thermal project and 660 MW Nigrie thermal power project.
A Reliance Power spokesperson said, "Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and JPVL have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power's acquisition of JPVL's 3 projects with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 MW."
In July, Reliance Power signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of JPVL.
Currently, Reliance Power has hydroelectric power projects aggregating over 5,000 MW under development, of which 4,200 MW are located in Arunachal Pradesh, 700 MW in Himachal Pradesh and 400 MW in Uttarakhand.

Orissa lodges vigilance case against MHA special secretaryPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneshwar | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:16 am
Orissa vigilance department on Wednesday lodged an FIR against , former director general of police and special secretary(internal security) in Ministry of Home Affairs over his alleged role in favouring some steel and cement suppliers to the tune of Rs 59 crore during his stint in Orissa Police Housing and Welfare Corporation.
Mishra, a 1977-batchofficer, was chairman cum managing director of OPHWC between 2006 and 2009, in the rank of additional DGP. Director of state vigilance KB Singh said a case under Prevention of Corruption Act and other sections of IPC was lodged against Mishra as he gave advance payment of Rs 59 crore to some steel and cement suppliers in 2009. Singh said a special audit was done which faulted Mishra. The CAG audit too found him at fault.
But senior IPS officials said the vigilance case was a move to scuttle Mishra’s chance of becoming the next CBI director. With the probe into the chitfund scam hotting up in Orissa, the Naveen Patnaik government was wary of Mishra heading CBI. Two days ago, CBI arrested former AG Ashok Mohanty in the chit fund case. The agency has also summoned 14 MLAs, MPs and ministers of ruling BJD for interrogation.
Though he served as State DGP between June 2012 and June 2014 and managed to control the Maoist meance in southern Orissa districts and conducted peaceful Assembly and Lok Sabha polls this year, Mishra had an uneasy relationship with the chief minister.
In June this year, Naveen shunted out to an inconsequential post a day after union home minister Rajnath Singh spoke to chief minister Naveen Pattnaik and recommended Mishra’s name for the post of special secretary in MHA. Naveen replaced Mishra in Sanjeev Marik, a relatively junior officer with a controversial past as new DGP. He was finally relieved last month for appointment as special secretary(internal security) in the Ministry of Home Affairs. Naveen was reportedly miffed with Mishra over the latter’s refusal to help his party during the last Assembly elections.
Though the State Government in December 2013 placed Mishra’s name in the offer list for central deputation, it had withdrawn the offer in May citing acute shortage of officers in IPS cadre.

Make in India set for high-octane launch todayPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:39 am
Corporate chieftains including Maruti Suzuki India managing director Kenichi Ayukawa, Tata Sons chairman Cyrus Mistry, Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani, and Aditya Birla group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla are among the list of speakers at the launch of ‘Make in India’ campaign.
Sources told The Indian Express that six chief executives of companies spanning various sectors have been invited by the government to speak at the launch of the campaign.
Also included in the list are Wipro chairman Azim Premji, ITC chairman YC Deveshwar and Shawn Cheadle, general counsel of Lockheed Martin Space Systems Co, the sources added.
Among the audience would be some of the world’s biggest companies, including European aircraft manufacturer Airbus, German car maker Mercedes-Benz, South Korean giant Samsung Electronics and Japan’s Honda Motor Co, who have been invited to attend the launch.
Modi, who had made an impassioned plea to global manufacturers for setting up facilities in India during his Independence Day address, will kick-off the event. The Prime Minister is likely to announce initiatives for catapulting at least 10 domestic companies into the global value chain.

US Investors Warm up to PM Modi  but Want Quick ReformsYou are here: Home Economy
US Investors Warm up to PM Modi, but Want Quick Reforms, Tax Clarity
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 09:56 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to rollout a red carpet for investors during his visit to the US at a time when his ambitious "Make in India" campaign, which is aimed to turn the country into a global manufacturing hub, needs huge investments.
In meetings over the past month with world powers including China and Japan, PM Modi has won investment pledges of $55 billion to support his domestic reform drive. But no such state largesse can be expected in Washington and analysts say Mr Modi must win over the US private sector to attract foreign capital.
And this is exactly what the Prime Minister will do when he meets 17 US corporate chiefs including those of Google, IBM, GE, Goldman Sachs and Boeing later this week.
American investors told NDTV that they have turned positive on India with the return of a majority government after three decades. But they want the new government to fast track reforms, especially those related to labour laws, land acquisition and taxation.
The taxation issue, in particular, has been a sore point with global investors. Citing the cases of Vodafone and Nokia, SM Vishal, an entrepreneur, told NDTV that businesses in India are being targeted by tax terrorism,
Teresa Barger, an investment fund manager, is still apprehensive about retrospective tax despite government assurances. The investment manager said that the Narendra Modi government should have gone further on retrospective taxation rather than saying "it's legal, we just won't do it".
The retrospective amendment, introduced by the UPA government in 2012, resulted in high-profile tax enforcement actions against global companies such as Vodafone, Nokia and Royal Dutch Shell in the past few years. These episodes dented India's appeal as an investment destination, contributing to an image of India as a country that pursues "tax terrorism".
Contrary to expectations, the new government did not scrap the controversial amendment in Budget, though it has assured investors that the low would not be used to create new liabilities.
The Budget was also silent about the general anti-avoidance rules (GAAR), which had sparked alarm among foreign investors because of provisions that included tightening rules on investments from countries that have double taxation treaties with India.
Investors also want the new Modi government to control corruption and red tape besides changing rules to improve the ease of doing business in India.
According to World Bank, India ranks 134 out of 189 countries in terms of the ease of doing business. India performs especially poorly in categories that involve interface with the government such as paying taxes, construction permits, etc.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 09:54 (IST)

MasterCard aims to replace cash with e-payments7
0
Singapore: Financial service provider MasterCard is focused on finding new ways to replace cash with electronic ways of paying using innovation, the company's CEO has said.
"MasterCard is focused on finding ways for people to interact in simple, smart ways with the ecosystem to be able to replace cash with electronic ways of paying," said Ajay Banga, MasterCard president and CEO.
Addressing the MasterCard Innovation Forum here, Banga highlighted innovations, pointing out the use of biometrics and facial recognition for safety and security.
Financial service provider MasterCard is focused on finding new ways to replace cash with electronic ways of paying using innovation.
#mastercard #financial service provider #e payment #cash
The innovations included the biometrics and cards for financial inclusion for undeserved people in places such as South Africa and India. To the use for the World Food Programme compensating people to convert from physical food to digital food.
"To me these are all innovative. For that matter, progress in the space of prepaid cards is innovative," said Banga.
These innovations would make a big difference in the way people think about the cash in their wallet versus electronic payments, he added.
Elaborating on how commerce was changing forever, he said, "The fact is that today there are between 10 and 14 billion connected devices connected to the internet. Estimates are that by 2020 that number will be somewhere between 20 and 40 billion connected devices. When that happens, you change everything."
The two-day Forum, held September 24-25, brought together more than 350 participants from the Southeast Asia, Middle East and Africa as well as expert speakers from the industry, to discuss the evolving needs of businesses and showcase the latest innovations on the payments front.
2

While in US  Modi must hard sell India: NR Murthy08:00 am
Almost every developing country has to focus on export-oriented manufacturing to boost jobs, says NR Narayana Murthy, non-executive chairman of Infosys . And hence the government’s top priority has to be to ease the process of investing in India.
He says the government must determine what factors will aid ease of doing business here. At the moment, India ranks low in ease of doing business. He says the government must make it easier for foreign institutions to invest in the country.
Also Read: PM's Make in India pitch to extend red carpet for investors
Murthy says prime minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States is very important. He adds that Modi must try and explain to the US how Indian companies are adding value to their companies, creating jobs for Americans and also participating in corporate-social responsibility. "He (Modi) has to convince them about how Indian companies have become desirable for the US economy," he adds.
On Wednesday's coal price verdict, he questions what will happen to all those politicians who took those decisions, will they be held accountable. And if not, how can future politicians be stopped from taking such decisions (with wrong intentions, if at all).
Below is the verbatim transcript of NR Narayana Murthy's interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Sonia: We do have a lot of focus on the entire manufacturing sector by PM Narendra Modi in the last one month or so. What are the one-two things that you think needs to be done at this juncture to speed up that process?
A: Almost every developing country that has improved the prosperity of its people has invariably focused on export-oriented manufacturing to create jobs for the people in their country. So, therefore, the first priority of our government will have to be to make it easy for foreigners and of course our domestic investors to invest in the India. That is they have to say what is it that we can do to be in the top 10 in the world in terms of ease of business.
As you know we are very low in that index and then find out what are the factors that determine this index, ease of doing business. And then say where are we today in each of those and where is the tenth country in the world and what are the five things that we need to do so that in each of these dimensions or what are the three things that we need to do in each of these attributes so that we indeed get to the top 10 in terms of doing business.
That is the most important thing that we need to do. I don’t think celebrating, holding meetings, all those things will help. What will help is whether we can make it easy for foreign investors as well as Indian investors to invest more and more in creating more jobs in India. That is the most important thing.
Latha: The PM is about to fly off to the US, what would you really have him extract from President Obama in terms of this big outsourcing threat to the IT sector itself?
A: I wrote an article, there I talked about how this visit is extremely important for our PM and for the country. It is very important for our PM who has a very charming personality to make friends with President Barack Obama as well as key legislatives in that country and explain how Indian companies are adding value to the American companies - to make them very competitive, not just in the US but in other markets too, explain how we are working to create more and more jobs for American citizens and American permanent residents, talk about how we are taking part in many corporate social responsibility activities. In other words, how Indian companies have become desirable for the US economy. That is something that he has to do.
The second important thing is we have to re-establish connection between the higher educational institutions and institutions of research in the US with similar institutions in India. These are two extremely important areas.
Latha: But you expect that outsourcing will itself be a subject he will handle, any specific tweaking that the IT sector is asking him to do or should ask him to do?
A: I don’t think a foreigner can say you should change this or that. What we as foreigners can do is to communicate our side of the story to impress upon them that we are good corporate citizens, that we have the best interest of the US economy at heart and then automatically we will have to leave it to their judgement to ensure that we get what we want.
Sonia: You said that in the ease of doing business India is very low in the ranks which is true because of a whole host of issues like land issues, there are environmental clearance issues and now this latest ruling that has come in from the Supreme Court (SC) with respect to coal block allocations, that raises the uncertainty for a whole host of sectors like power, infrastructure, banks, etc. How long do you think it could take for the new government to iron out a lot of these issues?
A: The new government has started on a good footing, they are very enthusiastic, PM himself is truly an extraordinary leader. But even somebody like him cannot undo the damage that has already happened. While the SC has said that all those allocations are reversed, what about those guys who made those decisions? What is their accountability, what is their culpability? Because if we did not hold them responsible, if we did not make them suffer for their malintentions, if it is indeed malintention, if they have done something wrong then how do we prevent future political leaders and bureaucrats from continuing these things. Therefore, just cancelling the allocation is not the only thing that needs to be done. You will have to punish those who are guilty of making those allocations if those allocations are indeed wrongly done.
Latha: Let me get to the other issue on digital India. It was very large hearted of the PM to withdraw the earlier position of the NDA and accept the UIDAI as the basis on which a large part of digitising India will go on. But he has declared ‘Digital India’ as one of his big goals. What are the pieces that need to first fall in place?
A: I have tremendous respect for Narendra Modi. I myself had an experience when he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat that raised my respect for him. The fact that he has reversed the position of some of the candidates who fought against Nandan and he has a large heart, the magnanimity and the grace to accept UIDAI, is an extraordinary thing of which we should all congratulate him and salute him.
Having said that, Digital India is all about bringing the power of internet, bringing the power of death of distance, bringing the power of death of time zones to the betterment of every Indian.
Now, no such infrastructure will be useful unless there are lots of applications that the users can access. Today an Apple store or a Samsung store or a Google store, they are all very useful, those devices are very useful mainly because of the applications. So therefore the first duty in Digital India is to create a very attractive environment for lots of people to develop applications and to create an app store kind of stuff whereby many of these organisations can indeed buy them. They should be cheap, they should be easy to download and easy to use etc. So we have to create those platforms. But only a few big companies can create this platform. Now, for them to do that it should be easy to do business with the government, they should select only those which are really competent, just going on the basis of L1 etc is not going to work.
Number two, they should honour the contract, if they have accepted to pay some money they should not come back and renegotiate in the middle of the contract and then they have to take quick decisions, they have to accept accountability. They have to say these are the things that we will do and these are the things that the vendor has to do. Therefore, they have to accept accountability for their actions. That unfortunately is not very pronounced in Indian bureaucracy, which has to change.
Sonia: The Make In India campaign is targeting a manufacturing sector growth of 10 percent on a sustainable basis but the fact of the matter is that as per the recent industrial production data which was only 0.5 percent, there is still a big decline in manufacturing output. Do you think this 10 percent growth target is realistic and if yes how long would it take for manufacturing growth to go double digits?
A: If you look at the story of China, they were in the same situation and they grew at 12-14 percent year after year. The remaining 9.5 percent or 9 percent will have to obviously come from export markets. That is where we have to improve our quality, our pricing, our productivity, our ease of doing business etc so that more and more foreigners can come to India, establish export-only factories and benefit both India and themselves from this exercise.
Infosys stock price
On November 21, 2014, Infosys closed at Rs 4146.10, down Rs 75.6, or 1.79 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 4232.40 and the 52-week low was Rs 2894.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 203.80 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 20.34. The latest book value of the company is Rs 733.03 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.66.
RELATED NEWS

Indias drug price control regime just pulled off a logic defying moveIndia’s drug price control regime just pulled off a logic defying move
Written by
Gauri Kamath Gauri Kamath is a commentator on pharmaceuticals and healthcare.
September 25, 2014
Paying for healthcare can push a large number of Indians below the poverty line.(Reuters/Rupak De Chowdhuri)
SHARE
Gauri Kamath Gauri Kamath is a commentator on pharmaceuticals and healthcare.
September 25, 2014
India’s drug price control agency is jumping through hoops to make a bad decision look good. In the process it is sending terrible signals to the industry and to the broader world about fairness and efficacy of India’s regulatory regime.
The tale begins in 2013, when after 12 years of consultations, India brought 348 drugs under its price control regime, replacing an older one that had lost its relevance. The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) would monitor and control the prices under the Drug Price Control Order, 2013.
Suddenly in May 2014, it put out new guidelines, pointing out that certain clauses in relevant laws actually gave it wider powers to control drug prices. Soon afterwards, in July, it announced that 108 new drugs will be added to the list of controlled formulations, in addition to the 348 existing ones. The drug industry marched straight  for the courts .
The parent of the drug price regulator, in a general challenge to common sense, is the ministry of chemicals and fertilizers. The ministry sought legal opinion and found that the May guidelines issued by the regulator utilized a clause that was meant to be sparingly used. It told the courts that the May  guideline would be withdrawn , and sure enough, in a cryptic notification  last week, the NPPA revoked its own guidelines.
That should have ended the matter. With the guidelines being held untenable by the government’s law officers, the act of including 108 new drugs under price control, which derived its validity from the guidelines, should have been considered null and void. But amazingly, while the guidelines have been revoked, the expanded price control stays.
The drug industry will of course fight the measure in court, and it is hard to see how NPPA’s stand can withstand scrutiny, but how the whole episode has played out makes both the NPPA and its parent ministry look short-sighted and casual about an issue that has long-term consequences on the health of the nation. It sends out confusing messages to investors . (Note that stock prices of the affected drug companies have reacted rather wildly to each move).
To avoid future gaffes, here are four questions that drug pricing authorities would do well to ask themselves before they make any more drastic moves of this nature.
Does it bear legal scrutiny?
Anyone could see that the NPPA’s attempt to extend price control beyond the list of essential medicines would be challenged. The industry stood to lose hundreds of crores. Unchallenged, it would’ve set a precedent for future price cuts involving other “non-essential” drugs. Now, according to this report in The Economic Times , the Solicitor-General has held that the NPPA did indeed overreach. Next time, perhaps they should ask him beforehand?
Is it sustainable?
Price cuts, beyond a point, make companies cut back production. A country that relies on private industry to meet its demand for medicines is unwittingly courting shortages when it goes overboard with price controls.
What message does it send?
The rollback emboldens industry to challenge similar moves in future. To consumer groups, the government looks like it has fallen prey to vested interests when all it has actually done is withdraw a decision it should not have made in the first place. In short, it is a public relations disaster all around.
Is there another way?
Well-designed bulk purchases by government that ensure a fair margin to industry while creating access to affordable medicine will be more welcome than indiscriminate price cuts. While much has been spoken of making this a part of India’s universal healthcare agenda, little has been done.
Afffordability—of not just drugs but healthcare as a whole—is a serious issue. Paying for healthcare pushes a significant percentage of Indian families below the poverty line. But the latest episode has made drug pricing look like a game of bluff between the government and the drug industry where the consumer, a mere spectator, is still trying to comprehend the rules. Given what’s at stake, this is indeed a dangerous game.
You can follow the writer on Twitter at  @Apothecurry
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

PM Modi Unveils  Make in India  Campaign: HighlightsCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
With an aim to turn the country into a global manufacturing hub, Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled his ambitious "Make in India" campaign.
In the audience were about 500 CEOs including leading industrialists like Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries, Cyrus Mistry, chairman of Tata Group, Azim Premji, chairman, Wipro, Kumar Mangalam Birla who heads the Aditya Birla Group and Chanda Kochhar of ICICI Bank.
Here are the highlights from Mr Modi's sales pitch to top companies, just ahead of his US visit, where he will be meeting CEOs of several Fortune 500 companies.
I see many CEOs have not got a place to sit, because of such a big turnout
After hearing and seeing people here today, I don't think I have to provide an additional assurance now that "Make in India"
Whenever I met people for the last few years they would tell me- we want to shift out. I never saw political reasons behind it
We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India. Can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months
The most important thing required for business to flourish is trust. If there is any gap, then the government can intervene but we must start with trust. We want to trust all our countrymen
People are talking about FDI (foreign direct investment) but I see things differently. FDI is also a responsibility for the people of India. My definition of FDI for the people of India is First Develop India
India is an opportunity for foreign investors
Do not treat India just as a market, see the potential of every citizen of India... the faster people move into being the middle-class it will create an opportune market. And to move from being poor to middle-class, we must provide employment opportunities
We have to create opportunities of employment. If the poor get jobs the purchasing power of families will increase
Industrialists don't come because of incentives, need to create development and growth-oriented environment
I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance
The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite people. I need to give them the address
Industry doesn't come when there are too many incentive schemes. We have to create a growth oriented environment
Need effective governance, need easy governance for ease of doing busines
Nobody can question the talent of our people especially after yesterday's Mars mission. The parts on the Mangalyaan were made in small factories in India... proves there is no dearth of talent 
Through Digital India we make to make governance easy. Everyone should have information he wants in the palm of hand
We want highways. We also want i-ways (information ways) for a Digital India
The world is ready to come to Asia. India offers democracy, demographic dividend, demand
We have a 'Look East policy' and at the same time we have to 'Link West'
Want to enhance Public-Private Partnerships in skill development. The government is dedicated to growth. There is no political agenda here, this is an article
States and Centre have to work together towards development
This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as multi-nationals (PM Modi to India Inc.)
If you want to capture the global market,  we are ready to stand by you as facilitators
People used to say 'this started in our time'. Now they don't anymore. They have realized that when they say this people will come to know how ineffective they were
Make in India is not a slogan, not an invitation. It is a responsibility for all of us. If Indians treat this as a responsibility, people will come in from across the world
Be assured you will not lose your money (PM Modi to industrialists)
 

Nifty drags below 8000 on FO expiry day  Sensex weakSep 25, 2014, 12.15 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty drags below 8000 on F&O expiry day, Sensex weak
TCS, GAIL, Cipla, Coal India and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers while Hindalco, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, ONGC and SBI are losers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty drags below 8000 on F&O expiry day, Sensex weak
TCS, GAIL, Cipla, Coal India and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers while Hindalco, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, ONGC and SBI are losers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
11:18
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:55 am Expert opinion: Prime Minister Modi is getting ready to hard-sell India to investors in the US, and IIFL says he won't have a tough job on his hands. IIFL is also confident that the Sensex could well hit 30,000 by the year end.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18  from the sidelines of India Investment Forum in New York, Prabodh Agarwal and R Venkataraman of India Infoline said that foreign investors continue to remain upbeat on India , but the pace at which reforms are being executed is a bit of worry.
"What is disappointing them is the pace of action on ground level. Some investors are asking questions about the actual steps taken by the government in contentious areas like land reforms, labour reforms, natural resource reform. Those are the questions that remain in the investors mind, but to summarise they are quite enthused about the India story," he said.
11:30 am Buzzing: Shares of Hindalco fell over 4 percent intraday. Macquaire cuts EPS by 1-4 percent and reduced target price to Rs 150 factoring payment of USD 100 million penalty and USD 100 milion in coal auction.
Barclays is overweight as it sees a relatively muted potential cash outflow impact for Hindalco at USD 100 million with regard to the currently operational Talabira-I coal mine.
Citi has a buy rating but lowered EBITDA by 7-10 percent for FY16/FY17, assuming Talabira I will be operated by Hindalco until end FY15, after which Hindalco would source coal via e-auction.
HSBC reduces target price to Rs 200 and remains overweight on the stock.
Don't miss: Oct expiry to be stable, close above 8000: Hemant Thukral
The market is still struggling to hold up its feet even though Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious Make in India campaign launch is underway with India Inc delivering promise, aiming to turn the country into a global manufacturing hub.
The Sensex is down 164.75 points at 26579.94 and the Nifty slips 48.15 points at 7954.25. About 591 shares have advanced, 1815 shares declined, and 56 shares are unchanged.
TCS, GAIL, Cipla, Coal India and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers while Hindalco, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, ONGC and SBI are losers in the Sensex.
Ramifications of the coal block de-allocation case dominates sentiment, JSPL loses another 9 percent, down 34 percent for the week. Power stocks CESC, Adani Power trade in the red on fears of higher input costs. PSU banks such as PNB are under pressure as the bank is expected to have the highest exposure to power and steel sectors.
Asian markets are in the green as markets are hopeful of stimulus from Europe & China.
 

FDI Is  First Develop India : PM Modi to India IncCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday defined FDI as he sees it. "For Indians FDI is First Develop India...for foreigners, it is an opportunity," the PM said to an audience of CEOs that packed Delhi's Vigyan Bhawan, where Mr Modi launched his ambitious "Make in India" campaign. ( Highlights of PM Modi's speech )
The campaign, he said, "is the step of a lion." The logo is a striding lion made of cogs, symbolising manufacturing, strength and national pride. The Make in India campaign aims at turning the country into a global manufacturing hub by smoothening business processes and attracting foreign companies to set up factories in India and invest in the country's infrastructure. The focus, on creating jobs and helping the "poor reach the middle class faster," said the PM.
(Also read: PM Modi's Make-in-India pitch: 10 key takeaways )
About 500 top CEOs, including leading lights of India Inc, listened intently as Mr Modi outlined his vision. Good governance, he said, was not enough. There must be "effective governance that investors must feel."
The PM emphasised on a need to rebuild investors' trust and provide them with a better investment climate. "Incentive isn't enough, we need a climate for growth," Mr Modi said promising faster decision making and a better policy environment for global and domestic corporates.
Improving the ease of doing business was a priority, the PM said. And that the country must rise to number 50 in the world on that count. Right now, India ranks 134th out of 189 countries on ease of doing business, according to the World Bank.
He also launched a website - www.makeinindia.com - through which a dedicated cell will answer business queries within 72 hours.
Later in the day, PM Modi left for a six-day visit to the US, where he will meet CEOs of several Fortune 500 companies.
Speaking before the PM, India's richest man Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries said, "PM Modi dreams and does, working 14 hours a day and motivates a billion Indians to dream and do," and promised that his company would create 1.25 lakh new jobs over the next 12-15 months as part of the "Make in India movement." (Read: At 'Make in India' launch, Mukesh Ambani pledges 1.25 lakh jobs )
Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry said, "Key challenges like building critical infrastructure and putting in place transparent tax and Duty structures have to be met...Make in India is a unique opportunity for government and business to work together."
Other captains of industry also spoke, each pledging commitment to the Make in India campaign. The Modi sales pitch was beamed simultaneously in state capitals and Indian missions abroad.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 14:06 (IST)

Shiv Sena reaches out to BJP one last time  Uddhav Thackeray speaks to Amit ShahSep 25, 2014 at  02:03pm IST
Shiv Sena reaches out to BJP one last time, Uddhav Thackeray speaks to Amit Shah
25
3
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena has reached out to the BJP one last time to try and settle their seat sharing tussle. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray spoke to BJP President Amit Shah on Thursday evening as Shah cancelled his Mumbai visit.
Thackeray told Shah not to set very high goals and also asked him not to stretch the issue any further. Uddhav Thackeray also spoke to BJP's Maharashtra in-charge Om Mathur and asked for an announcement to be made as soon as possible.
The Shiv Sena has demanded 151 seats for itself, leaving 127 for the BJP. Thirteen seats have been offered to the smaller parties. The Sena had proposed this new formula at the talks that were held late on Wednesday night.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bharatiya janata party #bjp
The smaller parties in the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance had issued an ultimatum of Thursday, 11 am to resolve the seat sharing issue. They were unhappy with the proposal of giving only seven seats to the smaller parties.
The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana have rejected the Sena's offer of seven seats to them and threatened to release their list of candidates. They are demanding 18 seats.
1

In a massive late night reshuffle of central bureaucracy  PM transfers 8 secretary level officersSep 25, 2014 at  04:35pm IST
In a massive late night reshuffle of central bureaucracy, PM transfers 8 secretary level officers
53
0
New Delhi: In a reshuffle of senior officials, 1980-batch IAS officer Aradhana Johri has been appointed Secretary in the Disinvestment department. Johri, an Uttar Pradesh cadre officer, is presently Secretary in the Department of Pharmaceuticals. She will take over from Ravi Mathur, who superannuates on September 30, said an order issued late on Wednesday evening by the Appointments Committee of Cabinet. VK Subburaj, the Secretary in National Commission for Scheduled Castes, has been moved to the Department of Pharmaceuticals in place of Johri.
Besides her, the government has also issued orders for appointment of seven new secretaries. Rajiv Takru, a 1979-batch IAS officer of Gujarat cadre, has been appointed as Secretary in National Commission for Minorities. He is working as Secretary, Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER).
Takru has been appointed in place of Surjit Kumar Chaudhary, who has been moved as Secretary, Department of Chemicals and Petrochemicals. Chaudhary, a 1980-batch IAS officer of Tamil Nadu cadre, will take over from Indrajit Pal, who retires at the end of this month. R Vijaykumar, a 1978-batch Tamil Nadu cadre IAS officer, has been appointed as the new DoNER Secretary in place of Takru. Vijaykumar is presently Secretary in the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes.
The government had on Tuesday effected changes in the mid-level bureaucracy by transferring about 40 IAS officers.
#bureaucrats #transfers #narendra modi #tracking the modi government
Kapil Dev Tripathi, a 1980-batch Assam-Meghalaya cadre IAS officer, has been appointed as Secretary in the Department of Public Enterprises. Tripathi, who is presently Secretary in the Central Vigilance Commission, has been appointed in place of Kusumjit Sidhu. Sidhu, a 1979-batch IAS officer of Punjab cadre, has been shifted to the Department of Justice at the same level. She will take over charge from Anita Kaul, who retires on September 30, the order said.
Satyanarayan Mohanty, a 1980-batch IAS officer of Andhra Pradesh cadre, has been appointed as Secretary in Department of Higher Education. Mohanty, who is presently Secretary in the National Disaster Management Authority, will take over from Ashok Thakur, who superannuates this month end. The government had on Tuesday effected changes in the mid-level bureaucracy by transferring about 40 IAS officers in various government departments.
1

US-led strikes hit Islamic State-held oil sites inSyriaPress Trust of India | Damascus | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:45 pm
Activists say that U.S.-led airstrikes have targeted Syrian oil installations held by the militant Islamic State group, killing at least five people.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and two local activist collectives say the airstrikes hit refineries and oil fields in the eastern provinces of Deir el-Zour and Hassakeh.
In one incident, the activists said at least five people were killed, including women and children who were likely the wives and children of militants, living near a refinery building.
The Observatory and activists said other airstrikes targeted the Nusra Front, a Syrian al-Qaida affiliate that has fought the Islamic State, and which is one of the most powerful groups fighting to overthrow Syrian President Bashar Assad.
Other strikes targeted Islamic State compounds, checkpoints and military vehicles.

Madhya Pradesh: 9 Muslims arrested for DalitconversionsReconversion ceremony was the first time the Jatavs were in this temple, with upper castes jostling to be near them. (Source: MIlind Ghatwai)
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:45 pm
Three weeks after right-wing organisations re-converted several Dalit members , who had embraced Islam in Khaniyadhana town of Shivpuri district, to Hinduism, the police have arrested nine Muslims, accusing them of initiating the conversion to Islam .
The police said the names of the nine accused were revealed during questioning of Dalit converts who themselves were booked under the Freedom of Religion Act for changing their faith without notifying the district authorities.
“The Dalit members had read Kalma in the local mosque in the presence of these nine persons, including a Kazi, six or seven months ago. There was no ceremony as such but they had accompanied the Dalits,” in-charge of Khaniyadhana police station, Y S Jadaun, told The Indian Express.
Jadaun was unable to explain how the nine persons were arrested under the anti-conversion law when the very people they had been accused of converting to Islam had been re-converted to Hinduism at the town’s Hanuman temple.
The re-conversion ceremony had taken place a day after Maniram Jatav, Tularam Jatav and three other family members were arrested and released on bail. “Nobody has informed us about the re-conversion,” claimed Jadaun. Maniram and others had been brought to the police station premises by Bajrang Dal and Vishwa Hindu Parishad members before taking them to the nearby temple.
“The police misled us before arresting the nine persons. I was asked to bring them to the police station where they were taken into custody,” said municipal councilor Sajjad Ali. He claimed none of the arrested persons is a Kazi. Most of them are goat traders and offer regular Namaz, he said wondering how the arrest took place when no Dalit member had accused any one of offering money or other enticement.
“This is victory of Bajrang Dal and VHP. Had we not remained alert many more conversions would have taken place. The arrests have followed our campaign. Had the district administration acted on our complaint before things would not have come to such a pass,” Bajrang Dal leader Manoj Sharma said. According to him, at least one family member of the nine arrested Muslims is based in Dubai and other Muslim countries.
Sharma alleged that the nine persons had offered money to the Dalit to convert to Islam after offering them monetary and other help in running small businesses.

India growth optimism to propel BSE Sensex to new record highs:PollSensex will gain nearly 5 pct more to reach 28,000 by end of this year and scale 30,750 by middle of 2015, according to a poll. (Reuters)
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:35 pm
Indian shares will jump to new record highs over the next year and beyond as a brighter economic outlook will attract foreign investment even if the U.S. Federal Reserve tightens policy, a Reuters poll predicted.
India’s benchmark BSE Sensex, which closed Wednesday at 26,744.69 points, will gain nearly 5 per cent more to reach 28,000 by the end of this year and scale 30,750 by the middle of 2015, according to the consensus view of 18 analysts polled in the past week.
The Sensex then is expected to touch 32,500 by the end of 2015, a 22 percent gain from Wednesday. If realised, that would probably make it one of the best performing global equity markets, certainly better than its peers in emerging markets.
Indian shares have soared more than 25 percent so far this year on anticipation and follow-through after a landslide election of a new government in May, the first majority government in New Delhi for three decades.
That compares with a roughly 10 percent rise in Brazil and Shanghai shares over the same period.
Foreign investors pumped over 762 billion rupees ($12.5 billion) into Indian shares between March and August, nearly six times what they invested during the same period last year.
Only 6 of 18 analysts who answered an additional question said a U.S. Fed interest rate hike, expected in the second quarter of next year, would draw those foreign investors away from the Indian market.
India’s economy grew 5.7 percent in the April-June quarter from a year earlier, the fastest in over two years. That is well ahead of growth in the U.S. and the pace expected in many other comparable emerging markets.
“The fundamentals for India are improving. Consumption is gradually picking up, confidence is improving,” said Ravi Muthukrishnan Co-Head Research at ICICI Securities.
Inflation has also slowed, which will give the Reserve Bank of India room to cut interest rates in the second quarter of next year, according to a separate Reuters poll published this week.
“Inflation is within the RBI’s comfort (zone) and when they start to bring interest rates down, that will be another leg up for the whole economy and markets,” Neeraj Dhawan, director at Quantum Securities.
A majority of analysts said the Sensex has not already priced in expected economic reforms by the new government.
Since taking over in May, the government has only made minor reforms such as loosening the cap on foreign investment into railway infrastructure and defence manufacturing, but tax reforms have yet to be decided.
“I expect fresh reform such as goods and service tax implementation, and opening of FDI into other avenues to be triggers that will take the Sensex higher continued…

 Jaiprakash Group Shares Slump After Deal Called OffYou are here: Home Market
Jaiprakash Group Shares Slump After Deal Called Off
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 10:17 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in Jaiprakash group companies plunged today after the the company's deal with Reliance Power was called off. Jaiprakash Associates slumps as much as 9.6 per cent to the lowest level since August 2013.
Jaiprakash Power Venture said on Wednesday a deal to sell its entire hydropower business to Reliance Power Ltd has collapsed.
"This will further put pressure on the JP group to clear debt in its books. It's negative to the group," said an analyst with a foreign brokerage.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures plunged 7.3 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Perfectionist microbreweries may reverse Japans slide into canned cocktailsMake mine a microbrew. (Reuters/Issei Kato)
SHARE
Heather Timmons @HeathaT
September 25, 2014
Kirin Breweries, one of Japan’s top beermakers, is about to pay $9.2 million for a minority stake Yo-Ho Brewing, a brewery with just 30 employees located deep in Japan’s mountainous Nagano prefecture, Nikkei’s Asian Review reports. While Yo-Ho’s staff is small, the company’s Yona Yona Ale has been lauded in Japan and internationally, and sales have grown by double digits in recent years.
Yo-Ho’s sales growth is a stark contrast to the overall beer industry in Japan, which is dominated by Sapporo, Asahi and Kirin. Overall beer consumption has been declining for over a decade, as Japanese consumers embrace lower-calorie drinks like white wine spritzers and cheap canned cocktails .
Share
Tap image to zoom
Kirin’s deal is the first big acquisition by a major Japanese brewer into the local craft brewing market, but it all the signs are right for a Japanese version of the  takeover of the US craft-brewing industry. Japan’s big brewers like Asahi have sought out acquisitions overseas (paywall) in recent years to offset a decline in domestic beer demand. But continued weakness in the yen and the growing popularity of local craft brews may turn their focus toward home.
Since the Japanese government changed laws in the mid-1990s, dozens of microbreweries have sprung up around the country, not unlike the US’s small brewery craze . Japan’s breweries—often run by families who have brewed sake for generations—make beers that are sometimes reminiscent of European and US styles, but are known for drawing from a “ far wider range of unusual ingredients ” and relentlessly refining their brewing techniques and end products. 
Just as the Japanese pursuit of perfection (paywall) is spawning restaurants that now offer up French food that’s better than what’s available in France and espressos that rival Italy’s, Japan’s craft brewers are now making some of the best beers in the world. They include Osaka’s Minoh Brewery , owned by three sisters, which won the World’s Best Imperial IPA award in 2013:
Share
Tap image to zoom
And the Coedo Brewery in Kawagoe, which won a silver in the “American-style amber lager” category at the 2014 World Beer Cup for its Kyara beer:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Japan’s craft brewers are “taking things from other places, tweaking them and making them better,” Mark Meli, the author of Japan’s first guide to microbreweries in English, told The New York Times  earlier this year.  Perhaps because of these improvements, Japan’s consumption of craft beers increased from 29 million liters in 2008 to 35 million in 2013, a jump of 21%, according to Japan’s Craft Beer Association .
Despite the growth, the market remains small; domestic microbreweries only account for about 1% of Japan’s beer consumption, the publisher of the Japan Beer Times told Bloomberg last year. That’s in part because prices are high—as much as twice what you’d pay for an Asahi or a Kirin. Still, brewers are optimistic that the weak yen could spark even more interest in local craft beers, as US and European imports become more expensive.
Share this:

Nifty cracks below 8K; 5 reasons | Sensex slips 200 points; top betsSensex ends day 276 points down; 5 reasons Dalal Street is sinking
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 04.27PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: 'Make in India' campaign launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi failed to cheer markets; as benchmark Sensex plunged as much as 395 points in intraday trade, led by losses in ICICI Bank , RIL, Axis Bank and ONGC .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological support level of 7900, but managed to claw back towards the fag end of the trade to close at 7911.85 level. The fall in the index was led by losses in power, realty, oil & gas and banking stocks.
The 30-share index closed at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points or 1.03 per cent. It touched a high of 26,814.20 and a low of 26,349.55 in trade today.
The Nifty ended at 7,911.85, down 90.55 points or 1.13 per cent. It touched a high of 8,019.30 and a low of 7,877.35 in trade today.
October is a month with less trading sessions. So the movement would be volatile with more of gap up - gap downs, caution analysts.
"The index is making a Doji candle on Monthly chart. After the run up of the last seven months, if it doesn't settle above 8,000 and sustains below 7,950 levels, then this positive rally may end. We may see lower levels of 7,840 & 7,700," said Chandan Taparia, Derivatives Analyst, Anand Rathi.
(Doji candle means opening and closing at almost same levels after a rage-bound move of the entire month. This is a sign of indecision between bulls and bear, and if this candle occurs at the top of rally then the immediate trend may end).
Here are five reasons that could have led to the fall on Dalal Street:
September F&O expiry:
The market always remains volatile with fierce moves on either side ahead of F&O expiry which is due on September 25 (Thursday). This is because traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series, say analysts.
"Given the fact this is an F&O expiry week, this consolidation and a little bit of profit booking was expected in the market," said Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
"By my understanding, this negative bias could continue but not with any deep or sharp cuts, though certainly, volatility could be the order of the day," he added.
Coal Block De-allocation:
The Supreme Court cancelled almost all coal blocks given to private companies since 1993, delivering a severe blow to firms that invested heavily in power stations and factories linked to producing mines.
Even though the verdict clears some bit of uncertainty, but the verdict will still remain an overhang on markets and various sectors such as mining, power for some more time.
There will be a considerable amount of nervousness both in the broader market as well as in the frontline stocks , say experts and investors can look at defensives and export-oriented themes such as IT and pharma.
"40% of the index - and that is adjusting for SAIL , NTPC and Coal India which are unaffected by today's order - is greatly affected by this cancellation of coal mines. This includes banks, power and metals," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
"So I guess this representation will be more or less similar in the broader markets as well, in days ahead as the uncertainty looms over what kind of auction policy the government adopts," he added.
Sekhar pointed that since the balance sheets of many of these companies in power and metal sector are in a real state of disarray, it will be very difficult for the market to claw back as if nothing had happened.
Yellen warning on interest rates:
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says she wants investors to be prepared for the possibility that the Fed will raise interest rates sooner than they currently project. Her words are going unheeded, said media reports.
Heavy FII selling:
Foreign institutional investors or FIIs which are the backbone of over 28 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex have slowed down buying on the Indian bourses even turning net sellers.
FII sold Rs 1,185.17 crore in equities on Sept 23 while DII bought Rs 325.70 crore in equities on September 23 when Sensex plunged 431 points on Tuesday.
The figure was less aggressive on 24 September Wednesday. FIIs sold Rs 793.65 crore in equities while DII's bought Rs 15.29 crore on the same day as per provisional data.
Technical Breakdown on Charts:
The 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8000. The trend does indicate some bit of bearishness but we are still in bull market, say analysts.
"Even though the charts are suggesting bearishness, but if 7930 is broken down on a closing basis, we can go down all the way to 7600, even 7580. Yet, the bull market remains even if we go to 7200, we are still in a bull market," said Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth.
"If we close below 7930 on Wednesday or the day after, then the bigger fall commences and we will go down all the way to 7650. For me, as a trader that would be more worrisome for people who are long," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five stocks that are likely to fuel market rally | Metal stocks crack upto 18% after SC verdictYou are here: Home > Collections > Ubs
Few stocks may take market rally ahead, says UBS
ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 02.57PM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(The BSE Midcap Index…)
Mid-and small-cap shares cracked under selling pressure as investors feared valuations of many of them were stretched after the rally since mid-February.
The BSE Midcap Index fell 1.2% and Smallcap dropped 1.6% on Wednesday even as the benchmark indices — the Sensex and the Nifty — made attempts to rebound. Analysts said, however, this would not be the end of the dream run in mid- and small-cap shares though rallies will be a lot more selective.
Brokerage UBS has downgraded many midcaps in the last few months because of the jump in valuations. But, it remains optimistic about the prospects of a few that could have some more steam left in them.
Top five small and mid-cap picks by UBS
FEATURED ARTICLES

Calcutta HC directs registering of FIR  CID probeUpdated: September 25, 2014 15:28 IST
Tapas Paul hate speech case
Calcutta HC directs registering of FIR, CID probe
Shiv Sahay Singh
File photo shows BJP's women's wing members burning an effigy of Trinamool Congress MP Tapas Paul in Kolkata to protest against his hate speech. Photo: Sushanta Patronobish
TOPICS
law enforcement
Delivering the judgment in the case, Justice Nishitha Mhatre said that there is no need for a court-monitored investigation into the matter.
A first Information Report (FIR) should be registered against All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) MP Tapas Paul for his rape and shoot remarks and the West Bengal Criminal Investigation Department (CID) will investigate the matter, the Calcutta High Court said on Thursday.
Delivering the judgment, Justice Nishitha Mhatre said that there is no need for a court-monitored probe in the matter.
The matter was brought before her Court after a division bench of Justice Girish Chandra Gupta and Justice Tapabrata Chakraborty gave two different opinions on the verdict of the single bench of Justice Dipankar Datta.
Justice Datta had, on July 28, ordered registering of FIR against Mr, Paul and a court-monitored probe into the matter by the CID in connection with writ petitions seeking action on Mr. Paul.
Justice Mhatre said that the order of the single bench is “partly sustainable”. Whereas she agreed on registering an FIR in the case and a CID probe for the hate speech, she said that a court monitored probe is not required in the matter.
The Judge also refused to grant a stay on the matter for some period as sought by counsel for Mr. Paul. In this situation, the single bench order for registering of FIR by the local Nakasipara police station in the West Bengal Nadia district for next 72- hour stands.
The AITC MP had made outrageous comments of unleashing ‘his boys to rape women of the Communist Party of India (Marxist)’ in June 2014 at Nakasipara which resulted in a huge public outrage.
The development comes a day after the High Court directed a probe by Central Bureau of Investigation in the murder case under Panrui police station in West Bengal’s Birbhum district where AITC leader Anubrata Mondal is one of the main accused.
Both the judgments - in the Tapas Paul hate speech case and in the Panrui murder case – have come as a major embarrassment for the AITC Government in West Bengal.

 BSE Sensex to End Year at 28 000: Reuters PollThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Bangalore:
The BSE Sensex will jump to new record highs over the next year and beyond as a brighter economic outlook will attract foreign investment even if the US Federal Reserve tightens policy, a Reuters poll predicted.
The benchmark index, which closed Wednesday at 26,744.69 points, will gain nearly 5 per cent more to reach 28,000 by the end of this year and scale 30,750 by the middle of 2015, according to the consensus view of 18 analysts polled in the past week.
The Sensex then is expected to touch 32,500 by the end of 2015, a 22 per cent gain from Wednesday. If realised, that would probably make it one of the best performing global equity markets, certainly better than its peers in emerging markets.
Indian shares have soared more than 25 per cent so far this year on anticipation and follow-through after a landslide election of new government in May.
That compares with a roughly 10 per cent rise in Brazil and Shanghai shares over the same period.
Foreign investors pumped over Rs 76,200 crore into Indian shares between March and August, nearly six times what they invested during the same period last year.
Only 6 of 18 analysts who answered an additional question said a US Fed interest rate hike, expected in the second quarter of next year, would draw those foreign investors away from the Indian market.
India's economy grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter from a year earlier, the fastest in over two years. That is well ahead of growth in the US and the pace expected in many other comparable emerging markets.
"The fundamentals for India are improving. Consumption is gradually picking up, confidence is improving," said Ravi Muthukrishnan Co-Head Research at ICICI Securities.
Inflation has also slowed, which will give the Reserve Bank of India room to cut interest rates in the second quarter of next year, according to a separate Reuters poll published this week.
"Inflation is within the RBI's comfort (zone) and when they start to bring interest rates down, that will be another leg up for the whole economy and markets," Neeraj Dhawan, director at Quantum Securities.
A majority of analysts said the Sensex has not already priced in expected economic reforms by the new government.
Since taking over in May, the government has only made minor reforms such as loosening the cap on foreign investment into railway infrastructure and defence manufacturing, but tax reforms have yet to be decided.
"I expect fresh reform such as goods and service tax implementation, and opening of FDI into other avenues to be triggers that will take the Sensex higher next year," said CA Rudramurthy, Research Head at Vachana Securities.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Pranab Mukherjee condoles deaths in Assam  Meghalaya floodsSep 25, 2014 at 01:20pm IST
Pranab Mukherjee condoles deaths in Assam, Meghalaya floods
9
0
New Delhi: President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday condoled the loss of lives due to floods in Meghalaya and Assam. He wished speedy recovery for those who are injured, a statement said.
In messages sent to Meghalaya Governor Krishan Kant Paul and Assam Governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik, the president said, "I am deeply saddened to learn about heavy rains leading to floods and landslides in certain areas of the states, which have caused loss of lives, injuries and damage to property. I understand rescue and relief operations are currently underway."
"I call upon the state governments and other authorities to provide all possible aid to the bereaved families, who have lost their near and dear ones as well as medical assistance to the injured," Mukherjee said.
President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday condoled the loss of lives due to floods in Meghalaya and Assam.
"Please convey my heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased. I wish speedy recovery to the injured people," he said.
4

Family of youth killed by tiger blame security guards  seek justiceSep 25, 2014 at 01:06pm IST
Family of youth killed by tiger blame security guards, seek justice
6
1
New Delhi: The family of the 20-year-old youth who was mauled to death by a white tiger at the Delhi zoo on Wednesday demanded strict action against the security guards who "did not act" when the victim fell into the enclosure.
"My son was not at fault. It should be investigated whether he jumped or was pushed into the enclosure. But the security guards posted at that time should have acted," Mehfooj, father of Maksood who was killed by the tiger on Tuesday.
"The tiger was standing in front of him (Maksood) for more than 10 minutes. It was a long period of time in which the zoo staff could have saved my son," he said.
The family of youth who was mauled to death by a tiger at the Delhi zoo demanded strict action against the security guards.
Police should investigate the case and put such people behind bars, he added.
Mehfooj is a labourer and lives in Delhi's Anand Parbat area with his family.
The Delhi zoo authorities, however, refuted his claims and said the guard posted at the enclosure tried to stop the youth twice.
"But Maksood crossed the stand-off barriers when the guard was not looking. He then jumped into the enclosure," said R.A. Khan, curator of the National Zoological Park.
Khan also alleged that Maksood was drunk at the time.
Police said they were waiting for the post-mortem report, expected in a day or two.
"We have registered a case under section 304 A (causing death by negligence) against unknown people. Our probe is on," said a police officer.
Videos recorded by other visitors on their mobile phones also showed that Maksood was crouching against the wall for a few minutes while the tiger stood in front of him.
3

PM Narendra Modi launches the Make in IndiawebsiteThe Make in India website.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:09 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 2:15 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s clarion call to attract investors to India seems to have resonated big time with the intended target audience. To back up his rhetoric, PM Modi on Thursday launched the Make In India campaign at a programme in Vigyan Bhavan, New Delhi.
Promising the investors a conducive environment, Modi said the government will focus on the manufacturing sector, which will create job opportunities.
The prime minister launched a website called Makeinindia.com. The website’s homepage opens with a logo of a lion, symbolising the Ashoka Chakra. Other widgets on the website homepage will inform you about Sectors, Live Projects, Policies and FAQ’s. The Sectors topic covers almost everything from Automobiles, Space, Aviation, Chemicals, Renewable Energy to Wellness and Tourism.
Live Projects gives a summary and a brief backgrounder on the much-vaunted Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and its potential impact on India. Under Policies, the latest information and policy changes on the new initiatives, foreign direct investment, intellectual property rights and national manufacturing are underlined.
And most of all, the Make in India programme, according to the website, “represents an attitudinal shift in how India relates to investors: not as a permit-issuing authority, but as a true business partner.”

India s 100 richest are all billionaires; Mu...You are here: Home > Collections > Forbes
India's 100 richest are all billionaires; Mukesh Ambani tops list
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 02.10PM IST
Tags:
billionaires
(The 100 richest tycoons…)
SINGAPORE: For the first time, the 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires with Mukesh Ambani topping the league for the eighth consecutive year, according to Forbes.
With a net worth of $23.6 billion, up $2.6 billion from last year, RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.
Ambani was followed by Dilip Shanghvi , who got richer this year by $4.1 billion. Shanghvi is the new No. 2, after he displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal ($15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place.
Wipro's Azim Premji moved up one notch to the number three position as his net wealth increased to $16.4 billion from $13.8 billion previously. Pallonji Mistry, patriarch of construction giant Shapoorji Pallonji Group which is the biggest shareholder in Tata Sons with a new worth of $15.9 billion, was placed in the fourth place.
Forbes said that "good days are here" for the India's 100 Richest , as the top 100 richest Indians are all billionaires with combined wealth of $ 346 billion, up more than a third from $259 billion in 2013.
Propelled by the euphoria after the Bharatiya Janata Party's landslide victory in May, the stock market has gained 28 per cent since January, driving the net-worth of the uber-rich people in India.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to 11th rank in the list, adding nearly $4.5 billion to his wealth which reached $7.1 billion on soaring share prices.
"Shares of Adani's companies started soaring ahead of the elections on hopes of a BJP victory. The gains added close to $4.5 billion to his wealth, more than anyone else," Forbes said.
Others in the top 10 include NRI businessmen Hinduja Brothers who were at the sixth position with a net worth of $13.3 billion, followed by Shiv Nadar (7th, $ 12.5 billion), Godrej family (8th, $11.6 billion), Kumar Birla (9th, $9.2 billion) and Sunil Mittal & family (10th, $7.8 billion).
As many as 85 of the 89 who returned to the top 100 from last year are wealthier, and several are billionaires for the first time.
Among them are Qimat Rai Gupta (ranked 48, net worth $1.95 billion), Chairman of Havells; V G Siddhartha (75, $1.27 billion), founder of the Cafe Coffee Day chain; and brothers Harsh Goenka (82, $1.18 billion) and Sanjiv Goenka (69, $1.4 billion), who run their independent empires and are listed separately.
On Adani who was placed 11th on the list, Forbes said that he snatched the biggest bonanza from the stock market rally.
"Snatching the biggest bonanza is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who hails from Modi's native Gujarat state and is known to be the PM's personal friend," Forbes said.
The rising market also restored some to the billionaire ranks, including property baron Vikas Oberoi (84, $1.2 billion) and pharma entrepreneur Habil Khorakiwala (76, $1.3 billion), Forbes said.
Others in top 20 include Savitri Jindal & family at 12th place with a net worth of $6.4 billion; Anil Ambani (13, $6.3 billion); Cyrus Poonawalla (14, $6.2 billion); Uday Kotak (15, $6.1 billion); Shashi & Ravi Ruia (16, $5.9 billion); Micky Jagtiani (17, $5.1 billion); Anand Burman (18, $4.9 billion); Desh Bandhu Gupta (19, $4.8 billion) and Bajaj Family (20, $4.1 billion).
"Pharma is on a roll: More than a fifth of the 100 have pharma and health care riches," Forbes said.
The pharma billionaires include Hasmukh Chudgar, whose Intas Pharmaceuticals was recently valued by Temasek at $1.4 billion and is ranked 80 on the list with a net worth of $1.2 billion.
Moreover, entrepreneur P V Ramprasad Reddy, ranked 54th on the list with a net wealth of $1.8 billion, is one of three returnees to the list, who came back after four years on a threefold jump in shares of his Aurobindo Pharma.
The biggest loser this year is Indus Gas founder Ajay Kalsi, who lost $1 billion after the government deferred a decision on increasing nation's natural gas prices. Kalsi was ranked 85th on the list with a net worth of $1.2 billion.
The minimum amount required to make the list was USD 1 billion, up from $635 million in 2013.
With a record $1 billion as the minimum net worth this year, as many as 11 people could not make it to this year's list including Brij Bhushan Singal, whose Bhushan Steel's shares tanked after son Neeraj was arrested in a corruption scandal, Forbes said.
The flamboyant Vijay Mallya, who was tagged by his bankers as a "willful defaulter" also dropped off from the list, it added.
The list was compiled using shareholding and financial information obtained from the families and individuals, stock exchanges, analysts and India's regulatory agencies.
The ranking listed family fortunes, including those shares among extended families such as the Godrej and Bajaj families.
Public fortunes were calculated based on stock prices and exchange rates as of September 12. Private companies were valued based on similar companies that are publicly traded.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airbus begins test flights on new A320neoAirbus begins test flights on revamped A320neo
By Peggy Hollinger, Industry Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9d8757a-4441-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex Falls Nearly 300 Points; RIL  ONGC Slump Over 3%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Down Nearly 200 Points; Banks, Oil and Gas Stocks Drag
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 13:07 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Markets continue to witness selling pressure in the afternoon trade with oil and gas shares losing the most after the government postponed the decision on gas pricing till November 15. ONGC traded 2.73 per cent lower at Rs 402.40 whereas Reliance Industries was down nearly 2 per cent. The oil and gas sub-index of BSE was down 1.44 per cent.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers in India equities on Wednesday which weighed on the sentiment and added further steam to the selling. Expiry of the current month derivative contract also weighed on sentiment.
Among other sectoral indices Bank Nifty, CNX Energy and BSE Metal index were the biggest losers.
Jindal Steel & Power and Hindalco extended fall for the second day as brokerages downgrade the stocks after Wednesday's coal verdict. Both the stocks were down nearly 8 per cent each and were the top loser in the Nifty.
State-owned banks also witnessed selling pressure on account of asset quality concerns and their exposure to companies whose coal block allocation have been cancelled. State Bank of India was down 2.56 per cent, PNB and Oriental Bank of Commerce were down nearly 5 per cent each. Bank of India traded 4 per cent lower. The CNX PSU Bank index was down over 3 per cent.
As of 12.45 p.m. Sensex traded 0.71 per cent lower at 26,553.52 whereas Nifty was down 53 points at 7,949.30.
Stocks like Cipla, TCS, Dr. Reddy's Lab saw some buying as investors prefered to stay with defensive stocks. Cipla was the top gainer on Nifty with 2.33 per cent gains.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 13:07 (IST)

 JSPL Slumps; Credit Suisse DowngradesYou are here: Home Market
Jindal Steel and Power Slumps; Credit Suisse Downgrades
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 14:46 (IST)
Shares in Jindal Steel and Power fell 7.8 per cent, adding to Wednesday's 10 per cent slump.
Jindal hits lowest intraday level since 2009.
Credit Suisse downgrades Jindal to "underperform" from "neutral", cuts target price to Rs 158 from Rs 254.
The Supreme Court's verdict cancelling coal blocks could hit Jindal's profit and fair value, Credit Suisse says.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty breaks 7950  Sensex sheds 200 pts; TCS  Cipla rallySep 25, 2014, 03.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
TCS, GAIL, Dr Reedy's Labs, Infosys and Cipla are top gainers while Axis Bank, Hindalco, SBI, BHEL and Reliance are major losers.
03:20 pm Market check
The market has recovered a bit.  The Sensex is down 256.82 points or 0.9 percent at 26487.87 and the Nifty is down 84.75 points or 1 percent at 7917.65. About 613 shares have advanced, 2334 shares declined, and 84 shares are unchanged.
3:05 pm Nifty has breached 7900 for the first time in one month. The Nifty is down 122.00 points or 1.5 percent at 7880.40 just ahead of the August F&O series and the Sensex is down 389.42 points or 1.46  at 26355.27. About 593 shares have advanced, 2312 shares declined, and 80 shares are unchanged. 
03:00pm Market Check
The market turnover today crossed the Rs 7 lakh crore mark for the first time ever.
The Sensex fell 282.34 points or 1.06 percent to 26462.35, and the Nifty shed 85.20 points or 1.06 percent to 7917.20. About 622 shares have advanced, 2268 shares declined, and 86 shares are unchanged.
02:50pm Hindalco's clarification on coal verdict
After the Supreme Court cancelled 214 of 218 coal block allocations done from the period of 1993 to 2010, Hindalco Industries said the company had been allocated four coal blocks namely Mahan coal block jointly with Essar Power, Tubed coal block jointly with Tata Power, Talabira II & III coal blocks jointly with Mahanadi Coal Fields and Nayveli Lignite Corporation, and Talabira I coal block.
According to the company, Mahan, Tubed and Talabira II & III coal blocks are not yet in operation while Talabira I coal block feeds coal to the power plant which supplies power to Company's Hirakud Smelter.
02:40pm Interview
The Supreme Court ruling which proposed de-allocation of coal blocks has made the banking sector nervous, raising fears that this will add to their bad debt problem.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, CVR Rajendran, CMD, Andhra Bank, says the bank has exposure worth Rs 4,346 crore to 14 companies impacted by the SC ruling.
He says the bank can look for restructuring of assets, if required. So far the court has given a 6-month breather. In case the government comes out with a coal allocation policy within that stipulated time, and if the coal blocks get re-allocated to these companies, then the move may not have a major impact on the bank’s balance sheet, says Rajendran.
02:30pm FII view on gas price and coal issue
While the Supreme Court’s verdict on coal block removes uncertainty, the negative aspect of the verdict is that coal block allocation will go back by 20 years , says Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, he says that India is hurting from the data put out by the CAG which make no sense.
According to Sanger, India’s power sector continues to be plagued by immense uncertainties and that the power sector is grappling with issues of coal linkage and broke discoms. He feels that the government’s decision to defer gas price hike is a bigger negative than coal block de-allocation ruling.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks are headed towards week closing for the third consecutive session today. The Sensex fell 197.44 points to 26547.25 and the Nifty dropped 58.40 points to 7944 on expiry day.
The broader markets too declined further with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices losing 1.6 percent and 2.3 percent, respectively. About 678 shares have advanced while 2135 shares declined on the BSE.
Taher Badshah, Sr. VP & Fund Manager, Motilal Oswal AMC advises investing in stocks that have seen steep corrections. Furthermore, he sees opportunities in PSU banking stocks that have recently corrected.
Shares of Reliance Industries, ICICI Bank, ONGC, State Bank of India, Axis Bank, Hindalco Industries, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite and BHEL plummeted 3-6 percent.
However, FMCG, technology and pharma stocks (so called defensives) outperformed. TCS topped the buying list, up 2.6 percent followed by Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs with 2 percent gains. Infosys, L&T, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto and Maruti gained 0.3-1 percent.
13:00

India Cements may slip to Rs 92-93: Amit HarchekarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India Cements may slip to Rs 92-93: Amit Harchekar
According to Amit Harchekar, Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics, India Cements may head down and test Rs 92-93.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Amit Harchekar, Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics told CNBC-TV18, "If one looks into the cement sector, like infrastructure and capital goods, it has already given a breakdown from the multi-month support zone and that transforms into a downside of at least 20 percent in the near term. So I won’t be buying stocks like Larsen and Toubro  (L&T) or cements stock even on the declines."
" India Cements was outperforming since the last couple of weeks and since then it has already breached the crucial support of Rs 160, we should see a downside target somewhere around Rs 92 to Rs 93," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Business Today-Yes Bank pick India s Best SMEs for 2013business today-yes bank pick india s best smes for 2013
Apple iPhone 6 to cost over Rs 50 000 in IndiaNidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Last Updated: September 10, 2014  | 09:50 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Nidhi Singal
Apple has unveiled the price of the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, setting to rest the rumours about the amount buyers in India would have to shell out for the new handsets.
 
While the bundled iPhone 6 will start for $199 for the 16GB variant for a two-year contract, the iPhone 6 Plus will be priced higher at $299 for 16GB for the two-year contract period.
 
Apple has updated the US Apple Store with the contract-free prices of both the smartphones. The contract-free iPhone 6 16GB starts at $649, 64GB for $749 and 128GB for $849. The contract-free price of iPhone 6 Plus with the 5.5-inch display costs $749 for 16GB, $849 for 64GB and $949 for 128GB. This year, Apple has discontinued the 32GB variant and has introduced a new 128GB variant.
Looking at the US contract-free prices of the new iPhones and the current exchange rate, the iPhone 6 is likely to cross the Rs 50,000 price barrier and will be launched close to the iPhone 5S launch price. With the current exchange rate close to Rs 61 to a dollar, the actual conversion for iPhone 6 16GB comes close to Rs 40,000. The iPhone 6 Plus 16GB variant is likely to cross the Rs 60,000-mark.
However, this does not include taxes and the currency exchange rate that Apple considers while launching the iPhone in India. While some might crib that there will be a huge difference in the pricing, one should also consider the fact that the 16GB iPhone 6 will cost more in the US as taxes are added at the time of checkout.
Last year, the iPhone 5S 16GB contract-free variant was priced at $649 in the US and was launched in India starting at Rs 53,500.

Why Apple s iPhone 6 cannot be compared to Nexus 4Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 15:44 IST
iPhone 6 Plus (in front) and iPhone 6. Photo: Reuters
What is it with an Apple announcement and a full moon that brings out the crazies in the people? I am sure by now most of you must have seen the Apple iPhone 6 comparison with the Google Nexus 4 on the Internet.
Ars Technica's Ron Amadeo posted this image on his Twitter account soon after the launch of Apple iPhone 6
But it is more like comparing a Mercedes SLS AMG with a Toyota Camry. You could list the similarities in the two cars - they both have a steering wheel, they both have four wheels that the car runs on and a spare one in the boot, they both have air-conditioning and they both have a horn, too. But a Toyota Camry would never be a match for the Mercedes SLS AMG. The same is true when comparing the iPhone 6 to the Nexus 4. Here is a list of features that the online posts fail to mention:
Processor
The new A8 chipset with the second-generation 64-bit architecture is zipping fast. Be it graphic games or any other heavy app, the chances of slowing down the phone is next to nil. Apple claims that the phone won't heat up even at high performance. The Nexus 4, when launched in 2012, had a 1.5GHz quad core processor based on Qualcomm Snapdragon 8064 chipset. Even today's Android smartphones with the latest chipsets heat up. And don't ask about lags and freezing, which is often.
Camera
The Nexus 4 had an 8MP camera and so does the iPhone 6. But the imaging quality and sensor on the iPhone 6 are far superior than most cameras in smartphones today. The new Focus Pixel technology provides the sensor with more information about the image, giving a better and faster autofocus that one can see in preview.
Faster Wireless
The iPhone 6 has faster LTE connectivity and supports higher download speeds. LTE is short for Long-Term Evolution, commonly known as fourth-generation or 4G technology. Apple claims it supports more LTE bands than any other smartphone. Even for WiFi, it will work three times faster than the predecessor and most other smartphones.
Apps installed from browser
Do you actually care about these apps? Apple is particular about the apps listed on the iPhone. On Android devices, half the apps are useless or collect private information and can pose threat to your phone.
Premium smartphone
Since the first iPhone launch, all the iPhones had a premium feel. But holding the Nexus 4 wasn't any match. And most Android smartphones look alike. The recent Panasonic Eluga U has a similar back as the Nexus 4.
Wireless Charging
The online posts also boast the Nexus 4's wireless charging capabilities. But, typically, a Qi wireless charger doesn't accompany the handset and it needs to be purchased separately. Of the number of people who purchased the Nexus 4 back then, I don't really know anyone who invested in one.
Fingerprint scanner
That's one thing Apple has and Nexus doesn't. And this isn't only for show-off as, until now, it was used to unlock phones or authorise purchases on the App Store. Now with the Apple Pay service, it will be used for authenticating payments too.
Customer support
The biggest advantage of owning an Apple device is the service. The whole network is so systematically planned that in case you have any issue with your device, just walk into any service centre. If the problem is beyond repair, in most cases the unit is swapped. It might be a refurbished unit, but you still get the warranty from the date of the purchase. Also, you are saved from the hassle of calling and visiting the customer care like in the case of most other brands. In India, with Nexus 4, people had a tough time to get the handset repaired.
You might call me an Apple fan but these are some genuine differences between using an iPhone and the Nexus 4. There are not many iPhone users I know who switch to Android. However, there are many Android users falling for Apple.

Tips to easily transfer your provident fund money onlineStory
Transfer it now
Online facility has made it much easier to apply for transfer of retirement funds. Give it a try
Teena Jain Kaushal        Edition: September 2014
Nidhi Chauhan, 33, applied for transfer of her employee provident fund , or EPF, amount to her account with the new employer. Even after months, neither her present nor her previous employer knew about the status of her application. While the present employer said it had forwarded the application, the previous one claimed it never received one. Resigning to her fate, Nidhi stopped following up the case. "It is easier to get a loan than to access your own EPF money. I had no clue where my money was. At one point my employer advised me to withdraw the money."
Like Nidhi, there are thousands of people who do not know how to get their PF money transferred. More important, they do not know how to follow up after applying for the transfer.
Consider this. As on March 2013, Rs 22,000 crore was lying unclaimed with the Employee Provident Fund Organisation, or EPFO, in accounts inactive for more than three years. This means this money is not earning any interest.
The EPFO has accepted time and again that delays in fund transfer give rise to a lot of dissatisfaction among subscribers. Realising this, it launched a portal on 2 October 2013 for online transfer of funds. Since then, more than 1.15 lakh people have applied online for transfer of funds. Of these, 90,000 claims have been settled; around 8,900 applications have been rejected.
The EPFO also also introduced a revised Form 13 (for fund transfer) in July 2013. You can submit it either to your present or to your previous employer. Earlier, you had to submit the form to your present employer. Choosing the previous employer saves time (See How EPF Money Gets Transferred).
There is, however, an exception to this. If the present employer comes under the exempted category (maintains a trust to manage money on its own), you can submit the form only with present employer. This is because in such a case the EPFO will need the bank account number and other details of the trust.
KK Jalan, Central PF Commissioner, says, "Earlier, there were three major reasons for delay. First, the documents were sent by post. Second, there was a problem in identifying in which EPFO office was the account of the previous employer. Third, there used to be a delay in transit of Annexure K. We have tried to resolve these issues through the online facility."
ONLINE CLAIM TRANSFER
After reading about the online facility, Nidhi again decided to file an application, this time online. "I decided to try the online route as I didn't want to lose out on interest income."
To her surprise, she could apply without hassle. "Things have improved a lot since I last applied," she says.
The interesting thing is that the online process has not only eliminated the delay in transit, it has also reduced the chances of your file going to the wrong EPFO office, which was one of the biggest reasons for late settlement of claims.
We bring you steps that you must follow while applying for online EPF transfer.
Step 1: Go to the EPFO website, epfindia.com.
Step 2: The home page will show a section called 'online transfer claim portal'. Click on it.
Step 3: Before logging in, check if you can apply online. If not, you will have to submit a physical copy of Form 13 to either your present or your previous employer.
Step 4: After checking the eligibility, log in and go to the claims section. There, click on 'request for transfer of funds'. 
Step 5: Form 13 will open. Fill your PF numbers with both previous and current employers and click on 'click here to get details'. The name and address of the establishment, the PF account held by the EPFO and your name will appear on the screen.
Step 6: Your date of joining, date of leaving and father/spouse's name also appear. This is to make sure that the money is transferred to the right account.
Step 7: You will be asked if you want to get the claim attested through your previous employer or your present employer
Step 8: You will have to type the characters shown in the text box and click on "Get Pin". You will then have to agree to the declaration in the form by clicking on "I Agree".
Step 9: Enter the PIN received on the registered mobile. The application is submitted.
Step 10: Tracking ID is generated.
Step 11: The form will be saved in the system. You have to take a printout of its PDF version, sign it and submit it to the employer within 15 days. Step 12: Note down the contact details of people authorised to sign on the form. These are shown after the form is submitted.
Step 13: Present and previous employers will verify your details electronically.
Step 14: Once approval comes from both employers, funds are credited to the member's account by the EPFO branch office.
Step 15: The employer plays an important role in this process by verifying the authenticity and signature of the employee.
The EPFO keeps you updated through SMSes. You can also track the application through the EPFO website.
PROBLEM AREAS
The process involves four entities-your present employer, your previous employer, the present EPFO office and the previous EPFO office.
Click here to Enlarge
As a result, you cannot blame one person or entity for the delay. While EPFO officials say the delay is mostly from employers' side, employers put the blame on the EPFO. The only sufferer is the member, who does not know how to take the case forward. Plus, there is a chance that your employer may not be aware of the online process and so asks you to submit the form physically. Don't give in to this suggestion. Online filing has made the system fast and transparent. Instead of asking your employer about the status of the application, you can now ask him to give reasons for the delay. With the EPFO helping you track the process online, the accountability of employers has increased manifold.
EPFO INITIATIVES
The EPFO plans to provide a universal account number to members by October 15. This will help millions deal with the problem of transfer of funds. At present, members get a new number with every job change.
Central PF Commissioner K K Jalan
In its plan for 2014-15, the EPFO has stated, "A universal account number will be allotted to the active members by 15 October 2014. Thereafter, coverage of other members will be taken up."
Once you get the universal number, you will not be required to apply for transfer of funds with every job change. Your funds will get transferred to the account with the new employer at the click of a button. You will need to submit KYC (know-your-customer) documents to your present employer so that they can verify your details. But for old accounts, you will still have to apply either in digital or physical form.
'Through online facility there is no paper movement between field offices. Moreover, the application goes to the right office'.
K K JALAN
Central PF Commissioner
The EPFO also plans to make all payments to its beneficiaries through the electronic mode. This will improve efficiency and reduce paper work. At present, 93% benefits are paid electronically.
WHAT TO DO?
Apply online. This will help you track the status of your application and at the same time help the EPFO keep a check on the employer for speedy settlement. If there is no response from the employer, the EPFO can always push it for attestation and verification. In case you are not eligible for online filing, give a physical copy of the transfer form to your previous employer to save time.
Universal account number will give you and your employer the option to go for faster transfer of funds. Till then, use the online facility.

The Congress party never thought in its wildest dreams it will fall below 55 seats: JaitleyThe Congress party never thought in its wildest dreams it will fall below 55 seats: Jaitley
Updated: September 12, 2014 12:16 pm
Related

Here s How Unfair The Tax System Is In Each Statereddit
Most people don't love paying taxes, though they agree on the need to fork over some money to keep the government running. But what type of system do Americans consider fair? And which states adhere most closely to that system?
That's exactly what WalletHub, a personal finance website, tried to figure out in a recent study . The site conducted a nationally representative survey of 1,050 Americans, asking them what levels of state and local taxes they find to be most fair for income taxes, sales and excise taxes, and property taxes. The organization's analysts then compared the results to the actual tax structures in each state to develop a 50-state ranking by fairness.
In particular, one trend emerged: The tax systems in liberal states tended to be slightly closer to what Americans consider fair than those in conservative states. So how fair is your state? Look at the map below, where the darker blue the state is, the fairer the tax system.
Scroll over the map to see each state's ranking. The darker blue the state is, the fairer the tax system.
The average Democratic-leaning state, based on votes from the 2012 presidential election, was ranked about 23rd, while the average Republican-leaning state was ranked 28th, according to the study. However, there were major exceptions to the rule: Some conservative states were ranked as very fair (such as Montana and South Carolina), while some liberal states were ranked as very unfair (such as Washington and Hawaii).
The survey also indicated that Americans broadly support a progressive tax rate that increases as an individual earns more. Here is the average state and local tax rate that survey respondents viewed as "fair" for each income level:
There is a divide between liberals and conservatives with regard to which tax levels are considered fair, with conservatives generally supporting higher taxes on the poor and lower taxes on the rich than liberals do. Nevertheless, even the conservatives in this survey demonstrated a preference for a progressive tax rate:
And yet, the country's real tax structure looks nothing like this. Even though most Americans find a progressive rate the most fair, the average state and local taxes on income actually decrease as individuals earn more, according to estimates by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy.
Of course, it should be noted that this survey, while nationally representative, has a relatively small sample size, and what average citizens view as "fair" taxes may deviate from what tax experts and elected officials find to be most fair. However, the study reveals that the values of average Americans -- liberal and conservative alike -- largely don't align with the reality of the country's tax structure.
You can read more about the study's methodology here.
Also on HuffPost:

Courtyards offer an inviting retreat for apartment dwellersCourtyards offer an inviting retreat for apartment dwellers
Caption Wheaton 121
James C. Svehla/Chicago Tribune
Kerrigan Byrne stands on her balcony at Wheaton 121, an apartment community in Wheaton with a courtyard.
Kerrigan Byrne stands on her balcony at Wheaton 121, an apartment community in Wheaton with a courtyard. (James C. Svehla/Chicago Tribune)
Caption Ninety7Fifty on the Park
RTKL/David Whitcomb
Ninety7Fifty on the Park is a 295-unit luxury apartment complex in Orland Park with two courtyards.
Ninety7Fifty on the Park is a 295-unit luxury apartment complex in Orland Park with two courtyards. (RTKL/David Whitcomb)
Caption Avant at the Aboretum
Avant at the Arboretum
Avant at the Arboretum in Lisle has a resort-style heated swimming pool in a central courtyard.
Avant at the Arboretum in Lisle has a resort-style heated swimming pool in a central courtyard. (Avant at the Arboretum)
In Chicago and its suburbs, courtyards are fun outdoor spaces for all ages.
One of the key attractions to apartment and condominium living is not having a yard to mow.
One of the key drawbacks to apartment and condominium living is not having a yard to play in.
Several new communities in the Chicago area are offering tenants and owners all the fun without the hassle. Their site plans arrange residential buildings around a recreational courtyard designed with outdoor leisure in mind. The specific amenities vary from community to community, but the maintenance and landscaping chores are handled by the management.
The courtyard concept is "part of our overall plan to not only sell an apartment, but to sell a lifestyle," said developer David Strosberg, president at Chicago-based Morningside Group.
At Morningside's Wheaton 121, a 306-unit apartment community in Wheaton, the courtyard is appointed with a heated swimming pool, sun deck, cabanas, barbecue grill, fire pit, dog run, Wi-Fi and seating areas.
Those amenities were a huge incentive for residents Kerrigan Byrne and Matt Smith, who moved in May from Oak Park. They first looked at other communities, but Wheaton 121 "blew everything else out of the water," Byrne said. "The price was similar to what we were paying already and had more features."
This summer, the couple logged many hours in the courtyard. Byrne, who was job hunting, often lounged by the pool. Smith plays "bags," called "corn hole" where he grew up in southern Indiana, and frequently grills dinners. Their apartment overlooks the courtyard, so they can watch the goings-on from their balcony.
"We've made a lot of friends here by meeting them in the courtyard," Byrne said. "One night we all got together for a big grill-out. Some were doing steaks and chicken. We did crab legs, and everyone brought something to the table."
0
Wheaton 121 offers studio, one-bedroom and two-bedroom apartments from $1,260 to $3,700 per month.
Strosberg said tenant response to the Wheaton courtyard has been so positive that Morningside is replicating its design at two more rental communities: Elmhurst 255 in Elmhurst and NorthShore 770 in Northbrook.
"We believe the amenities we are offering are the differential advantage of the 2014 modern property that residents will pay a premium for," he said.
Indianapolis-based Flaherty and Collins Properties has built several courtyard communities throughout the country. The developer's first entry in the Chicago-area market is Ninety7Fifty on the Park, a 295-unit rental community in Orland Park.
"For us, it's about meeting what residents demand in a high-end amenity package, from the courtyard to the interiors," said Chris Kirles, vice president of development. "There is a lot of competition out there, so when a prospective tenant walks in the door, there has to be a wow factor."
Apartment residents are typically short-term residents who are going through some sort of transition in their lives, he said.
"They want to socialize and interact and meet people and have a good experience overall," he said. "We have a great mix of people, and they all use the amenities."
Ninety7Fifty on the Park circles two courtyards, which are separated by a parking garage. One is the pool courtyard, outfitted with a heated swimming pool, sun deck, boccie ball court, hammocks, two grilling stations, a fire pit and large-screen TV lounge with retractable sunshade. In the second courtyard are a fountain, dog run, pet wash, grilling station, fire pit and seating.
"Some people want to be right by the pool and in the action," Kirles said. "Others want a setting that is a little quieter."
Ninety7Fifty offers one- and two-bedroom apartments from $1,375 to $2,400 per month.
The courtyard at the new AMLI Lofts rental building at 850 S. Clark St. in Chicago has taken on historical significance, according to Stephen Ross, executive vice president of development for AMLI Residential.
"During the development of AMLI Lofts, we adopted the concept of connecting the turn-of-the-century South Loop neighborhood with our next-century development by utilizing historic materials found on the original building site," he said. "We saved hundreds of 125-plus-year-old granite pavers from old LaSalle Street and repurposed them throughout the courtyard space. All of the facing stone around the grills, planters, fire pits and seating are created from restored pavers. And there will be signage in the space indicating the history of the materials."
The midrise development presents an intimate setting for viewing the surroundings.
"Residents at AMLI Lofts are able to connect and expand their smaller living spaces with large common areas, allowing them to live small and live large at the same time," Ross said. "The outdoor amenity space transitions seamlessly from the indoor areas and includes the pool deck, dog park, basketball court, rooftops and multiple gathering spaces with fire pits and barbecue areas. In a dense urban environment such as the South Loop, it is important to have green space available to our residents."
AMLI Lofts consists of two 11-story buildings with 199 units in each. The development offers convertible units and one- and two-bedroom apartments from $1,766 to $2,960 per month.
Another rental community with an amenity courtyard is the 310-unit Avant at the Arboretum in Lisle. Within its confines are a heated swimming pool and sun deck, plus a patio with two grilling stations, dining and bar areas, a fire pit and cushioned furniture groupings. Not only do the tenants flock to the courtyard to lounge, but the management hosts resident events such as dinners and wine tastings there, said leasing professional Crystal Campos.
"It's a great place to get everyone together," she said. "Our residents want to get to know their neighbors, and we want to know them."
Avant at the Arboretum offers one- and two-bedroom apartments from $1,197 to $1,767 per month.
Easton Park is a 270-unit town home community in Carol Stream built around the 4-acre Great Lawn Park. Multiple walking paths meander through the landscaping, which is dotted with gazebos, arbors and sitting areas.
Four floor plans are available with two to four bedrooms and 11/2 to 31/2 baths. Starting prices range from the low $200,000s to the low $300,000s.
"In town home living, you don't have the true sense of a backyard," said Cheryl Bonk, vice president of sales and marketing for the Naperville-based developer M/I Homes of Chicago. "This amenity offers the opportunity to enjoy a large open space and to get out and exercise without having to maintain it. It helps create a good kind of family life."

Piecing Together a U.S. Marines WWII HistoryMy uncle, Walter Rybicki, was a US Marine during World War II who died on 6 Feb 1944. How do I find out the details of how and where he died? Where can I obtain the records? - Norm
________________
Growing up in the late fifties and sixties, World War II seemed so long ago, the stuff of family legend at the dinner table (stories about relatives and neighbors who had served and returned, and relatives and neighbors who had served and did not return), or the subject of thrilling black and white feature films at the local cinema or drive-in.  Our personal favorites included "From Here to Eternity" (1953), "The Bridge Over the River Kwai" (1957), "The Longest Day" (1962), and of course the JFK bio pic, "PT 109" (1963).  But without a doubt the depiction that made the war the stuff of popular American culture was the weekly television series "Combat," which ran every week on primetime from 1962 to 1967, and starred the irrepressible Vic Morrow, whose image comes to mind whenever those of us in our sixties think of a prototypical World War II combat soldier.
Similarly, when we both encountered World War II Army enlistment photos of our own relatives -- Henry Louis Gates, Sr. and Delbert Clair -- we were surprised how much a military uniform can transform a person's bearing. These photos transcended the nostalgia and legend of the World War II soldier and became a tangible reality of those spared and of those lost.
Over 400,000 men and women of the "Greatest Generation" sacrificed their lives in service to and protection of our country. Many of their children and grandchildren also recall their first encounter, in family scrapbooks or framed photos on the living room mantle, with a dapper young soldier in his new uniform or a group victory snapshot taken while serving in Europe or the South Pacific.
Courtesy of Ancestry.com
Some soldiers recounted their experiences in the War through vivid stories. But others never found the words to express to their friends or families (even their wives) the depth of the trauma and horrors they witnessed in combat. Sometimes even a person's closest family members only learned about their father or grandfather's war experiences second-hand, from letters or phone calls or stories recounted by fellow soldiers to next-of-kin, after their relative had passed. So if you don't know a lot about the military experience of your father or grandfather, don't feel bad: you are not alone.
So, where do you start piecing together your ancestor's experiences in World War II? Military service records can be a remarkably rich source of information, full of intricate insights and surprising details about the life of your own veteran relative. As with any search for your ancestors, begin your research with what you already know, combined with any clues from letters, journals, photographs, newspaper clippings, and especially family stories. (Family stories can often be replete with details that don't pan out, because of the nature of oral tradition. Remember the game of "Telephone?" Facts get distorted the more mouths there are repeating them, especially over a long period of time. Still, we think that, often, "where there is smoke, there is fire," and often these stories--legends or myths by the time they get written down--do contain a kernel of truth, something for you to go on as you pursue the lost facts about an ancestor's life.)
Because you already know the death date of your uncle, Walter Rybicki, a great place to start would be on Ancestry.com to find his Headstone Application for Military Veterans . From this record, we found some critical information about Walter's service in the Marines, including his regiment, his enlistment date, and his serial number.
Courtesy of Ancestry.com
The information provided on this card was enough for us to make a further inquiry about his service to the National Personnel Records Center (NPRC) in St. Louis, Missouri, a division of the National Archives in Washington, D.C.
It might surprise you to know that millions of military personnel, health, and medical records of discharged and deceased veterans are housed at the NPRC from World War I to the present day. Records become archival and open to the public 62 years after the day of the service member's separation from the military. Records before the 62-year mark are only accessible by the actual military veteran or to his or her next-of-kin.
After filing a request online at their website, we received Walter Rybicki's compiled service record. Obtaining a record such as this can be difficult, because of the loss of millions of records destroyed in a 1973 fire at the NPRC. Fire and floods are the twin enemies of ancestry tracing. That fire left only about 20% of the Army and Air Force personnel files intact. Fortunately for you, Walter served in the Marines, so his complete archived record was still available.
In the compiled service record, we found a remarkable assortment of documents that reveal not only how Walter died in 1944, but also how Walter lived as a United States Marine during the War.
Some notable items include his Professional and Conduct record, confidential letters of recommendation from those who knew Walter well from his hometown in Michigan, and a Presidential Unit Citation for "outstanding gallantry and determination."
From Walter Rybicki's Compiled Service Record
One letter of recommendation described Walter as a "respected citizen, a man of many good qualities, honest and capable." When the form asked the writer to supply any other pertinent data, he explained that Walter was the "sole supporter" of a mother and two sisters, a "natural hard worker, cooperative, sociable and of a family of good reputation." Your Uncle Walter lived his life the same way he served his country--with dignity and integrity.
What did we learn about the circumstances under which your uncle died in the War? We found a number of documents pertaining to this tragic event in the NPRC file. In a letter addressed to Walter's mother, Michalina, we found the answer to your question of how and where Walter died. It reads as follows:
"...While on a flight between the Russell Islands and Guadalcanal, British Solomon Islands, on February 6, 1944, the plane on which your son was serving accidentally crashed on Talina Island...approximately two and one-half miles from Renard Field, Banika Island."
The plane had stalled on takeoff and then crashed. Walter died from multiple injuries; in fact, all of the other 21 men on that DC-3 aircraft died as well. Walter's remains were initially buried on Banika Island, in the Solomon Islands, which, according to Pacificwrecks.com , was a quite dangerous and highly secret military site used for the storage of various sorts of munitions, including Mustard Gas. After the war, Walter's remains were relocated to his final resting place at Mt. Olivet Cemetery in Detroit, Michigan
Walter's mother was later given his military service medals including the Presidential Unit Citation with ribbon bar and one bronze star awarded to the First Marine Division for service in action in Guadalcanal. Walter was also awarded the Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal and the Victory Medal for his service during World War II.
We thought you might like to see your uncle's military ID photo, taken only one week after his enlistment in 1942.
From Walter Rybicki's Compiled Service Record
Photographs such as these contain thousands and thousands of fascinating stories, reminding us that each image we preserve of an ancestor has a small but important piece of American history to tell.  We are glad to have helped you discover more about your uncle's life story and service.
More:

Triangle motifs are trending in modern design0
The latest batch of triangle patterns has shown up on pillows; chair upholstery, even as elements of a chair, made up of painted metal triangles linked together; bedding; tableware; wrapping paper; stationery; and wallcoverings.
This design trend is one that the folks at JWT Global saw coming, as part of a broader theme.
One of the marketing brand's 100 Things to Watch list for 2014 is the concept of "speaking visually." It's described as a shift to communicating more with images than words, not only in the digital world but offline. You've probably noticed it in packaging; labels, for example, with no text — just explosive graphics.
"Across the board, we're seeing a preponderance of geometrics, certainly throughout textiles," says Alexis Audette, vice president of Beacon Hill, a high-end fabric company that's part of the Robert Allen design group. One of its recent collections is Legacy, a collaboration with Ankasa co-founders Sachin and Babi Ahluwalia.
The textiles are an ode to their cultural ancestry and include a vibrant triangle-based design that's embroidered, much like the fabric traditionally found on tents at Indian weddings.
"There's a lot in design for the home — think of Dwell Studio, Jonathan Adler," says Audette. "Part of this is related to (the popularity) of midcentury modern style. A focus on less fussy, precious or traditional. There's something about raw geometry that feels fresh and new. In a way, we're almost programmed for it. It speaks less to a trend.
"In traditional Western aesthetics, think of the Golden Mean, daVinci, Vetruvian man. Art starts out with the body as an analogy for the universe that can be separated into two squares or circles or triangles. The Western beauty ideal has so much to do with symmetry. It's hard to get away from this."
When Bertjan Pot was asked to design for Golran, a family business that began in the Persian village of Mashad in 1898, he chose a kilim, because he liked the simplicity of the flat surface. Horizontal and diagonal lines are easy to create, he says, but vertical ones are more difficult.
"So the easiest shape to make is a triangle," Pot says. From a single triangular grid as a launch pad, he built up a series of patterns. Working in the kilim idiom, one that has a rich, nomadic tradition, is totally appropriate, he points out, because "triangles are of all ages."
There is a universal appeal, one that spans age demographics. When Ashlyn Gibson wrote "Creative Family Home" (Ryland Peters + Small), a book about capturing "the zeitgeist of family living and celebrating the magic of childhood," the chosen cover depicted a dining room with wall in bright triangles.
"The most recent collections from Chanel were based on circles and triangles," says Audette. "When I started to read about the inspiration, I found references to op art. But I think of Sonia Delaunay and Paul Klee, early modernists. And Gee's Bend quilts — communities like these (African-American quilters in rural Alabama) and the Amish were exposed to abstractions."
In the end, it's the creativity that makes the simplest geometric shape shine.

Millennials moving to markets with jobs  according to RealtyTracMillennials moving to markets with jobs, according to RealtyTrac
Caption Washington
Karen Bleier/Getty-AFP
Arlington County, Va., in the D.C. metro area, is the top place millennials are moving, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com. Alexandria, Va., also in the DC metro area, is No. 2 on the list.
Arlington County, Va., in the D.C. metro area, is the top place millennials are moving, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com. Alexandria, Va., also in the DC metro area, is No. 2 on the list. (Karen Bleier/Getty-AFP)
Caption San Francisco
Margarethe Wichert/Getty
San Francisco County is the fourth most popular place millennials are moving, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com.
San Francisco County is the fourth most popular place millennials are moving, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com. (Margarethe Wichert/Getty)
Caption Denver
Tyler Roloff
Denver County is the fifth most popular place millennials are moving, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com.
Denver County is the fifth most popular place millennials are moving, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com. (Tyler Roloff)
Caption Atlanta
Charlotte Observer/McClatchy-Tribune
Fayette County, Ga., in the Atlanta metro area, is the place most millennials are moving away from, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com.
Fayette County, Ga., in the Atlanta metro area, is the place most millennials are moving away from, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com. (Charlotte Observer/McClatchy-Tribune)
Caption Sacramento, Calif.
Hector Amezcua/McClatchy-Tribune
El Dorado County, Calif., in the Sacramento metro area, is the No. 3 place most millennials are moving away from, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com.
El Dorado County, Calif., in the Sacramento metro area, is the No. 3 place most millennials are moving away from, according to an analysis by realtytrac.com. (Hector Amezcua/McClatchy-Tribune)
See more galleries
RealtyTrac analyzed Census population data between 2007 and 2013 in more than 1,800 counties nationwide to discover which markets are seeing the biggest shifts in the millennial population. The analysis further focused in on the top 10 counties for increases and decreases in millennials.

After Decades Of Effort  Chemists Overseas Report  Nano  Breakthroughreddit
Illustration of 'Star of David' molecule created at the University of Manchester in England.
After more than 25 years of effort, scientists say they've finally succeeded at synthesizing a so-called "Star of David" molecule .
The complex molecule--created at the University of Manchester in England--is made up of two molecular triangles that were coaxed to join up via a "self-assembly" process familiar to students of biology, according to a written statement released by the university.
The feat--achieved by Ph.D. student Alex Stephens--was the result of a change of strategy.
Story continues below.
"Previously, chemists had tried to cyclize linear arrays of twisted molecules to try and make Star of David molecules," Prof. David A. Leigh, chairman of chemistry at the university, told The Huffington Post in an email. "We used a process called 'self-assembly,' which is like the way Nature assembles the DNA double helix."
And this innovation is expected to lead to others in the burgeoning field of nanomaterials , according to Leigh.
"By interweaving molecular strands, like we've done to make the Star of David molecule, it may be possible to make plastics and other materials that are much tougher and lighter than current ones," he said in the email, referring to Kevlar and other materials used in bulletproof vests and body armor.
A paper describing the synthesis was published online Sept. 21 in the journal Nature Chemistry.
Also on HuffPost:

Why Unlimited Vacation May Not Be As Good As It Seemsreddit
Virgin Group CEO Richard Branson explained in a blog post on Tuesday why he gives salaried workers at his company unlimited vacation days. But the policy may actually do more harm than good for some employees.
“It is left to the employee to decide if and when he or she feels like taking a few hours, a day, a week or a month off, the assumption being that they are only going to do it when they feel a hundred percent comfortable ... that their absence will not in any way damage the business -- or, for that matter, their careers!" Branson wrote in an excerpt from his new book, The Virgin Way, published on Virgin's blog.
Branson said he was inspired by Netflix, another high-profile company that's done away with vacation days.
In theory, Virgin’s rule, which currently applies U.S. and U.K. employees, should increase productivity and attract talent. Let workers take the time they need for their personal lives, so the thinking goes , and they will devote their work time wholly to their jobs.
But there are downsides. Lotte Bailyn, a professor emeritus at the MIT Sloan School of Management, told The Huffington Post the lack of structure may make workers less comfortable with taking vacations.
“This sounds not well thought-out,” Bailyn said in an interview. “People take less time off because they feel they’re not sure if this is really a commitment to them or that this is more a PR thing.”
She said employees will look to senior staff to set the standards for how much time off is appropriate.
“Typically, without any guidelines or structures, people don’t quite know what to make of this,” Bailyn said. “They tend to fall back on expectations they have formed in previous terms.”
Spokespeople for Branson did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Americans are infamously averse to vacations as it is. About 40 percent of U.S. workers don’t plan to use all their paid vacation time this year, according to a recent survey by the U.S. Travel Association and GfK, a market research firm. In a Daily Telegraph article that Branson cited in his blog post, Daniel H. Pink described the British perspective on vacations, which applies just as well to Americans: “[W]e view them as minor betrayals -- of our obligations to customers and clients, of our responsibilities to the colleagues left behind, even of the values we hold most dear.”
In October 2009, two Harvard Business School researchers studied the results of forcing employees at the international management advisory firm Boston Consulting Group to take mandatory time off. Employees initially resisted. (That month, unemployment from the Great Recession peaked at about 10 percent.) But workers eventually embraced the required vacation days, and the policy preserved "a strong, engaged pool of talent," the researchers wrote in the Harvard Business Review .
Bruce Elliott, the manager of compensation and benefits at the Society for Human Resource Management, told HuffPost that the unlimited vacation policy can be positive at companies where the work is project-oriented.
“They can say, ‘I just finished up a project, now is the perfect time to take a week off before the next one starts.’” Elliott said. But in an office where the work is generally ongoing and day-to-day schedules don't change as much, it can be harder to get employees to decide on their own how much vacation they deserve.
The policy's effectiveness at Virgin will depend on the corporate culture, he said. “If Virgin has a culture with regard to transparency about its expectations, it could work,” Elliott said. “Absent that, who can say?”
More:

Kelly Ripa Sells NYC Penthouse for Eye-Popping Amountkelly ripa sells nyc penthouse for eye-popping amount
Business Today selects Best CFOs for 2014business today selects best cfos for 2014
Why Home Depot s Data Breach Is Worse Than You Thinkreddit
A few weeks ago, my wife and I discovered that our credit card number was stolen. How? She got flowers.
Yes, flowers. A dozen red roses arrived for her one day. This was a true mystery. I don't normally send flowers to my wife -- a practice I've been recently reminded to change. Our kids are broke and would never send her flowers unless it was a very special occasion. She's not, to my knowledge, having an affair (she works full time and who has the energy to do these things nowadays anyway?). Our only clue was the card that accompanied the flowers and which had just one word on it: "Happy!" We were baffled. Who would do such a thing? Well, soon enough the mystery was solved. And we certainly found out why the sender was so happy.
That's because just a few days later our credit card was declined. When we called up MasterCard we were told that their computers had picked up a few suspected fraudulent transactions on my wife's card. More than just a few it turned out. In fact, there were about 50 purchases made with our card for things we never knew about or authorized. And yup -- one of them was for a dozen red roses at a local florist. For almost two hours, my wife went through each and every transaction with the MasterCard agent (who was great, by the way). We are still receiving daily updates and information about the charges. We were without our cards for a few days until new ones were sent. And now the "your card was declined" emails from online vendors that we use are starting to trickle in.
All of this is an annoyance, but a not a financial calamity. MasterCard, like most credit card services, is pretty good with their consumer/customers. They've waived any charges, are investigating the crime (yeah, good luck with that) and are not holding us responsible. Looking back, we're only guessing that the breach was related to Target, because there's an awesome Target store near us that we frequently use.
A few months ago Target admitted that they were hacked, losing millions of card numbers which likely included ours. At the time it was even bigger than the breaches suffered by eBay and Michaels' Stores earlier this year. But then just this past week Home Depot disclosed a potential loss of 56 million credit card numbers. 56 million! Think about that -- it's more than the entire population of Spain and is, to date, the biggest credit card security breach ever. We shop at eBay, Michaels, Target and Home Depot. Oh no.
But hey, big deal, right? If and when those numbers are sold off those unsuspecting victims -- customers of these retailers, will probably suffer the same fate as us. A little inconvenience. Acceptance of liability by the credit card company. Maybe, just maybe, a dozen red roses with a card that says "Happy!" We're not paying for it, so no big deal.
Well, it's worse than you think. It is a big deal.
It's a big deal for the 50 or so vendors on my credit card, many of them mostly small merchants like my local florist who shipped out products and may never get paid. As one report summarize s:
As soon as the fraud is identified, the credit card company seals the cardholder's cash and if the merchant is unable to prove the authenticity, the cash is debited from their accounts. The chargeback money is the fee that the merchant has to pay for letting the thieves use the stolen cards. The higher the number of chargeback fee, the higher will be the chances of specific vendor of losing the ability to accept certain credit cards. These costs keep on adding up. LexisNexis published a survey according to which in 2013, an average merchant lost about .68 percent of annual income to fraud. A merchant has to pay around $3.08 on each dollar to replace the losses, penalties and chargeback fees.
What's the florist to do? Raise prices to cover this cost if it continues to occur? Be a pariah and never accept credit cards? Spend for even more insurance and then suffer premium increases every time she files a claim? It hits her profits and she's defenseless. 56 million stolen credit cards from Home Depot alone means that there could be hundreds of millions of fraudulent transactions that would occur with as many small and medium sized companies who are already running on tight profit margins and not enough cash flow. In a slow economy. Big companies can absorb losses, establish reserves, raise prices. Small businesses, including mine, have less resources and flexibility. We are exposed -- more exposed to this problem than anyone else.
And even if you don't run a small business you'll still be impacted. That's because it's only a matter of time before credit card companies like Visa and MasterCard will stop absorbing the lion's share of these costs start coming down harder on their customers. Is it entirely their fault that the security "experts" at Target and Home Depot allowed themselves to be hacked, which is what is causing this mess? Shouldn't these liabilities be shared more equitably? Financial service firms do have deep pockets, but their resources are not unlimited. If these breaches continue to occur, look for them to share the costs not only with those companies that allow themselves to be hacked, but by raising fees to their customers (yes, you and I) to cover these rising expenses. We all lose.
But the biggest loser of all? Yeah, that's me. Just because some jerk got hold of our credit card and sent a dozen red roses to my wife she's now reminded what a negligent husband I am because I rarely send her flowers. Thanks guys, really appreciate it.
A previous version of this column appeared on Forbes.com .
Follow Gene Marks on Twitter: www.twitter.com/genemarks
More:

The Most Overlooked Opportunity in American Business Todayreddit
More than four million positions are vacant right now in the United States. Businesses are looking at a future where their need for qualified people is only growing. The problem is, we're thinking about qualifications in the wrong way.
A famous CEO once told me that he liked hiring young people who had persevered through obstacles they were born into. He thought they were often determined to succeed and adept at solving problems. While other executives may share his sentiment, they don't know where to find these young workers. Worse still, their companies have hiring processes that eliminate these talented youth.
That's why the Grads of Life campaign is such an incredible help to businesses large and small. By shifting perceptions of young people who don't have traditional professional trajectories, we can help prevent employers from missing out on a competitive advantage.
Grads of Life is a PSA campaign that a group of nonprofit partners, including my organization -- Opportunity Nation --  created with the Ad Council. In addition to multimedia content, including TV and other spots with narratives that make you rethink who might make an ideal job candidate, the website has tools to help companies reimagine their hiring processes. This includes a directory of organizations that employers are recommending because of their proven ability to prepare young people for jobs.
We have six million 16-24 year olds--1 in 7 American youth--who are neither in school nor working. The Great Recession and our lackluster economic recovery have left young people behind in unprecedented numbers. But these so-called disconnected youth offer an opening for businesses that are aiming to grow. Tremendous talent and untapped potential reside within this group. They are eager for the chance to demonstrate their work ethic and loyalty towards the company that gives them a chance. We call them opportunity youth.
Pacific Gas & Electric believes in the value of opportunity youth. By creating new pathways into their company for young Americans with non-traditional backgrounds, PG & E has experienced a 10 percent increase in employee retention rates and a 3-to-1 return on investment through increased time-to-productivity.
Opportunity Nation works everyday with other corporations that are successfully creating pathways for disconnected teens and young adults and are finding quality employees. The significant business benefits they report include cost-effective talent acquisitions, higher productivity, increased diversity to match their customer base, improved morale and enhanced employee engagement. Southwire, CVS, Gap and South Street financial are just some of the companies that are leading the way in cultivating and training opportunity youth.
It's time to change the narrow way many employers review the resumes of young workers. In clinging to what we think are the ideal qualifications, we are missing out on considering and hiring people who might well be the best employees.
Please share Grads of Life 's PSAs and be part of changing people's perceptions.  You can help employers move past assumptions some people hold about 16-24 year-olds without conventional credentials. This means getting back to some old-fashioned values like real-world experience, resilience and getting to know people for who they are, rather than only considering their resume. The processes companies have developed to screen applicants are now keeping them from finding many potential employees - youth who just want the opportunity to prove themselves, and succeed.
Let's help them get their fair shot at the American Dream.
The Grads of Life campaign is a collaboration of the Ad Council, Year Up, the Employment Pathways Project, New Options Project, MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership, Opportunity Nation, ConPRmetidos and Public Private Possibilities.
Follow Paul Kendrick on Twitter: www.twitter.com/paulkendrick84
More:
Careers Youth Employment Ad Council Economic Opportunity Opportunity Young People Business
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Why Whole Foods Might Not Be Able To Charge Ridiculous Prices Foreverreddit
For years, Whole Foods has shrugged off criticism that it should be renamed "Whole Paycheck" because it is so expensive. But its high-priced reputation might finally be starting to hurt it.
The grocery chain's competitors are luring shoppers away with lower prices, threatening to unlock its long stranglehold on the market for organic food, according to a new note by analysts at Wolfe Research, a New York investment research firm.
Recently, stores ranging from Kroger to Walmart to Sprouts have undercut Whole Foods by bulking up their own, lower-priced healthy offerings.
In its latest quarter, Whole Foods reported that sales at stores open at least a year -- a key retail metric known as "same-store sales" -- rose 3.9 percent . That's not bad, but the company once regularly clocked same-store sales growth of about 8 percent . Its stock price, meanwhile, is down 40 percent since late October 2013.
“The emergence of the multi-pronged competitive attack on Whole Foods by generally lower-priced competitors suggests to us that Whole Foods’ business model faces a very real, clear and present danger,” Wolfe analysts wrote in a note last week.
Wolfe Research compared the average price of a basket of groceries at Whole Foods to average prices of baskets at prominent grocery stores in various regions. What they found is that Whole Foods' prices tended to be much higher across the board:
Whole Foods' prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods' produce prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods is responding by testing a rewards program and launching a national marketing campaign , two things the grocery giant has resisted for years. It has also lowered prices over the past several months, though shoppers have been slow to take notice .
Whole Foods co-CEO Walter Robb acknowledged the company's struggles in an interview with CNBC earlier this month . But he said that the steps the retailer has taken will ensure a “very bright future.”
Wolfe analysts argue that Whole Foods hasn't done enough to turn sluggish sales trends around. Even significantly lowering prices won't be enough, in their view.
Whole Foods did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
More:

A Degree in Unmanned Aircraft Systems Might Pay BigStudying to pilot one pays big.
Photo by David McNew/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
If you want to pull in a six-figure salary right out of school, you might want to start studying unmanned aircraft systems, more commonly and controversially known as drones.  The young field is already lucrative—$11.3 billion globally—and set to grow exponentially. The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International, a trade organization, predicts that the global market will be $140 billion in 10 years.
Advertisement
Studying UAS is relatively new, too. The University of North Dakota started offering the first bachelor's degree program in 2009, with other public schools like Kansas State and aviation-oriented private schools like Embry-Riddle following suit. In total, 30 universities now offer UAS degree programs, with community colleges offering two-year degrees as well.
While most of the news about UAS centers around their military applications, experts say the growth is going to come through private work in the US, whether it's farmers inspecting fields, meteorologists investigating hurricanes, or construction workers surveying sites.
Kurt Barnhart, who oversees Kansas State's UAS program, says that most of the program's graduates head to work for government contractors with military applications, many of which send grads overseas on deployment. But there's also an uptick of those joining US-based startups, he says.
The high salaries relate to the specialization and travel that comes with the job. "If it involves overseas deployment, starting salary is close to six figures, $80,000 plus deployment pay, an additional compensation package for being deployed and having to spend six months out of the year sequestered away in Afghanistan," Barnhart says.  Domestic jobs — with startup companies like Roboflight or Precision Hawk —start at about $60,000 a year. Compare that with first-year pilots of conventional aircraft;  they start out at as low as $21,000 a year . 
Philip Ellerbroek, Roboflight's global director of sales, says that charting a career in UAS requires understanding the facets of the field. You could design the hardware itself, train in piloting the aircraft, or write software code to make the whole thing work. You also have to factor in scale of the vehicle itself: Flying a hobbyist plane won't require a degree, but if you want to pilot a $4 million military device like a Predator , you need specialization. 
Ellerbroek advises would-be UAS grads to get close to the companies in the field, because a formal education won't give you all the knowledge you need. "Like everything else, you can't learn it all in a classroom or a book," he says. "You need to a do an internship, tinker a lot on your own, or read a lot online."  His favorite online resource: DIYDrones, started by Chris Anderson, the former Wired editor-in-chief who started 3D Robotics, perhaps the "it" startup in the field.
What You Learn When You're Getting A UAS Degree
Ben Trapnell runs the UAS program at the University of North Dakota, the first of its kind when it started in 2009. After completing the program—which investigates the systems involved in the air and on the ground for a UAS; how to take photographs and other forms of remote sensing; and commercial-grade flight simulation—students become commercially certified pilots.  "Many students get a flight instructor certificate as well," Trapnell says. "It's proven to be a real hiring advantage—companies want them to teach UAS to other employees."
UND students have received starting salaries of over $60,000, he says. That figure doubles or triples if they go overseas. But UND isn't just trying to develop operators of aircraft. It also aims to train people to build the devices themselves.  "We're not trying to develop the operators," he says, "but develop the skill sets our grads need so they can become leaders in civil UAS that's developing. What they're going to do is hopefully percolate to the top and be the leaders of the civil UAS, and bridge the gap between engineering and the pure operators."

Manjul Bhargavas Fields Medal and beyondUpdated: September 24, 2014 23:53 IST
Manjul Bhargava’s Fields Medal and beyond
KRISHNASWAMI ALLADI
International Mathematical Union Manjul Bhargava, the Canadian-American number theorist from Princeton University.
TOPICS
mathematics
The award of the 2014 Fields Medal to Professor Manjul Bhargava of Princeton Uniersity is a crowning recognition for his path-breaking contributions to some of the most famous and difficult problems in Number Theory. The Fields Medal, known as the Nobel Prize of Mathematics, has an age limit of 40, and therefore recognizes outstanding contributions by young mathematicians who are expected to influence the development of the subject in the years ahead. Manjul Bhargava was awarded the Fields Medal for his pioneering work on several long standing and important problems in number theory, and for the methods he has introduced to achieve this phenomenal progress — methods that will influence research for years to come.
Bhargava's PhD thesis concerns a problem going back to Carl Friedrich Gauss, one of the greatest mathematicians in history. In the nineteenth century, Gauss had discovered a fundamental composition law for binary quadratic forms which are homogeneous polynomial functions of degree two in two variables. No formula or law of the Gauss type was known for cubic or higher degree forms. Bhargava broke the impasse of 200 years by producing a composition law for cubic and higher degree forms.
His elegant solution to the cubic case was inspired by studying slicings of the Rubik's cube. In his PhD thesis of 2001 written under the direction of Professor Andrew Wiles of Princeton University, and in his post-doctoral work, Bhargava established the composition law for cubic forms and extended this to the quartic and the quintic cases as well. He also used these composition laws to settle a number of classical problems in number theory, including some cases of the Cohen-Lenstra-Martinet conjectures on class groups, as well as the determination of the asymptotic number of quartic and quintic _fields having bounded discriminant. Around this time he also got interested in the fundamental problem of determining all universal integral quadratic forms, namely quadratic forms that represent all positive integers. This is a problem that stems from the work of Ramanujan who wrote down 54 examples of such universal quadratic forms. Bhargava solved two fundamental problems on universal quadratic forms (the second jointly with Jonathan Hanke), and announced these for the first time in his Ramanujan Commemmoration Lecture at SASTRA University, Kumbakonam, on December 22, 2005 (Ramanujan's birthday) when he was awarded the First SASTRA Ramanujan Prize. This prize has a stricter age limit of 32 because Ramanujan achieved so much in his brief life of 32 years.
I should point out that only in 2005 were two SASTRA Ramanujan Prizes awarded — one to Bhargava and another to Kannan Soundararajan; they were two full prizes, and not shared.
For more details about this early work of Bhargava, see my article in The Hindu, Dec. 23, 2005.
Bhargava's work on quadratic and higher degree forms brought a resurgence of activity worldwide on these topics. In view of this, three major conferences were organised in 2009 funded by the National Science Foundation : A conference on quadratic forms and another on higher degree forms at the University of Florida in March and May, and The Arizona Winter School on Quadratic Forms in March. Bhargava acted as a co-organiser for the Florida conferences with me and my colleagues, and was a lead speaker at the Arizona conference.
Selected lectures from these conferences have appeared recently as a volume in the book series Developments in Mathematics published by Springer with Bhargava co-editing this volume with me and David Savitt and Pham Tiep of the University of Arizona.
For his seminal contributions on composition laws and on quadratic and higher degree forms, Bhargava received several awards in addition to the SASTRA Ramanujan Prize, such as the Clay Research Award in 2005, and the Frank Nelson Cole Prize of the American Mathematical Society in 2008. As Professor Peter Sarnak of Princeton University said: “For a guy so young, I can't remember anybody so decorated at his age.” But Bhargava did not rest on his laurels. He continued to pursue fundamental questions with unidiminished zeal.
His next assault was on the important problem concerning ranks of elliptic curves and the famous Birch{ Swinnerton-Dyer (BSD) Conjecture, which is one of the Millennium Prize Problems.
Bhargava's work is making deep inroads in algebraic number theory. The Fields Medal to Bhargava recognises all these pathbreaking contributions to various celebrated problems in number theory, as well the fundamental new methods that he has introduced.
He is the second SASTRA Ramanujan Prize Winner to also receive the Fields Medal, the other being Terence Tao in 2006.
In addition to guiding PhD students and mentoring post-docs in Princeton, Bhargava visits India regularly, especially the Tata Institute, IIT Bombay, and the University of Hyderabad, where he holds Adjunct Professorships. He has a deep regard for Indian culture and is proud of his Indian heritage. He enjoys working with mathematicians in India.
For example, he has an active collaboration with Eknath Ghate of the Tata Institute who recently received the Bhatnagar Award. Bhargava's profound influence on mathematics is not only due to his own fundamental contributions, but also due to the students and post- docs he has groomed, and the impact he has had on the work of the present generation of mathematicians. This influence will continue strongly in the years ahead and consequently will lead to more breakthroughs in the future. Perhaps we will see the resolution of the BSD Conjecture!
The author is Professor from University of Florida.

BIG PHARMA=BIG LOSERBig Pharma Is The Big Loser In New Tax-Dodging Rules
Posted:
Updated:
09/25/2014 10:59 pm EDT
A U.S. flag is reflected in the Pfizer Inc. world headquarters in New York, U.S. (Photo by Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images) | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
There was a time when American pharmaceutical companies had finally found a way to access the large reserves of cash they had piling up in places like the Cayman Islands. The process was simple: Acquire a smaller foreign rival, repatriate in the rival's home country and then dip into the offshore money without fear of paying the U.S. corporate tax rate of 35 percent.
But the U.S. Treasury Department effectively undercut that strategy this week, issuing new rules that will make it a lot harder for U.S. companies to tap into offshore cash without paying taxes -- even if they move their headquarters abroad in one of these deals, known as " inversions ."
There are more than a dozen inversions currently pending, and it's not yet clear whether the raft of new rules will scuttle any of those deals. But of the pending inversions, those involving pharmaceutical and related industries seem to be most immediately at peril, tax experts told The Huffington Post, because those companies are the most likely to be pursuing inversions as a way to get tax-free access to offshore cash.
"The new rules will make these companies stop and think twice," said Frank Clemente, the executive director of Americans for Tax Fairness, a tax reform advocacy group that opposes inversions.
Among the deals that could be in trouble are those involving AbbVie, a drug company, and Medtronic, a medical device supplier. The two American companies have announced plans to buy smaller Irish rivals and then invert, moving their headquarters abroad for the purposes of taxation. Pfizer's on-again, off-again pursuit of the British drugmaker AstraZeneca could also be imperiled. The three U.S. companies collectively hold more than $100 billion offshore, tax filings show.
Shares of Medtronic and AbbVie fell nearly 3 percent and 2 percent, respectively, on Tuesday. Pfizer's stock was down about 0.5 percent.
A Medtronic spokesman said the company was reviewing the Treasury's actions. A spokeswoman for Pfizer said she had no comment, but noted that the company had previously said it did not plan to make a takeover offer for AstraZeneca. (Discussions have continued behind closed doors, according to news reports .) AbbVie did not respond to a request for comment.
Other companies that have pursued inversions -- including Burger King, which is buying Tim Hortons in Canada, and Chiquita, which aims to acquire Fyffes in Ireland -- may not be dissuaded by the new rules. Neither Burger King nor Chiquita has much cash stored abroad. Tax experts say they may be motivated more by the benefits of a practice called "earnings stripping," in which the U.S. subsidiary of the inverted company gets loaded up with debt in a bid to lower the domestic tax bill.
Tax experts estimate that Walgreens, which had planned an inversion with Alliance Boots of Switzerland, could have saved $4 billion over five years through such a tactic. (Fearing a public backlash, Walgreens later canceled its plan to move its headquarters abroad.)
Drug companies don't have much need for earnings stripping, mainly because they have already mastered the art of making it look as if they make much less money than they actually do.
A favorite big-pharma tax-avoidance method is to set up a subsidiary in a low-tax jurisdiction and then sell that subsidiary the patents for certain drugs. The American parent company then pays the subsidiary royalties for medication sold in the U.S. -- thereby reducing its own domestic earnings and lowering its tax bill. This is how many pharma giants have built such big stacks of cash offshore.
In comments Tuesday, Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew acknowledged that the new rules might stop some inversions, but said they were unlikely to kill the practice entirely.
Comprehensive corporate tax reform by Congress "is the only way to fully rein in these transactions," he said.
CORRECTION: This story has been updated to note that Medtronic is a medical device company, not a drug maker.
More:

Congress NCP alliancebreaks-15-year-old...    Cached
Senior NCP leader Praful Patel said, "NCP has always supported the Congress; even when we had more MLAs we gave up the chief minister's post". NCP leader ...

Liar s Dice Oscar entrybollywood/liars-dice-is...    Cached
'Liar's Dice' is India's Official Entry to The Oscars. ... Can This Film Win India An Oscar? 'Liar's Dice' has been chosen as India's official entry for Oscars 2015.

Sushma Swaraj begins U.S. visitUnited Nations, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 10:28 IST
Sushma Swaraj begins U.S. visit
PTI
Tweet
PTI External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj is being received by Ambassador Asoke Mukerji (left), India's Permanent Representative to the U.N., after her arrival at JFK Airport in New York on Wednesday.
PTI External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj is being received by Ambassador Asoke Mukerji (left), India's Permanent Representative to the U.N., after her arrival at JFK Airport in New York on Wednesday.
TOPICS
ministers (government)
Meets counterparts from seven nations.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has begun her 10-day trip to the U.S. with back-to-back meetings here with her counterparts from seven nations, including the U.K. and the Maldives.
Ms. Swaraj met the leaders at the United Nations headquarters on Thursday.
She met U.K. Secretary of State Philip Hammond, Sudanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Ali Ahmed Karti, Maldives Foreign Affairs Minister Dunya Maumoon, Norwegian Foreign Affairs Minister Borge Brende, Kyrgyz Foreign Affairs Minister Abdyldaev Erlan Bekeshovich, Greece Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos and Nigerian Foreign Affairs Minister Aminu Wali.
Ms. Swaraj, however, did not speak to the media after the meetings.
The External Affairs Minister is scheduled to meet nearly 100 Foreign Ministers during her visit to the U.S. and will also join the delegation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who will reach New York on September 26.
Ahead of Prime Minister Modi’s arrival, Ms. Swaraj will participate in the meetings with the Foreign Ministers of the G4, IBSA, BRICS, Commonwealth and SAARC.
Her bilateral meetings will be with Brazilian Foreign Affairs Minister Luis Alberto Figueiredo Machado, Bangladeshi Foreign Affairs Minister Abul Hassan Mahmud Ali and Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi.
In the Commonwealth and SAARC meetings, Ms. Swaraj could meet Pakistan’s National Security and Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz.
On September 26, before Mr. Modi reaches New York, Ms. Swaraj will participate in a bilateral meeting with Egyptian Foreign Affairs Minister Sameh Hassan Shoukry besides participating in a ministerial level meeting of the Committee on Palestine.

SBI stock split fails to lift sentiment; stock slips 3%SBI stock split fails to lift sentiment; stock falls over 3%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 09.57AM IST
Tags:
Company Stock Split
(The bank said it will exchange…)
NEW DELHI: State bank of India plunged as much as 3 per cent in trade on Thursday even though the board of country's largest lender approved a 10-for-1 stock split to make their stock more affordable to smaller shareholders.
At 10:57 a.m.; SBI was trading 2.59 per cent lower at Rs 2423.
The bank said it will exchange 10 shares for each that is held and will also arrange to mirror the reduction in face value of the equity shares in its existing GDRs (global depository receipts).
However, another factor which couple be pressuring the stock is the Supreme Court ordered de-allocation of all coal blocks except four.
The mass cancellation of coal blocks by the Supreme Court has sent banks in a jittery mode as they have extended over Rs. 1 lakh crore loans to power plants that were fed by these mines, PTI reported.
Almost all banks including country's largest lender State Bank of India and private sector ICICI Bank have lent to power plants that were put up based on coal from 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi greets nation for NavratriPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 11:34 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi this Wednesday morning greeted people on the occasion of the holy period of Navratri, saying may Maa Jagdamba keep inspiring us to serve the poorest of the poor.
“As the auspicious festival of Navratri begins, I convey my warm greetings to everyone. We bow to Maa Jagdamba and seek her blessings. May Maa Jagdamba enrich our lives with strength, well-being, good health and may she keep inspiring us to serve the poorest of the poor,” the Prime Minister said in his message.
As the auspicious festival of Navratri begins, I convey my warm greetings to everyone. We bow to Maa Jagdamba & seek her blessings.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 25, 2014
May Maa Jagdamba enrich our lives with strength, well-being, good health & may she keep inspiring us to serve the poorest of the poor.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 25, 2014
The holy period of Navratri commences today and will conclude on Oct. 2.

Need to tackle  persistent  inflation: Raghuram RajanNeed to tackle 'persistent' inflation says RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Suvashree Dey Choudhury     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 12:00 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)Governor Raghuram Rajan said the country has suffered from "persistent" inflation, adding India had to act, while also noting the need for more data across important economic indicators such as employment and producer prices.
"The real problem is that inflation is persistent," Rajan said in a speech in Mumbai.
"We have been emphasising again and again, in order to break the back of inflation we have got to break this persistence. Once we do it we can be much more comfortable", Rajan said further
Rajan has previously said inflation , driven by food inflation, is a structural problem that cannot be solved by monetary policy alone.
(Reuters)

Punjab Alkalies up 20%  PSIDC to divest entire stake in coSep 25, 2014, 11.38 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Punjab Alkalies up 20%, PSIDC to divest entire stake in co
"PAC have been informed by the Department of Industries and Commerce, Government of Punjab that the Cabinet Sub Committee on Disinvestment (CCD), Punjab, on September 02 decided disinvestment in PAC," said the company in its filing,
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Punjab Alkalies up 20%, PSIDC to divest entire stake in co
"PAC have been informed by the Department of Industries and Commerce, Government of Punjab that the Cabinet Sub Committee on Disinvestment (CCD), Punjab, on September 02 decided disinvestment in PAC," said the company in its filing,
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Punjab Alkalies and Chemicals (PAC) rallied as much as 20 percent to touch a 52-week high of Rs 43.25 on Thursday after the Punjab government approved divestment of entire 44.26 percent stake in company by promoter Punjab State Industrial Development Corporation (PSIDC), a wholly owned Punjab Government company.
"PAC have been informed by the Department of Industries and Commerce, Government of Punjab that the Cabinet Sub Committee on Disinvestment (CCD), Punjab, on September 02 decided disinvestment in PAC," said the company in its filing,
Four companies that qualified for buying stake in PAC are Aditya Birla Chemicals, Kudos Chemie, Derabassi and Consortium, and Nirma.
"Core Group considered the prequalification of expression of interests and approved the prequalification of Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Private Limited, Kudos Chemie Limited, Derabassi and consortium of AI Shemail Garments & Perfumes Trading LLC (lead member 10 percent) and Avenue Chemicals Private Limited (other member 10 percent) and Nirma," said the Punjab government.
In March last year, Core Group of Officers on Divestment, Punjab had appointed IFCI as global advisors. "Global advisors were asked to carry out the divestment process strictly as per time-line submitted," Core Group said.
The company's plant is located at Naya Nangal in district Ropar, Punjab (India). It manufactures caustic soda lye, caustic soda flakes, liquid chlorine, hydrochloric acid, sodium hypochlorite and hydrogen gas.
In the quarter ended June 2014, it had reported a profit of Rs 2.5 crore as against loss of Rs 6.8 crore and revenues during the same period increased to Rs 75.87 crore from Rs 60.5 crore.
At 10:56 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 40.70, up Rs 4.65, or 12.90 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Monitoring Chinese activity in Indian Ocean:...chief Admiral
(Navy today said it was continuously…)
NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of incursions in Ladakh, Navy today said it was continuously monitoring the activity of the Chinese Navy in the Indian Ocean Region (IOR).
"Chinese warships are deployed in the Indian Ocean Region and we are continuously monitoring them and see what is their deployment. Along with it, our aircraft, submarines and warships are always deployed to face any challenge.
"....IOR is our area of operations and we see what is Chinese deployment in IOR and how it can create challenges for us and how we can face them....We are always ready," Navy Chief Admiral Robin Dhowan told reporters here.
He was asked to comment on the situation in Chumar in Ladakh where Chinese troops intruded more than two weeks back and are engaged in stand-off with Indian soldiers on the sidelines of the golden jubilee of the Navy Warship Design Bureau.
The Navy Chief said only the Army was competent to comment on the particular incident in the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir.
He said it was the Navy's responsibility to look after Indian maritime interests in IOR. "We are always ready to face them. Our economic interests are there in the maritime region and their protection is also our responsibility."
In the recent times, the Chinese Navy has been deploying its warships and submarines in IOR.
Asked about the proposed maritime dialogue between India and China this year, he said the two sides have been cooperating in terms of port visits and anti-piracy operations in the Gulf of Aden.
Asked if the Indian Navy would be required to protect country's economic interests in the oil exploration activity planned with Vietnam, Dhowan said the Navy will show its presence wherever it is required.
He said the Navy's eastern fleet had recently gone to Vladivostok in Russia and then sailed to the Pacific Ocean to hold exercises with the US and Japanese Navy under the Malabar series of war games.
On the future of the deal to buy 16 multirole helicopters for warships, the Navy Chief said the case was in the final stages and expressed the hope that it would be finalised soon.
On the final inquiry report about INS Sindhurakshak submarine which sank in August last year killing 18 personnel, he said it happened "perhaps because certain Standard Operating Procedures were not followed which could have led to the accident".
The Navy has submitted the Board of Inquiry (BoI) report on the accident to the Defence Ministry and it will be studied before any final decision is taken by the force.
To a query on the proposed second Indigenous Aircraft Carrier, he said the force is preparing the Detailed Project Report for it and it will be submitted to the Defence Ministry very soon for the required sanctions.
He termed as "speculative" the suggestion that the proposed warship would be propelled by nuclear power
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government stands up to China on disputed borderGovernment stands up to China on disputed border
Sanjeev Miglani     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 13:12 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Reuters)
Earlier this month, the Indian army, stationed on a remote Himalayan plateau, built a small observation hut from where they could watch Chinese soldiers across a disputed border.
The move so irked China's military that it laid a road on territory claimed by India and demanded that the tin hut be dismantled. India refused, destroyed a part of the new road and promptly raised troop numbers in the area.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is making good on election promises of a more robust national security policy, and the fact that around 1,000 soldiers from each side are facing off in Ladakh is evidence even mighty China is not off limits.
No shots have been fired, and a brief border war between the world's two most populous nations was fought 52 years ago.
But Indian military officials said the situation in the Chumar area of Ladakh had been unusually tense in recent weeks, highlighting a simmering disagreement between the nuclear-armed neighbours that is back on the agenda at the highest level.
Modi, a nationalist who swept to power in May, was unusually forthright when Chinese President Xi Jinping visited India in mid-September, challenging Xi in private on the question of incursions along their 3,500-km contested frontier.
Afterwards, he told a news conference in the presence of the Chinese leader that peace and stability on the border were needed for better economic ties Beijing has been pressing for.
P. Stobdan, a former Indian ambassador and a Ladakhi with deep knowledge of the competing claims in the region, sees a shift in New Delhi's thinking.
"The hut has become the bone of contention. The Chinese have drawn a red line. They want it demolished before they will withdraw," he said.
Last year, the Chinese forced the Indians to demolish another hut in Chumar in return for ending a face-off.
"This time the new government does not seem to be in a mood to budge," Stobdan added.
NO LONGER BUSINESS AS USUAL
Beginning in June, as it prepared to receive Xi, Modi's government set in train a series of bold actions on the border where Indian officials say China has long been nibbling away at its territory.
It ordered faster construction of 72 strategic roads along the border to narrow the gap with China's vastly superior and intricate network of roads and tracks in the mountains.
It has also rebuilt airfields, including a landing strip laid in Daulat Beg Oldi in Ladakh in 1962, the year the two countries fought their short war.
Over the past few months C-130 Hercules planes bought from the United States have been landing at the airfield some 30 km from Depsang, the site of a 21-day standoff last year when People's Liberation Army soldiers set up tents on India's side of the 1962 ceasefire line.
V.K. Singh, minister for the northeastern states, another area where the border is in dispute with China, says it is no longer business as usual on the so-called Line of Actual Control (LAC) dividing the two countries.
Incursions from both sides are common along the ceasefire line, because their armies cannot agree where it lies, making a final settlement a distant prospect.
"Sometimes (in the past), I think for political reasons or other reasons, we would have said OK, leave it. But that perpetuates the problem, it doesn't solve the problem," said Singh, a former army chief handpicked to beef up civilian and military infrastructure in the northeast.
"You keep giving a concession, it only perpetuates the problem. So somewhere up the hierarchy someone has to say 'let's hold on'," he told Reuters in an interview about the latest confrontation with China .
India was humiliated in the 1962 war and, since then, while it has built up its conventional military and nuclear and missile capabilities, it has been careful to avoid showdowns at the border, which, despite 17 rounds of talks over two decades, remains unsettled.
Hu Zhiyong, a research fellow with the Institute of International Relations at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, told China's state-run Global Times that the Modi government's moves to build up infrastructure and equipment on the Indian side of the LAC signalled a shift in posture.
"The 'offensive' strategy aims to gain more leverage in the talks," Hu told the fiercely nationalist newspaper.
HIGH-ALTITUDE HUT
The chain of events leading to the latest tensions began in Demchok, on the southeastern corner of Ladakh. On August 18, India started building an irrigation canal there as part of the government's rural jobs guarantee programme.
China protested, saying it was located inside its territory.
Then, on September 8, Indian troops erected their observation hut on a hillock in Chumar, one of the areas along the LAC where India has the tactical advantage of height.
Retired Indian army brigadier Gurmeet Kanwal, who has served in high-altitude areas, said India's position there overlooks Chinese encampments and a dirt road leading up to the area.
Beijing's response was swift. Within a day, some 500 PLA troops crossed into the area and used cranes and bulldozers to build a 2 km (1.2-mile) road.
Later that night, Indian soldiers dug up part of that road, but the Chinese have not withdrawn from the area, which New Delhi considers to be several kilometres inside its territory.
Around 1,000 soldiers from each side are ranged against each other, and further to the east, a group of Chinese civilians backed by the PLA intruded into the Demchok sector where India was trying to build the irrigation canal, Indian officials said.
China's public comments on the latest row with India have been measured.
"The China-India border dispute is a left-over from history. The two countries' border, to this day, has not been designated, and the two sides' understanding of the real line of control is not the same," the Defence Ministry said, adding that both New Delhi and Beijing were resolved to manage the problem.
A CIVILISED CUP OF TEA
India says China violated the ceasefire line 334 times in the first eight months of this year. Chinese officials with Xi on his visit last week said India had violated the LAC 410 times, according to an Indian government official at the talks.
Border patrols have become more frequent and probing deeper into each other's territories, officials say, often running into each other. Earlier, the two armies sent out patrols on alternating days along the most contentious areas of the border so that their troops wouldn't come into contact.
"If there is a border patrol that crosses the LAC as perceived by the other side, they are supposed to offer them a cup of tea and ask them to leave immediately. The idea is it should be civilised behaviour. At times this civilised behaviour has spun out of control with soldiers roughing each other up," said an Indian officer at the army headquarters in New Delhi.
But the head of Ladakh's local government said India had neglected the border area for decades to its own and local people's detriment. Only now was it starting to plug the gaps, he added, and that had provoked the Chinese.
"We have lost so much pasture land, grazing land over a period of time to China ," said Rigzin Spalbar, chief executive councillor of the Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council.
"We told our people not to go close to the LAC, the area was left vacant and the Chinese sent their herders in. Now those areas have become their possessions."
(Additional reporting by Frank Jack Daniel in New Delhi and Megha Rajagopalan in Beijing; Editing by Mike Collett-White and John Chalmers)
(Reuters)

3 reasons why Make in India is positive for mkts | Sensex@32500 in 15 mths: PollTop three reasons why ‘Make in India’ is positive for markets, economy
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 01.54PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Narayanan
(PM Modi rolled out a…)
NEW DELHI: India is known for its services exports, but many doubt its ability to export manufactures and that is the perception which our Prime Mister Narendra Modi plans to change.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rolled out a red carpet to industrialists, both domestic and international, inviting them to make India a manufacturing hub that will help boost jobs and growth.
The campaign is aimed at making India a manufacturing hub, and the government is pulling out all the stops for ensuring a smooth sailing for investors, by setting up a dedicated cell to answer queries of business entities within 72 hours.
"We should manufacture goods in such a way that they carry zero defects, so that our exported goods are never returned to us. We should manufacture goods with zero effect that they should not have a negative impact on the environment," PM Modi said in his speech on Independence Day.
All this will auger well for the economy and the markets as it will help in boosting growth, in job creation and revival of investment cycle in Asia's third largest economy.
We have collated a list of stocks from various sectors, as highlighted by Deutsche Bank, which are likely to benefit as India marches forward on the growth map:
Infrastructure sector: Larsen and Toubro, IRB Infra and Adani Ports should be the key beneficiaries of policy moves on building transport infrastructure
Power Sector: Power Grid Corp should be the biggest beneficiary of the second generation reforms in the power sector
Banking: Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, SBI, PFC and REC should be the key beneficiaries of India's big infra opportunity, given their domain expertise in Infra financing.
Oil & Gas: ONGC is set to emerge as the biggest beneficiary of the dramatic reduction in fuel subsidy over the next five years.
Metals & Mining: Tata Steel, JSW Steel and UltraTech should be key beneficiaries of India's move to materials intensive growth.
We have collated a list of factors which might well auger well for economy and in turn impact the markets in a positive way:
Boost to manufacturing sector:
The government will select domestic companies having leadership in innovation and new technology. The idea is to turn these into global champions and promote green and advanced manufacturing and help these companies to integrate into global value chain, ET reported.
The once booming services sector has slowed, but it is the manufacturing sector that has performed especially poorly by recording an expansion of barely 1.1 per cent growth in 2012-13, followed by a contraction of 0.7 per cent in 2013-14.
India will need a dramatic improvement in transport connectivity together with addressing the skewed transport mode mix, currently biased towards roads, Deutsche Bank said in a report.
Road construction will need to rise 5-fold to 30Kms/day from the current 6 kms/day. The Indian Railways will also need to build the capacity to evacuate more than 3x the current traffic of both passengers as well as freight by building high speed dedicated freight corridors and faster trains.
  Need to increase FDI:
India's next step should be to achieve higher growth and to do that foreign direct investment (FDI) is a top priority, say analysts. It seeks investment in several industries, including manufacturing, construction, telecommunications and financial services.
'Make in India' or 'Invest India' campaign will be the first reference point to guide foreign investors. It will provide help on regulatory and policy issues, and assist in obtaining regulatory clearances.
The government has identified 25 sectors where India can become world leader. These include automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharma, textiles, ports, aviation, leather Tourism and hospitality, wellness, and railways, among others.
The documents will provide growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector-specific FDI, other policies & related agencies.
To put things in perspective, from 2010 to 2012, the country's stock of FDI totalled just 12% of GDP, while the developing country average was 30%. India attracts only 2.7% of a total $1.62 trillion in global R&D spending, while China attracts 17.5%, said media reports.
India's track record in attracting FDI in an international context is not very inspiring compared to FDI into countries like Mexico and China.
"In the last 10 years, Mexico has attracted $247 billion of FDI net inflows and China $2 trillion, compared to India's $229 billion," S P Kothari said in a column in ET.
Each 1 per cent increase in FDI adds about 0.4 per cent to a country's GDP growth. So, to boost GDP growth by about 2 per cent, India will need about 5 per cent increase in FDI.
In other words, at the current level of GDP of almost $2 trillion in India, about $100 billion of FDI is required to boost the GDP growth by 2%, he added.
Help in reviving economic growth

India invites countries to invest in its pro...You are here: Home > Collections > Swaraj
India invites countries like UK, Greece to invest in its ambitious projects
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 01.38PM IST
Tags:
greece
(India has invited countries…)
UNITED NATIONS: India has invited countries like the UK, Norway and Greece to invest in ambitious projects and proposals unveiled by the new government to boost the economy.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj met her counterparts from UK, Sudan, the Maldives, Norway, Kyrgyzstan, Greece and Nigeria in back-to-back meetings after landing here yesterday.
Her counterparts conveyed their congratulations to the new government of India for its tremendous victory in the recent general elections.
Expressing her gratitude, Swaraj invited them to participate in the ambitious projects and proposals unveiled by the new government, especially through their investments in the Indian economy.
There was strong support expressed during these meetings for India's permanent membership in a reformed UN Security Council, according to a statement issued by the Permanent Mission of India to the UN.
The leaders discussed other topical issues before the United Nations during the ongoing 69th Session of the General Assembly.
Swaraj met UK Secretary of State Philip Hammond, Sudanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Ali Ahmed Karti, Maldives Foreign Affairs Minister Dunya Maumoon, Norwegian Foreign Affairs Minister Borge Brende, Kyrgyz Foreign Affairs Minister Abdyldaev Erlan Bekeshovich, Greece Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos and Nigerian Foreign Affairs Minister Aminu Wali.
The External Affairs Minister is scheduled to meet nearly 100 foreign ministers during her visit to the US and will join the delegation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who will reach New York on September 26.
Swaraj will also participate in meetings with the Foreign Ministers of the G4, IBSA, BRICS, Commonwealth and SAARC.
She will also hold bilateral meetings with Brazilian Foreign Affairs Minister Luis Alberto Figueiredo Machado, Bangladeshi Foreign Affairs Minister Abul Hassan Mahmud Ali and Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi.
On September 26, before Prime Minister Modi reaches New York, Swaraj would participate in a bilateral meeting with Egyptian Foreign Affairs Minister Sameh Hassan Shoukry besides participating in a ministerial level meeting of the Committee on Palestine.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MOM sends first images of Red Planet | Full ...India's Mars Orbiter Mission sends first images of Red Planet
By PTI | 25 Sep, 2014, 01.51PM IST
0
Share More
India successfully placed its low-cost Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft in orbit around the red planet in its very first attempt yesterday. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: India's Mars spacecraft has beamed back the first images of the red planet and they were made public by ISRO with a caption "The view is nice up here", a day after it was placed in orbit in the very first attempt scripting space history.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) uploaded one of the photos to its Facebook page, showing an orange crater-marked surface with dark holes, taken from a height of 7,300 km.
The first set of pictures taken by Mars Orbiter Mission's (MOM) onboard colour camera was presented to Prime Minister Narendra Modi by ISRO in New Delhi.
"1st image of Mars, from a height of 7300 km; with 376m spatial resolution. MT @MarsOrbiter. The view is nice up here," ISRO tweeted with snaps of the red planet.
To this, the Prime Minister responded, "Yes, I agree @MarsOrbiter, the view is indeed nice up there! @isro."
An ISRO team led by its Chairman K Radhakrishnan and Scientific Secretary V Koteswara Rao handed over the pictures to Modi, hours before he left on a five-day visit to the US.
"A team of @isro scientists presented the 1st pictures from #Mangalyaan today morning. @isro," the PM tweeted.
Modi was present at the ISRO command centre in Bangalore yesterday when India successfully placed its low-cost indigenous MOM spacecraft in orbit around the red planet to become the first country to achieve this feat in its very first attempt breaking into an elite club of three nations. Modi had described the feat as "near impossible".
The spacecraft is now circling the planet in an orbit whose nearest point to Mars (periapsis) is at 421.7 km and farthest point (apoapsis) at 76,993.6 km, ISRO said.
The inclination of orbit with respect to the equatorial plane of Mars is 150 degree, as intended. In this orbit, the spacecraft takes 72 hours 51 minutes 51 seconds to go round the Mars once.
In the coming weeks, the ISRO said in a release, the spacecraft will be thoroughly tested in the Mars orbit and the systematic observation of that planet using its five scientific instruments would begin.
MOM aims to study Mars' surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life in Mars.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the red planet.
The Rs 450-crore Mars mission is the cheapest inter- planetary mission embarked by any country. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The Orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.

JP Assoc  JP Power crack up to 14% on price woesJP Asso, JP Power ventures slip up to 14% as deal with ADAG called off
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
ADAG
(Reacting to the news Jaiprakash…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Jaiprakash Associates and Jaiprakash Power Ventures tanked 12-14 per cent in early trade after talks with Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group fell apart due to a "difference of commercial aspects".
Reacting to the news Jaiprakash Power Ventures slipped as much as 12.4 per cent, while Jaiprakash Associates plunged as mcuh as 14.4 per cent in trade.
At 09:45 a.m.; Jaiprakash Associates was at Rs 28.35, down 10.99 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a low of Rs 28.25 in trade so far.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures was at Rs 12.30, down 9.89 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a low of Rs 11.95 in trade so far.
Reliance said the deal ended due to "prevailing regulatory uncertainties, and tariff issues, which impact valuations".
The deal for the three plants, with a combined capacity of 1,800 megawatts, was first announced in July and would have made Reliance the largest private power generator in India.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures has a generation base of 1700 MW Hydro power (1000 MW Karcham Wangtoo, 300 MW Baspa II, and 400 MW Vishnu Prayag) and 1160 MW thermal power, including 500 MW Bina thermal project and 660 MW Nigrie thermal power project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Accenture Quarterly Revenue Rises 9.7%You are here: Home Corporates
Accenture Quarterly Revenue Rises 9.7%
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 17:05 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Consulting and outsourcing company Accenture Plc reported a 9.7 percent rise in quarterly net revenue, helped mainly by new consulting contracts.
The company's net income rose to $760.2 million, or $1.08 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Aug. 31 from $727.3 million, or $1.01 per share, a year earlier.
Net revenue rose to $7.78 billion from $7.09 billion. Consulting revenue rose 5.6 percent to $4.02 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Microsoft to Train 1 Million WomenYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft to Train 1 Million Women Under Tech Initiative
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 17:00 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Software giant Microsoft, under its initiative to bring more women into the Indian IT industry, along with partners will train and mentor 1 million women in the next 12 months.
Microsoft India on Wednesday launched its 'Women in Tech' initiative, which aims to double the number of women IT professionals in India from the present one million in the next few years.
The initiative will include girl school students, young women students in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths) colleges, women IT professionals and entrepreneurs.
Women in Tech is designed to help aspiring IT professionals, by associating with them from the time they are in high school till they take up a IT job or start their own IT venture.
"We are incredibly excited to start this initiative. Our focus is to help girls take up IT as a career and also encourage more women to turn tech entrepreneurs," Microsoft India chief evangelist Joseph Landes told PTI.
Through the course of the next year, Microsoft will provide one million women access to awareness sessions, training and certification programmes and mentoring sessions, he added.
"Besides, Microsoft Ventures will mentor 30 women-led start-up companies and support them in building connections with the broader start-up community in India," Mr Landes said.
Microsoft India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said: "Today, Indian IT industry has about one million women. Our initiative aims to double that number in the next few years."
Under the initiative, Microsoft will engage with 750,000 women in STEM courses in the next 12 months and will also train 250,000 women IT professionals.
Besides, the programme will look towards building local communities for girls and women to meet, network and learn from each other by sharing ideas and learning across the board.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 16:57 (IST)

The price of a gray market iPhone 6 in China is plummetingHow We Buy
September 25, 2014
The arbitrage opportunity for selling Apple’s new iPhone models in China, where users are unable to buy the phone legally, is shrinking quickly.
When news that models of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus would  be going on sale late  on the mainland, dealers in nearby Hong Kong and around the world expected a windfall from selling smuggled iPhones to Chinese Apple fans. Gray market price surged to almost $1,500 over the weekend .
But an influx of phones for resale is pushing prices down. Analysts estimated that as many as 5 million iPhones could be smuggled into the country from Hong Kong, the United States, Japan, and other countries where the phone was released on Sept. 19th.
The resale price for a 16GB iPhone 6 fell to just above 6,000 yuan yesterday, from over 8,000 yuan on Sept. 22, according to iPhone merchants in Beijing interviewed by the South China Morning Post this week. That’s only 1578 yuan, or about $300, more than the official retail price of the phone in Hong Kong of HK$5,588 or 4,422 yuan. The decline, according to the resellers interviewed by the SCMP, looks something like this:
Share
Tap image to zoom
A blogger in Guangdong said prices for the 16 GB iPhone 6 had fallen to as low as 5,300 yuan on Sept 23. “The scalpers will cry,” the user wrote  (registration required).
Tap image to zoom
iPhone 6 prices at a dealer in Guangdong province.(Weibo/zykrwb)
Now, phone vendors in China are racing to sell their iPhone 6 supplies before the phone goes on sale in stores—last week, officials said that the new phone models had cleared two regulatory hurdles but still needs a network license.
Share this:

India s 100 richest are all billionaires; Mukesh Ambani topsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RILs Rs 1.8 lakh cr investment will fructify in 15 months: MukeshAmbaniPrint
RIL Chairman Mukesh Ambani today said the company's over Rs 1.8 lakh crore investments will fructify in 12-15 months. (Reuters)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:10 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:11 pm
Reliance Group Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani today said the company’s over Rs 1.8 lakh crore investments will fructify in 12-15 months.
These investments will help in creation of 1.25 lakh jobs, he said.
“We have exports of over Rs 2,75,000 crore to over 140 countries and our investments of over Rs 1,80,000 crore are coming into fruition in the next 12-15 months. We would be creating be over 1,25,000 jobs in India in the next 12-15 months,” Ambani said at the launch of government’s “Make in India” programme.
He said in order to succeed in the ‘Make in India’ movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
“It is important to connect village clusters with the international markets and not only domestic markets by building the physical infrastructure and virtual infrastructure so that all our goods and services are connected to all markets,” Ambani said.
He also lauded the initiatives taken by the government on implementing the Goods and Services Tax, saying it will make India one market and strengthen the programme.
The US 66 billion RIL Group’s activities span exploration and production of oil and gas, petroleum refining and marketing, petrochemicals, textiles, retail, infotel and special economic zones.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today kicked off the “Make in India” programme that will focus on creating physical infrastructure as well as building a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods ranging from cars to softwares, satellites to submarines and paper to power.

Why did Naveen govt make me a DGP if they found me corrupt: PrakashMishraThe 1977-batch IPS asked if the Naveen Patnaik government found him corrupt, how did it appoint him as the state police chief two years ago.
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:56 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:03 pm
A day after the vigilance wing of the Naveen Patnaik government lodged an FIR against former Director General of Police, and now special secretary of Ministry of Home Affairs, Prakash Mishra, the 1977-batch IPS officer hit back saying if the government found him corrupt, how did it appoint him as the state police chief two years ago.
On Wednesday, the vigilance police lodged an FIR against Mishra alleging that during his reign as chairman-cum-managing director of OPHWC between 2006 and 2009, he gave advance payment of Rs 59 crore to some steel and cement suppliers in 2009. Director of Vigilance KB Singh said a special audit was done which faulted Mishra. A case under Prevention of Corruption Act and several sections of IPC have been lodged against Mishra.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Mishra sarcastically asked if the government found him ‘extremely corrupt’ between 2006 and 2009, why did it bring him back from central deputation to make state police chief in June 2012.
“A case is made as if I ran away with the money. Even when I became DGP, no one ever asked me to explain the alleged irregularities. If the vigilance officials conducted an inquiry before lodging the FIR, then I should have been asked to explain. What sort of inquiry is this,” he asked, hinting that the move was to prevent him from becoming the next director of CBI. The government will soon shortlist names for the post of CBI director before Ranjit Sinha’s tenure ends in December this year.
Mishra said the allegation of financial misdemeanour falls flat as supplies have been received in lieu advance given to steel and cement suppliers. “Advance is permissible under vigilance department rules. Only in a few cases the accounts have to be reconciled. The CAG in its report has also stressed of reconciling the accounts. In any case, it was the duty of my successors to reconcile the accounts or call me if there was any anomaly. Why wait for five years,” he asked.
Senior IPS officers of Orissa said during Mishra’s tenure the volume of work of the Corporation had suddenly increased to about Rs 200 crore per year. Works were being executed departmentally without contractors. Prior to his joining, steel and cement were being purchased also from manufacturers against payment of advance which used to be adjusted subsequently against supporting documents including details of the receipt of stock.
“Adjustment was a continuous process. At any given point of time, even now, there would be some outstanding advance awaiting adjustment. The board of directors during Mishra’s tenure streamlined the process of procurement of steel and cement further by taking a decision to procure Steel and Cement from reputed manufacturers of the country to ensure both economy and quality. The same decision is being followed by the Corporation continued…

Sony Xperia Z3 review: The flagshipupgradePrint
The Sony Xperia Z3 looks different from the Z2
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 9:51 am
Sony has been really fast in refreshing its flagship this year, with the Xperia Z3 being announced within months of the Xperia Z2. I had spent a rather long time reviewing the Z2 and was really excited to try out the successor. The Z2 was really a top notch phone when it came to specs and it would be really hard to better that. Also, were we going to see big ticket improvements?
Specs: 5.2-inch (1920×1080 pixels) Full HD TRILUMINOS display | Snapdragon 2.5 GHz Qualcomm Quad-core processor with 3GB RAM | 16 GB storage with 128 GB external | 20.7MP rear camera, 2.1MP front | 3G, Bluetooth 4.0, DLNA, NFC, GLONASS | Nano sim
 
Design: The Z3 has Xperia written all over it as far as the design goes. But it is still very different from the earlier phones in the Z series. For one, it has curved edges and corners that are very unique and also very functional. The phone is easy to grip and feels good in your hand. Even the flaps on the phase curved, merging well with the design. The hinge that holds them in place look stronger than before. They are crucial for the Z3, for this phone too is water and dust proof. Everything else is pretty much, what you saw in the Z2.
Display: This is one of the better features of the phone, though almost the same as in the last version. The Full HD Triluminous does full justice to the 4K video you will shoot on this phone. Also, it works pretty well in sunlight and has good viewing angles. For anyone who has seen a new Sony TV, the display might feel like a smaller version. Afterall it is using the same technologies.
Performance: It is hard to find faults in the performance of this phone. It is among the most powerful phones you can buy at the moment and the performance reminds you of that almost every moment. You will not encounter any lag while using the phone and Sony sees to have fixed the heating issues. 4K video is a very resource intensive process and the Z3 seems to be able to do it well and without glitches. The camera all keeps showing that it might need to shut down if the camera heats up, but it does not need to take this drastic step like with the Z2. I can’t help but give maximum marks in performance.
Software: There is hardly any difference in software in comparison to the Z2, though there are some welcome tweaks. For instance, along with a screen shot you can also record the screen. Issues with the contacts app on the Z2 seems to have been solved. Like with its predecessor, the home continued…

Indias 100 richest are all billionaires; Mukesh Ambani topslistReliance Industries Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year. (PT)
PTI | Singapore | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:33 pm
For the first time, the 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires with Mukesh Ambani topping the league for the eighth consecutive year, according to Forbes.
With a net worth of USD 23.6 billion, up USD 2.6 billion from last year, RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.
Ambani was followed by Dilip Shanghvi, who got richer this year by USD 4.1 billion. Shanghvi is the new No. 2, after he displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal (USD 15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place.
Wipro’s Azim Premji moved up one notch to the number three position as his net wealth increased to USD 16.4 billion from USD 13.8 billion previously. Pallonji Mistry, patriarch of construction giant Shapoorji Pallonji Group which is the biggest shareholder in Tata Sons with a new worth of USD 15.9 billion, was placed in the fourth place.
Forbes said that “good days are here” for the India’s 100 Richest, as the top 100 richest Indians are all billionaires with combined wealth of USD 346 billion, up more than a third from USD 259 billion in 2013.
Propelled by the euphoria after the Bharatiya Janata Party’s landslide victory in May, the stock market has gained 28 per cent since January, driving the net-worth of the uber-rich people in India.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to 11th rank in the list, adding nearly USD 4.5 billion to his wealth which reached USD 7.1 billion on soaring share prices.
“Shares of Adani’s companies started soaring ahead of the elections on hopes of a BJP victory. The gains added close to USD 4.5 billion to his wealth, more than anyone else,” Forbes said.
Others in the top 10 include NRI businessmen Hinduja Brothers who were at the sixth position with a net worth of USD 13.3 billion, followed by Shiv Nadar (7th, USD 12.5 billion), Godrej family (8th, USD 11.6 billion), Kumar Birla (9th, USD 9.2 billion) and Sunil Mittal & family (10th, USD 7.8 billion).
As many as 85 of the 89 who returned to the top 100 from last year are wealthier, and several are billionaires for the first time.
Among them are Qimat Rai Gupta (ranked 48, net worth USD 1.95 billion), Chairman of Havells; V G Siddhartha (75, USD 1.27 billion), founder of the Cafe Coffee Day chain; and brothers Harsh Goenka (82, USD 1.18 billion) and Sanjiv Goenka (69, USD 1.4 billion), who run their independent empires and are listed separately.
On Adani who was placed 11th on the list, Forbes said that he snatched the biggest bonanza from the stock market rally.
“Snatching the biggest bonanza is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who hails from Modi’s native Gujarat state and is known to be the PM’s personal friend,” Forbes said.
The rising market continued…

Need to break back of inflation  says RaghuramRajanWe need to improve the quality and quantity and scope of our data, and we are working at it, said Rajan.
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:49 pm
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said there was a need to “break the back” of inflation which remains high and controlling it would make the apex bank’s position more comfortable.
“The real problem is inflation that is persistent. We have been emphasising again and again in order to break the back of inflation, we got to break this persistence,” Rajan said at the 8th Statistics Day Conference here.
He said once inflation is contained, the RBI will be in a much more comfortable position.
In August, consumer price index (CPI) or retail inflation eased to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent in July, while the wholesale price index (WPI) moderated to 3.74 per cent from 5.19 per cent in July.
Noting that various economic data available in the country is not very comprehensive, Rajan pressed for an urgent need to improve them.
“We need to improve the quality and quantity and scope of our data, and we are working at it,” Rajan said.
He said India’s employment data, which forms the basis for number of decision on monetary policies in many countries, comes with a lag and is not comparable.
“We need to work on getting a timely and comprehensive employment data base, perhaps on the monthly level,” Rajan said.
He said the RBI is working with a National Sample Survey Organisation (NSSO) to create a strong and reliable data base on employment.
He also said the country does not have a proper producer price index and the RBI would soon create a series.

Won t feel  jealous  of India s Mars success...China
(Soon after Mangalyaan's…)
BEIJING: China will not feel "jealous" of India's Mars mission success but will have "myriad reasons" to feel delighted at the feat, state media here said today.
"Apparently, China will not feel jealous of Mangalyaan entering Mars orbit. Chinese people understand that they boast much more advanced technological, economic and social development than India does," state-run Global Times said in its editorial titled 'India's Mars success boosts space research'.
"The Indian public fully expressed their elation at having surpassed China in Mars exploration. China's first Mars exploratory probe, Yinghuo-1, went missing one year after its launch in 2011," the editorial said.
Watched by Prime Minister Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientists broke into wild cheers and congratulated each other after the 1,350 kg Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft 'Mangalyaan' was manoeuvred into its designated place.
"There is rhetoric on India's Internet that the success of Mangalyaan is pouring salt into China's wounds, which, however, is too serious and strong a characterisation," the article said.
"Actually, Chinese people have myriad reasons to feel delighted at the success of the Mangalyaan probe alongside Indian people," it said.
Soon after Mangalyaan's successful entry into Martian space, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying hailed the achievement as Asia's pride.
"This is pride of India and Pride of Asia and also is the landmark progress in humankind's exploration of outer space. So we congratulate India on that," Hua said.
Almost all the Chinese media featured Mangalyaan's success prominently with photos of celebrations in India.
"The total cost of the Indian mission has been put at Rs 4.5 billion rupees (USD 74 million) cheaper than the cost of making a Hollywood movie," state-run Xinhua news agency said in its report.
The Global Times, known for its nationalistic posture, however, took a dig at India's Martian achievement saying that "If a country that is relatively backward in scientific research is able to send a probe to Mars, it is highly possible that Yinghuo-2 may succeed in the future."
"No country can claim to be a leader in every arena. India has proved this point in its competition with China, When poor nations participate in the space race, they are often sneered at by others and criticised domestically as well," the Global Times said.
"India's space exploration endeavour, against its prevailing social conditions, should be reflected upon by Chinese people. China's space programme and the relevance to its social development level were subjected to intensive Western public scrutiny, but the West takes China's competitiveness in space seriously now. India reminds us of the importance of taking the first step," it said.
The editorial said "though Yinghuo-1 was outperformed by Mangalyaan, China's aerospace sector has made precious achievements in space, such as manned spaceflight and building space stations. Without these previous efforts, we will still be absent in some core fields."
"Mangalyaan brings us more affirmation than a sense of competition. Among net users from both countries, acrimonious remarks are heard against each other, creating an impression that China and India are mired in deep hostility," it said.
"But any real conflict of interest between the two is much less serious. Bilateral cooperation is entering the prime stage," it added.
China has successfully launched manned missions into space as well as unmanned missions to Moon besides putting dozens of satellites into space at regular intervals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India: FDI is also  First Develop India  says PMemployment
(Modi said he wanted to make…)
NEW DELHI: Ease of doing business, focus on Public-Private partnerships, harnessing the potential of Democracy, Demography and Demand - that's what forms the key focus of PM Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign.
Calling development of India a 'collective responsibility', PM Modi on Thursday said, "We must stress on two FDIs - First Develop India and Foreign Direct Investment." "For Indians FDI is a responsibility, it means to First Develop India, for global investors FDI is an opportunity in the form of Foreign Direct Investment," he explained.
Focusing on job creation through growth of the manufacturing sector, Modi said, "We need to enhance the purchasing power of Indians. We need to create jobs to move poor to middle class bracket." "Treat India as not just a market. See every Indian as an opportunity to increase their purchasing power," Modi emphasised.
"We have to change the economic dynamics; we have to improve manufacturing in a fashion that benefits the poor. This is a cycle, move poor people towards being a part of middle class," he added. "Manufacturing boost will create jobs, increase purchasing power, thereby creating a larger market for manufacturers," he explained.
The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
Talking about the ease of doing business, Modi stressed on ensuring smoother state-centre relations. "Development of states is important. States and centre have to work together to attract investment." "Development of states is development of India," he added.
Laying out a red carpet to both global and domestic industrialists and investors, Modi said, "We want our companies to shine as MNCs. We are ready to stand as facilitators." "We can change the direction and fate of India," he sought to assure.
In the context of manufacturing and deficits Modi advocated the importance of exports. "We are aggressively going to work towards export promotion," he said.
Watch: Make India a manufacturing hub: Narendra Modi
  Stating that Asia is the next growth story Modi said, "The world is looking to Asia for growth. I don't need to give an invitation; I just need to tell people the address of India."
Seeking to reassure investors of the government's intent to promote growth Modi said, "Development is an article of faith for the government. We are dedicated to growth." "I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance. Government working as a facilitator can produce results," he added.
Noting the important role that government has to play Modi said, "I want to take India higher on Ease-of-Doing-Business Index. We need to create an environment of growth, development in the country." "Incentives alone won't work; development and growth directed measures are important. Investors need security first, then growth and profit," he said.
"Government should intervene to instil confidence. Government is committed to growth; there is no political agenda but article of faith. Be assured you will not lose your money," Modi told investors. "Rule of law should be there, corporate government responsibility should be the norm," he said while talking about collective development responsibility.
Modi expressed confidence that the NDA government has reversed the trend of investors wanting to leave India. "In the last one year, many industrialists wanted to shift out of India. We don't want that industrialists should be forced to leave India. I can say with confidence that people don't think of leaving India now."
Trust formed the mantra of Modi's pitch to investors. "I agree that money doesn't come by merely inviting it. We should begin by trusting each other. Trust is the first step."
Citing the government's move to allow self-attestation of documents Modi said, "Self-certification may seem a small decision, but we have trusted the citizens of the country. Our motto is to trust citizens; this trust has the potential to change many things."
Modi also talked about the critical importance of robust infrastructure. "We have to move towards next generation infrastructure. We need not just highways, but I-ways too, that is Information-ways." "We have to move towards port-led development. Infrastructure is important to support manufacturing and industry."
Exhibiting confidence in India's talent pool, Modi said, "Nobody can question the talent of our people...especially after yesterday (after ISRO's successful MOM)." At the same time Modi pointed out that skill manned power should be made available based on requirement of the industry and area.
PM Modi concluded his 'Make in India' pitch by urging investors to focusing on developing India and ensuring that the manufacturing sector becomes a success story.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex plunges about 400 points; Five reasons D-Street is sinkingSensex ends day 276 points down; 5 reasons Dalal Street is sinking
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 04.27PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: 'Make in India' campaign launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi failed to cheer markets; as benchmark Sensex plunged as much as 395 points in intraday trade, led by losses in ICICI Bank , RIL, Axis Bank and ONGC .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological support level of 7900, but managed to claw back towards the fag end of the trade to close at 7911.85 level. The fall in the index was led by losses in power, realty, oil & gas and banking stocks.
The 30-share index closed at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points or 1.03 per cent. It touched a high of 26,814.20 and a low of 26,349.55 in trade today.
The Nifty ended at 7,911.85, down 90.55 points or 1.13 per cent. It touched a high of 8,019.30 and a low of 7,877.35 in trade today.
October is a month with less trading sessions. So the movement would be volatile with more of gap up - gap downs, caution analysts.
"The index is making a Doji candle on Monthly chart. After the run up of the last seven months, if it doesn't settle above 8,000 and sustains below 7,950 levels, then this positive rally may end. We may see lower levels of 7,840 & 7,700," said Chandan Taparia, Derivatives Analyst, Anand Rathi.
(Doji candle means opening and closing at almost same levels after a rage-bound move of the entire month. This is a sign of indecision between bulls and bear, and if this candle occurs at the top of rally then the immediate trend may end).
Here are five reasons that could have led to the fall on Dalal Street:
September F&O expiry:
The market always remains volatile with fierce moves on either side ahead of F&O expiry which is due on September 25 (Thursday). This is because traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series, say analysts.
"Given the fact this is an F&O expiry week, this consolidation and a little bit of profit booking was expected in the market," said Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
"By my understanding, this negative bias could continue but not with any deep or sharp cuts, though certainly, volatility could be the order of the day," he added.
Coal Block De-allocation:
The Supreme Court cancelled almost all coal blocks given to private companies since 1993, delivering a severe blow to firms that invested heavily in power stations and factories linked to producing mines.
Even though the verdict clears some bit of uncertainty, but the verdict will still remain an overhang on markets and various sectors such as mining, power for some more time.
There will be a considerable amount of nervousness both in the broader market as well as in the frontline stocks , say experts and investors can look at defensives and export-oriented themes such as IT and pharma.
"40% of the index - and that is adjusting for SAIL , NTPC and Coal India which are unaffected by today's order - is greatly affected by this cancellation of coal mines. This includes banks, power and metals," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
"So I guess this representation will be more or less similar in the broader markets as well, in days ahead as the uncertainty looms over what kind of auction policy the government adopts," he added.
Sekhar pointed that since the balance sheets of many of these companies in power and metal sector are in a real state of disarray, it will be very difficult for the market to claw back as if nothing had happened.
Yellen warning on interest rates:
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says she wants investors to be prepared for the possibility that the Fed will raise interest rates sooner than they currently project. Her words are going unheeded, said media reports.
Heavy FII selling:
Foreign institutional investors or FIIs which are the backbone of over 28 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex have slowed down buying on the Indian bourses even turning net sellers.
FII sold Rs 1,185.17 crore in equities on Sept 23 while DII bought Rs 325.70 crore in equities on September 23 when Sensex plunged 431 points on Tuesday.
The figure was less aggressive on 24 September Wednesday. FIIs sold Rs 793.65 crore in equities while DII's bought Rs 15.29 crore on the same day as per provisional data.
Technical Breakdown on Charts:
The 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8000. The trend does indicate some bit of bearishness but we are still in bull market, say analysts.
"Even though the charts are suggesting bearishness, but if 7930 is broken down on a closing basis, we can go down all the way to 7600, even 7580. Yet, the bull market remains even if we go to 7200, we are still in a bull market," said Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth.
"If we close below 7930 on Wednesday or the day after, then the bigger fall commences and we will go down all the way to 7650. For me, as a trader that would be more worrisome for people who are long," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Catch these midcap stocks on dips; top 10 stocks that can return upto 35% in a yearCatch midcap stocks on dips; top ten stocks which can give 35% return in 1 year
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 02.57PM IST
(Investors should use that…)
NEW DELHI: Midcap stocks have been on the radar of investors so far in the year 2014 on the hopes that the newly-elected Modi government will boost growth and revive the investment cycle.
Riding the optimism, the S&P BSE Midcap index has managed to rally over 40 per cent compared over 26 per cent gain seen in the BSE Sensex so far in the year 2014.
Most of the midcap stocks have rallied ahead of fundamentals and there is strong possibility that if correction happens, it will be fiercer in small and midcap stocks rather than large caps.
But investors should use that dip to enter or accumulate quality stocks at lower levels, say analysts, considering the fact that midcaps are due for correction.
In its latest report, investment bank UBS has turned more selective on Indian midcaps and says valuations relative to large caps are now at historical highs.
The market had a dream rally in the last few days with blue chips starting to outperform and midcaps and small caps also joining the party.
"Well, there was a need for this bit of correction or consolidation which would, in fact, give the markets more strength for the events that are coming up," said Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
"There is no need to be very bearish on the market, because we know that in the last few weeks, whenever there was a bearish undertone, the market has managed to bounce back," he added.
"So, we would be buyers on all dips in this market and ask our clients to accumulate good-quality stocks," says Mehta.
We have collated a list of ten stocks from different brokerage firms which can give up to 35 per cent return in the next 12 months:
MCX: Target price set at Rs 1050
MCX is a bottom-up idea that can continue to rerate with its change in ownership. It also has the potential for significant earnings upside if the FCRA Bill is passed.
UBS values the stock at 31x FY16E EPS, as they believe the stock will trade at premium valuations in the near to medium term. Regional exchanges are trading at 26x FY16 EPS and MCX's past peak multiple range was 35-40x. The price target is Rs1,050.00.
Voltas: Target price set at Rs 290
Voltas is a leading mechanical, electrical and plumbing (MEP) contractor in India and the Middle East. UBS expects the company to benefit from any investment-cycle improvement in these markets, especially at its retail air conditioning business. They value Voltas at 21x FY16E PE, slightly above its historical mean as they factor in cyclical recovery in the projects business and a higher share of the consumer business at around 43% of sales.
LIC housing Finance: Target price set at Rs 400
UBS believes that LIC Housing Finance is in a sweet spot on margins and expects NIMs to improve from 2.25% in FY14 to 2.74% in FY17E as (1) a decline in the interest rate would support margins given a higher proportion of fixed retail loans (at about 40%);
(2) yields would be supported by re-pricing of around 37% of loans in FY16EFY18E and an increasing proportion of higher-yielding loans;
and (3) a change in the liability mix towards cheaper non-convertible debentures (NCD) from expensive bank borrowings.
The stock is up 45% YTD. However, it is still trading at a 5% discount to its five-year average P/BV multiple. The global investment bank believes that lower interest rates will benefit LIC Housing Finance.
Britannia Industries Ltd: Target price set at Rs 1750
UBS believes that Britannia is amongst the most popular and trusted food brands in India, and one that could be easily leveraged into newer sub-sectors. They think that its four core brands - Good Day, Nutri-Choice, Bourbon, and Treat - have the potential to leverage across new categories, thereby aiding premiumisation.
UBS believes the share price will rerate based on: 1) a shift in consumer preference from mass-market to premium biscuits (Britannia's main product), yielding higher-than-sector volume growth and driving above-consensus earnings growth; and 2) the new management's focus on increasing rural penetration and upgrading products in urban markets.
Bajaj Electricals: Target price set at Rs 375
UBS likes Bajaj Electricals for its strong brands, large distribution network and strong market position in various product categories. Over the past few quarters, strong growth in the consumer business (lighting and durables) has been masked by poor E&P performance.
They expect this situation to improve from FY15 onwards. While the past two quarters' disappointment in consumer business is a cause for worry and raised question about its brand power, "we believe it is still premature to come to such a conclusion. The stock appears, in any case, inexpensive compared with peers," it says.
Cummins India Ltd: Target price set at Rs 765

ISRO team presents MOM s first pictures of Mars to ModiUpdated: September 26, 2014 16:15 IST
MOM gets clicking before work
Special Correspondent
Tweet
ISRO The first image of Mars from ISRO's Mars Orbiter. The Orbiter tweeted the photo saying: "The view is nice up here."
In this photo downloaded off Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s personal Twitter handle @narendramodi, Isro chief K. Radhakrishnan and his team presents the first picture of Mars sent by the Mars Orbiter Mission.
SLIDESHOW
space programme
First images presented to Prime Minister
ISRO’s Mars orbiter has sent down first-day pictures that show the grainy orange Martian terrain. The space agency on Thursday unveiled two of the first five pictures taken by the Mars colour camera. Some more pictures are to be made public on Friday.
Within the first half-hour of going round Mars, the orbiter clicked five pictures each taken five minutes apart. They were received and processed till late night at the Indian Space Science Data Centre for planetary studies at Byalalu near here.
ISRO scientists presented the first images to Prime Minister on Thursday morning before putting them out — notably first on Twitter.
A team of @isro scientists presented the 1st pictures from #Mangalyaan today morning. @isro pic.twitter.com/sqCRQrhftO
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 25, 2014
The first image shows a Martian surface with a black patch taken from a distance of 7,300 km. The second one, distance unmentioned, was also on Twitter by evening and has a part of the orange orb in the background of deep black space.
“1st image of Mars, from a height of 7300 km; with 376m spatial resolution. MT @MarsOrbiter The view is nice up here,” ISRO tweeted.
To this, Mr. Modi responded, “Yes, I agree @MarsOrbiter, the view is indeed nice up there! @isro.”
Yes, I agree @MarsOrbiter , the view is indeed nice up there! @isro pic.twitter.com/hX3TNd9ggk
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 25, 2014
ISRO’s Scientific Secretary V. Koteswara Rao said over the next seven to 10 days, “we will plan [when] to switch on the [other four] payloads. We are checking the health of the orbiter.” They include the methane sensor for Mars, which is expected to say if Mars ever harboured life.
After the big move of September 24, “35 kg of fuel is left in the orbiter and it should be comfortable for six months,” which is the planned life of the Mars Orbiter Mission, he said.
Post-orbit, the Mars mission team has been collating data from the four ground stations and maintaining the elliptical path, which is 423 km from Mars at the nearest point and 76,000 km at the farther end of the path.
Every three days, the orbiter gets eclipsed and briefly goes without sunlight. The mission team must ensure unhindered operations at that time, an official said.

Sensex Down 200 Points; RIL  ONGC SlumpYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply; ONGC, RIL Slump
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 16:00 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty fell over 1 per cent amid strong selling pressure in oil & gas, banking and metal stocks.
The Sensex was down 283 points at 26,461 while Nifty fell 84 points to 7,917.
Oil & gas heavyweights ONGC and Reliance Industries fell 4 per cent and 3.5 per cent respectively after the government on Wednesday deferred the gas price hike that was to come into effect starting next month. The government said it would take a decision on raising gas prices by November 15.
TS Harihar, chief executive and founder of HRBV Client Solutions Private, said that delay in gas price decision is negative for the "markets in the short-term". Markets were awaiting some clarity on the gas pricing issue, he added.
Metal stocks extended their decline today after the after the Supreme Court cancelled coal block allocation. JSPL, which slumped over 10 per cent yesterday after cancellation of coal blocks, fell 8.5 per cent today.
Public sector banks continued to be weighed down by concerns over the exposure to the players whose coal block allocations were cancelled. PNB slumped nearly 6 per cent while SBI fell 3.5 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
 

Nifty below 7950  Sensex falls 250 pts; TCS outperformsSep 25, 2014, 03.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
TCS, GAIL, Dr Reedy's Labs, Infosys and Cipla are top gainers while Axis Bank, Hindalco, SBI, BHEL and Reliance are major losers.
03:20 pm Market check
The market has recovered a bit.  The Sensex is down 256.82 points or 0.9 percent at 26487.87 and the Nifty is down 84.75 points or 1 percent at 7917.65. About 613 shares have advanced, 2334 shares declined, and 84 shares are unchanged.
3:05 pm Nifty has breached 7900 for the first time in one month. The Nifty is down 122.00 points or 1.5 percent at 7880.40 just ahead of the August F&O series and the Sensex is down 389.42 points or 1.46  at 26355.27. About 593 shares have advanced, 2312 shares declined, and 80 shares are unchanged. 
03:00pm Market Check
The market turnover today crossed the Rs 7 lakh crore mark for the first time ever.
The Sensex fell 282.34 points or 1.06 percent to 26462.35, and the Nifty shed 85.20 points or 1.06 percent to 7917.20. About 622 shares have advanced, 2268 shares declined, and 86 shares are unchanged.
02:50pm Hindalco's clarification on coal verdict
After the Supreme Court cancelled 214 of 218 coal block allocations done from the period of 1993 to 2010, Hindalco Industries said the company had been allocated four coal blocks namely Mahan coal block jointly with Essar Power, Tubed coal block jointly with Tata Power, Talabira II & III coal blocks jointly with Mahanadi Coal Fields and Nayveli Lignite Corporation, and Talabira I coal block.
According to the company, Mahan, Tubed and Talabira II & III coal blocks are not yet in operation while Talabira I coal block feeds coal to the power plant which supplies power to Company's Hirakud Smelter.
02:40pm Interview
The Supreme Court ruling which proposed de-allocation of coal blocks has made the banking sector nervous, raising fears that this will add to their bad debt problem.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, CVR Rajendran, CMD, Andhra Bank, says the bank has exposure worth Rs 4,346 crore to 14 companies impacted by the SC ruling.
He says the bank can look for restructuring of assets, if required. So far the court has given a 6-month breather. In case the government comes out with a coal allocation policy within that stipulated time, and if the coal blocks get re-allocated to these companies, then the move may not have a major impact on the bank’s balance sheet, says Rajendran.
02:30pm FII view on gas price and coal issue
While the Supreme Court’s verdict on coal block removes uncertainty, the negative aspect of the verdict is that coal block allocation will go back by 20 years , says Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, he says that India is hurting from the data put out by the CAG which make no sense.
According to Sanger, India’s power sector continues to be plagued by immense uncertainties and that the power sector is grappling with issues of coal linkage and broke discoms. He feels that the government’s decision to defer gas price hike is a bigger negative than coal block de-allocation ruling.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks are headed towards week closing for the third consecutive session today. The Sensex fell 197.44 points to 26547.25 and the Nifty dropped 58.40 points to 7944 on expiry day.
The broader markets too declined further with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices losing 1.6 percent and 2.3 percent, respectively. About 678 shares have advanced while 2135 shares declined on the BSE.
Taher Badshah, Sr. VP & Fund Manager, Motilal Oswal AMC advises investing in stocks that have seen steep corrections. Furthermore, he sees opportunities in PSU banking stocks that have recently corrected.
Shares of Reliance Industries, ICICI Bank, ONGC, State Bank of India, Axis Bank, Hindalco Industries, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite and BHEL plummeted 3-6 percent.
However, FMCG, technology and pharma stocks (so called defensives) outperformed. TCS topped the buying list, up 2.6 percent followed by Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs with 2 percent gains. Infosys, L&T, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto and Maruti gained 0.3-1 percent.
13:00

Short Jain Irrigation Systems: Manas Jaiswal01:30 pm
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "For last one and a half months Jain Irrigation Systems  was trading in narrow range of Rs 85 and 96. However, today it has broken this range on the downside, it has broken the 200 day moving average also. So you may see more weakness."
"It can test Rs 77 in next 2-3 trading sessions, so one can go short with a stoploss at Rs 88," he said.
Disclosure: Analyst has no personal holdings in the stock but has recommended the stock to his clients.
RELATED NEWS

Exchange rate movement and expectations: CARELike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Exchange rate movement and expectations: CARE
CARE Ratings believes that, any sharp strengthening of the rupee below Rs 60/ $ into the fifties will prompt purchase of dollars by the RBI to stabilize the rupee. Similarly, weakening beyond Rs 62 could have the RBI moving in to stabilize the rupee, says the report.
Post your opinion here
 
CARE Ratings' report on "Exchange Rate Movement & Expectations"
The steep decline in the Indian rupee came to be the foremost economic concern for a large part of FY14. Following a series of policy measures by the RBI and the government, the rupee strengthened from its record lows (Rs.68/$) and has fairly stable in range of Rs.60-62/$ since Q4 FY14. The stability of rupee was aided by the improvements in the country’s economic fundamentals viz. the narrowing of the CAD and the increase of foreign inflows into the country.
Fundamentals driving the rupee
Besides sentiment, which is difficult to quantify, the exchange rate is driven by basic forces of demand and supply for foreign exchange or dollars. Data on foreign exchange rate is available on a daily basis but the factors that influence this rate come with different periodicity. The FII inflow which is a major factors that affect the movement, is available on a daily basis. However other fundamentals that affect the exchange rate such as forex reserves, trade balance are available on a weekly and monthly basis respectively.
FDI
India remains one of the top destinations for FDI inflows. In terms of FDI, the country has received $ 8,168 million in Q1 FY15 as against $ 6,488 million in Q1 FY14. Based on DIPP data FDI investment for the first four month of the financial year stood at $ 10,736 million ($ 7,053 in the corresponding period last year). FDI inflows are expected to continue to increase in the coming months, with $35-40 billion of inflow for FY15.
RBI Action
RBI plays a major role in regulating the exchange rate by buying or selling foreign currency. RBI has purchased dollars worth 15.7 billion till July 2014 as against a purchase of 8.9 bn in FY14 and -7.8 bn (between April – July 2013). It has been noticed that in the current financial year RBI has been purchasing dollars to maintain the exchange rate around the Rs 60 mark. Hence, any movement of the rupee below the 60 mark would result in RBI taking action with buying more dollars.
The exchange rate movement in largely depend on the sentiments, which is guided by the FII flows and the forex reserves. There have been net accruals to the forex reserves of $ 17.6 bn (as of 12th September 2014) which is a positive for the economy as the rupee has been stable. We expect such stability to persist with a broad range of Rs 60-62/ $ to prevail. Presently the rupee is in the region of Rs 61/$ and can weaken towards December when FIIs could book their profits. We do believe that any sharp strengthening of the rupee below Rs 60/ $ into the fifties will prompt purchase of dollars by the RBI to stabilize the rupee. Similarly, weakening beyond Rs 62 could have the RBI moving in to stabilize the rupee.
Disclaimer: This report is prepared by the Economics Division of Credit Analysis &Research Limited [CARE]. CARE has taken utmost care to ensure accuracy and objectivity while developing this report based on information available in public domain. However, neither the accuracy nor completeness of information contained in this report is guaranteed. CARE is not responsible for any errors or omissions in analysis/inferences/views or for results obtained from the use of information contained in this report and especially states that CARE (including all divisions) has no financial liability whatsoever to the user of this report.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Thinksoft Global; target of Rs 635: Firstcall ResearchLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Thinksoft Global; target of Rs 635: Firstcall Research
Firstcall Research is bullish on Thinksoft Global Services and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 635 in its September 22, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Firstcall Research report on Thinksoft Global Services
“Thinksoft Global is a specialist in financial software testing with over 14-million person hour track records for Global 500 financial and insurance organisations in USA, UK, Europe, India and Asia-Pacific. Through its domain focus, structured testing methodologies, offshore delivery, and test automation expertise, Thinksoft helps clients realise 'business ready software', compress timelines, and reduce software product life cycle costs. In the last 14 years, Thinksoft Global has established a successful track record of handling large independent functional testing assignments and established a global presence in New York, London, Frankfurt, Singapore, Bangalore and Chennai. Thinksoft Global is the Winner of the Deloitte Tech Fast 50 India and Tech Fast 500 AsiaPac – 2006, 2007 and 2008. Thinksoft is ISO 9001:2000 certified for 'Providing offshore testing and documentation services for the Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance verticals.. Thinksoft Global Services Ltd” is the leading Business Assurance and Testing Specialist focusing exclusively on the Financial Sector. With a successful track record of over 15 years, and more than 14 million person hours of Testing, the company has served 150 plus customers in APAC, USA, UK and Middle East.”
“At the current market price of Rs. 572.00, the stock P/E ratio is at 18.25 x FY15E and 16.55 x FY16E respectively. Earning per share (EPS) of the company for the earnings for FY15E and FY16E is seen at Rs.31.35 and Rs.34.56 respectively. Net Sales and PAT of the company are expected to grow at a CAGR of 18% and 22% over 2013 to 2016E respectively. On the basis of EV/EBITDA, the stock trades at 10.10 x for FY15E and 9.00 x for FY16E. Price to Book Value of the stock is expected to be at 4.56 x and 3.90 x respectively for FY15E and FY16E. We expect that the company surplus scenario is likely to continue for the next three years, will keep its growth story in the coming quarters also. We recommend ‘BUY’ in this particular scrip with a target price of Rs.635.00 for Medium to Long term investment,” says Firstcall Research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Blackberry s New Plan To Save The Company Is... A Square Phonereddit
If you're tired of rectangular smartphones for some reason, you're in luck: on Wednesday, BlackBerry released the 4.5-inch, very square BlackBerry Passport to the public.
The new device, which has a physical keyboard that overlays a touchscreen, is currently available through ShopBlackberry.com and Amazon for $599 as unlocked phones that must then be taken to wireless carriers. So far, only AT&T has signed on as an official carrier, though BlackBerry anticipates others will follow suit by the end of the year. AT&T has yet to reveal when it will start offering the phone or at what price, but BlackBerry expects carriers to sell the Passport for about $249 with a new contract .
The BlackBerry Passport will come in white and black.
The phone's square shape might be hard to get used to at first, but it's pretty similar in size to other "phablets" on the market. In fact, it's actually more compact than the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The Passport also boasts a 30-hour battery life (the iPhone lasts about 10 hours) and a screen that fits 60 characters per line (the iPhone fits 40 characters).
BlackBerry chief executive John Chen took a shot at the new iPhones Apple released last week, noting at a media event on Wednesday that the Passport doesn't bend. iPhone users have complained that their glitzy new devices were permanently damaged by bending in their pockets. On Tuesday, a gadget reviewer uploaded a video to YouTube that showed him bending an iPhone 6 Plus with his bare hands.
"I challenge you to bend the Passport," said Chen.
From left to right: A 4-inch iPhone 4S, 4.5-inch BlackBerry Passport and 5-inch Samsung Galaxy.
The square style was inspired by actual passports, a designer said. According to BlackBerry's official blog , the new phone is meant for "the working professional," and mentions uses for architects, mortgage brokers, doctors, investment bankers and writers. In BlackBerry's view, a square model makes sense for those who spend their days typing emails and viewing spreadsheets.
"The BlackBerry Passport will take you to new places on the best business trip you’ve ever had," the company proclaimed in the blog post.
BlackBerry says the square screen is perfect for the business community.
At the event, BlackBerry said users type four times more accurately with the Passport than users with Blackberry 10 devices that had touchscreen keyboards. The Passport's keyboard is wider and has enlarged keys compared to previous models.
“We designed it for somebody who’s looking for a durable product, a reliable product, and a beautiful product,”Alison Phillips, managing director of industrial design at BlackBerry, said in a video about the design .
The keyboard has physically raised keys that are also touch-sensitive.
CORRECTION: This post initially misstated the name of the iPhone 6, and has been updated to reflect that Blackberry 10 is an operating system, not a device.
More:

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionIS refineries hit  Modis US visit  H&M heatwave slump  Wall St. occupational haSeptember 25, 2014
What to watch for today
Narendra Modi’s US roadshow. India’s prime minister will be visiting New York and Washington for the first time, though politics won’t be the only thing on the agenda: He also wants Coke and Pepsi to start putting fruit juice in their soda.
Whatever happened to Kim Jong-un? North Korea’s dictator  hasn’t been seen in public for three weeks. The South Korean government is paying close attention to today’s session of the North’s parliament, which the Dear Leader has always attended.
Muscle-flexing in the South China Sea. The navies of Japan and the Philippines are scheduled to hold drills  in order to increase “maritime situational awareness.” A Philippines spokesman said the exercises have “ nothing to do” with ongoing territorial disputes , but China might see things differently.
Nike tries to live up to the hype. Rising demand from emerging markets, huge marketing campaigns, and new fashion lines are getting investors excited about higher profits. Analysts expect first-quarter earnings per share to rise to 88 cents , from 86 cents a year earlier.
While you were sleeping
David Cameron recalled parliament to vote on Islamic State airstrikes. Lawmakers will convene on Friday to decide whether to back attacks against the extremist group in northern Iraq (but not in Syria). All three major UK parties are expected to back the prime minister’s request for military action.
Mario Draghi predicted a euro zone bump. The bloc will see “modest growth” in the second half of the year , the president of the European Central Bank told a Lithuanian business daily  (in Lithuanian). Sanctions against Russia (and Moscow’s counter-sanctions) have had a limited impact, he said, but it is up to national governments to “use any leeway to make fiscal policies more growth-friendly.”
China discovered nearly $10 billion in fraudulent trade. Export and import documents have been “ faked, forged, and illegally re-used, ” the nation’s foreign exchange inspection department said. The investigation covered 24 cities and provinces nationwide, including Qingdao, where a metal trading fraud has exposed banks to huge potential losses.
Obama hit the Islamic State where it hurts. US warplanes launched airstrikes targeting small IS oil refineries in Syria, an attempt to cut off some of the $2 million in daily oil sales that the extremist group uses to fund its operations. Despite the bombings, IS conquered  new territory in a Kurdish area of northern Syria , near the Turkish border.
H&M said it was too hot to shop. An unusually warm September caused shoppers to put off spending on autumn clothing, the Swedish retailer said, as sales grew 7% in the month , compared with an average 16% in the six months before. Third-quarter pre-tax profits were up almost 20% on the year to 7 billion crowns ($972 million).
IKEA prepared the ground for stores in India. The Swedish retail giant signed agreements  with two Indian states ahead of plans to open stores in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, and Hyderabad, although no timeline was offered.
The bubble popped for Chinese iPhone smugglers. Apple’s new smartphone hasn’t been released yet in the mainland, which sent the gray market price surging to almost $1,500 over the weekend . But a glut of supply from Hong Kong has since driven  prices down to about $980 , hurting smugglers who had stockpiled the devices ; the same model costs HK$5,588 ($720) in Hong Kong’s Apple store.
Quartz obsession interlude
Gwynn Guilford on why more paternity leave is what economies—and mothers—really need. “The secret to keeping mothers in the workforce lies not in giving them more time off, but in getting more fathers to stay at home instead. And that, it turns out, depends to a large extent on getting rid of the pay gap that exists between men and women almost everywhere.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
The US is helping al-Qaeda in Syria. What’s bad for the Islamic State is good for its rivals .
Ubiquitous porn doesn’t only affect teenagers. Even folks in their 40s are starting to behave differently  due to the glut of free smut.
All occupations have hazards. But the moral perils of working on Wall Street are particularly insidious .
BlackBerry’s square phone is weird, but wonderful. It might not turn the company around, but it does things no other smartphone can .
Surprising discoveries
Winnie the Pooh was a real bear. She was brought to the London Zoo by a US soldier and spotted by Christopher Robin Milne, son of the book’s author.
Oslo has a social media mood sculpture. It repaints itself according to the emotions in peoples’ tweets .
India’s Mars mission was cheaper than Gravity. It cost just $74 million  to send the Mangalyaan spacecraft to Mars, versus $100 million to show Sandra Bullock in Earth orbit.
Buying votes with drugs—what could go wrong? A Texas school board election worker is charged with offering voters  $10 dime bags of cocaine .
There’s an exoplanet with atmospheric water vapor.  HAT-P-11b is in the constellation Cygnus , a mere 130 million light years from Earth.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, real-life Eeyores, and mood-sensitive artwork to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Which countries ask Google for users data most often  and which countries are most successful in getting itI spy?((AP Photo/Jens Meyer, file))
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 25, 2014
Last week, Google released its latest transparency report showing the number of user data requests the company received in the first six months of 2014. Google says it fielded roughly 32,000 requests for information and complied (in whole or in part) 65% of the time.
Quartz looked at the numbers dating back to December 2010, which is when Google first started reporting the percentage of requests it granted. Since then, the US has greatly surpassed any other nation in the volume of requests submitted. But the number of users it has requested information about (62,709) is equal to just 0.02% of the country’s total number of internet users, based on  World Bank data . For the remaining countries on the list of the top five requesters (India, UK, Germany, France) the percentages are virtually the same.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Quartz then looked at which countries were most successful at obtaining data from Google over the same time period.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The top nation was Finland, which has one of the highest internet penetration rates in the world. Google granted some portion of Finland’s user data requests 93% of the time in the period analyzed. Three of the remaining four nations—the US, UK, and New Zealand—are part of the so-called “ Five Eyes ” intelligence alliance, which dates back to World War II and was referred to in the  NSA leaks  last year.
Share this:

Clean India: Modi to wield broom on Oct 2Modi to emulate Parrikar with brooms on Gandhi Jayanti
By Mayabhushan Nagvenkar | IANS –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014
Print
Panaji, Sep 25 (IANS) By choosing Oct 2, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, to start his Swachh Bharat (Clean India) mission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi may have taken a leaf from fellow partymate and Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar's book.
The idea to use the broom to good effect on Gandhi Jayanti was first mooted by Parrikar 12 years ago.
The 58-year-old technocrat, during his first stint as the first Bharatiya Janata Party chief minister of Goa, had announced a slew of decisions, some controversial, which included cancellation of Gandhi Jayanti as a government holiday and making government servants use brooms to clean their offices on the day for two hours.
"Gandhi believed in work and I want to begin the work culture on his birthday," Parrikar had said during his media interaction after he announced his innovative plan in November 2011.
This is not too dissimilar to Modi's Swachh Bharat (Clean India) announcement in his Independence Day address August 15.
Modi, in his speech in Bangalore on Tuesday, said that he would himself use the broom on October 2 and asked Indians to spare two hours every week to the sanitation drive to make India a clean nation.
"I am seeking alms from countrymen. In alms, I seek your 100 hours in a year. We will together launch a cleanliness drive. You give your two hours in a week. As you clean up your house for a guest, prosperity will enter our country if we remove all dirt," he said.
Modi had  during his election campaign also spoken about the importance of cleanliness and backed construction of toilets all across India coining a trademark slogan "Pehle sauchalaya phir devalaya" (toilet first, temple later).
Media reports also suggest that Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth has instructed all central government officials to participate in Modi's cleanliness drive which starts on the birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation Mahatma Gandhi, who was himself a stickler for cleanliness.
In 2001, it was a circular by then state chief secretary Baleshwar Rai which dropped October 2 from the list of notified official holidays and instead re-classified Gandhi Jayanti as a "Clean Offices Day".
The circular also made it mandatory for all state government personnel to attend office and dedicate two hours between 10 a.m. and 12 noon to cleaning up their office premises in sync with Gandhian principles. The circular also dropped Goa Statehood Day (May 30) from the list of state government holidays.
When asked if the BJP in Goa was proud that one of its plans of action conceived 12 years back had actually been emulated to a degree by the Prime Minister, state party president Vinay Tendulkar said: "Yes. Goa had tried it too. The party  now will take the (Swachh Bharat) programme forward in full swing. We will do it in Goa".
Tendulkar also told IANS that a meeting had been called later this week to discuss the modalities of Modi's programme and decide on ways and means on how best it could be taken forward.
(Mayabhushan Nagvenkar can be contacted at mayabhushan.n@ians.in)
Recommend

Shahid and Shraddha all set for the big dayCelebrity
Shahid and Shraddha promote 'Haider'
'Haider' is a Bollywood adaptation of Shakespeare's famous play, Hamlet, directed by Vishal Bhardwaj, Shahid Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor play the main leads.
Tabu and Kay Kay Menon on Comedy Nights with Kapil
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 4:30 PM IST

Lahore face Chennai s run-machineStart time 2000 local (1430 GMT)
Big picture
After their opening loss to Kolkata Knight Riders, Chennai Super Kings ensured Dolphins would not be in a position to do an Andre Russell on them. They blasted their way to 242 for 6, equaling the highest total in the Champions League T20, as Suresh Raina led with a 43-ball 90. Dolphins tried hard, but even a reply of 188 meant a crushing margin of victory for Super Kings.
In previous seasons, the side's approach was to build steadily and accelerate, but the opening pair of Dwayne Smith and Brendon McCullum has given them enhanced freedom to attack from the first ball. Super Kings lost Smith early against Dolphins but that did not stop them from reaching 100 by the ninth over. The Super Kings line-up is packed with hitters, which means an onslaught can get difficult to contain for the opposition if multiple batsmen fire.
Brendon McCullum and Suresh Raina are dangerous at the top of the order. (IANS Photo)
That is something Lahore Lions will also have to watch out for. Lions did not start badly at all in their first group match against Kolkata Knight Riders as Ahmed Shehzad dominated an opening stand of 50. They were faced with Sunil Narine and the debutant chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav after that, and collapsed to 103 for 6 before Umar Akmal revived them to 151 for 7. They followed that with atrocious fielding and catching to suffer a four-wicket loss.
Knight Riders themselves went from 100 for 0 to 147 for 6 to make the chase interesting. Unlike them, Super Kings are not prone to such collapses, and Lions will have to put in a sharply improved performance in all departments if they are to challenge MS Dhoni's men.
Form guide
Chennai Super Kings WLLWW (most recent first, completed matches only)
Lahore Lions LWLWW
Watch out for
Mohammad Hafeez struggled to 9 off 15 against Knight Riders. He wasn't able to pick Kuldeep and was intent on using the slog-sweep, which he tried unsuccessfully several times and eventually top-edged one in the deep. Hafeez had struggled against Southern Express in the qualifiers as well, but had recovered from 15 off 24 to take 52 off his final 16 deliveries. Hafeez has the ability to suddenly convert a crawl into an explosive finish. He needs to find the second gear soon.
He performs acrobatics in the deep, he fields like a man possessed in the covers, he thumps sixes at the top of the order, and he is also the only man from his country to have made a Test triple hundred. He does all this with a back that has given him trouble for years now. Brendon McCullum is a special cricketer, and one half of one of the most destructive T20 opening combinations. Lions, who conceded 100 against openers Robin Uthappa and Gautam Gambhir , will need to strike early against Super Kings.
Stats and trivia
Suresh Raina needs one more six to become the first Indian and tenth batsman to hit 200 T20 sixes
Dwayne Bravo is the only Super Kings bowler to go for under six an over so far in the tournament
Ahmed Shehzad has scored the most runs for Lahore Lions - 1380 from 44 games with one hundred and nine fifties
Quotes
"One of the areas we need to improve is fielding. We have to do well as a fielding unit. We have to really raise the standard of our fielding''
Mohammad Hafeez couldn't be clearer about what he wants Lahore Lions to do
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Akhilesh uses transfer threat to keep babus on deadlineAkhilesh Yadav uses transfer threat to keep babus on deadline
Mail Today –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014
Print
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday adopted a carrot-and-stick policy to get crucial projects completed by two senior bureaucrats.
The chief minister told the senior IAS officers that he would cancel their transfer order if they finish the projects within the deadline.
“Principal Secretary, Housing and Urban Planning, Sada Kant and Principal Secretary, Infrastructure and Industrial Development, Sanjeev Saran must complete these works within the given time. Their transfers can be cancelled if they are committed to completing these works in Lucknow city,” Akhilesh said, listing the delay in progress of seven works.
Kant and Saran had been transferred as Commissioner of Basti and Devipatan, respectively, on September 18. A few hours, the chief minister cancelled the transfer order of the two bureaucrats for the timebeing.
The beautification work of main gate of Sheesh Mahal and its pond, Satkhand Park, Ghantaghar, Picture Gallery Park, Clock Tower and laying of electric cables between Hussainabad Tile Wali Masjid to Jama Masjid Crossing are among the projects assigned to the two babus.
Barring three projects, the remaining are to be completed by the end of this year.
“The two officers have been warned after a review of the works revealed it is not up to the mark. Strict disciplinary action will be taken against them if they don’t meet the deadline,” Akhilesh said.
Sources in the government told Mail Today that the chief minister had shifted the bureaucrats from Lucknow to Basti and Gonda because the SP leaders and some clerics were unhappy with them because of their insensitivity towards public issues.
“Both are known for not listening to the ruling SP workers. The chief minister had transferred them after receiving complaints. But later, his father and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav suggested him to let these officers stay in the state capital. Akhilesh then tried to send a message that he was giving time to the two officers to mend their ways,” an officer said on the condition of anonymity.
Tenders for the beautification project had been inordinately delayed at various levels. Saran, the then divisional commissioner of Lucknow, and Kant, incharge of the housing department, are believed to be responsible for the red tape.
Incidentally, the transfer order was issued by the Akhilesh Yadav government after the results of the UP by-elections was declared on September 16.
Political observers say that an emboldened government had then decided to send a message to the bureaucrats in the state.
Recommend

Ambani  Birla  Premji share their vision of  Make in IndiaHi Guest
Ambani, Birla, Premji share their vision of 'Make in India'
Image: Tata Group chairman Cyrus Mistry, Wipro chairman Azim Premji and Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman, Aditya Birla Group at the inauguration of the ‘Make In India’. Photograph: : Manvender Vashist/PTI Industry leaders from both India and abroad on Thursday pledged their support to the government's 'Make in India' campaign and sought stable tax structure, labour law reforms and expeditious decision-making to make it a reality. At the star-studded launch of Prime Minister ...

PM launches Make in India global initiativePM launches Make in India global initiative
India Inc applauds Mangalyaan  says India will soon become a manufacturing hubIndia Inc applauds Mangalyaan  says India will soon become a manufacturing hub
PM Modi calls US vital partner for India s national developmentPM Modi calls US vital partner for India s national development
India stock index futures signal positive openIndia stock index futures signal positive open
Mars Mission not about being cheapMars Mission not about being cheap
Aus govt approves Adani s coal mining projectAus govt approves Adani s coal mining project
Mukesh Ambani promises 1.25 lakh jobs at  Make in India  launchMukesh Ambani promises 1.25 lakh jobs at  Make in India  launch
Gold  silver tumble on global cuesGold  silver tumble on global cues
White House to respectfully accommodate Modis navaratri fastUpdated: September 24, 2014 12:07 IST
White House to ‘respectfully accommodate’ Modi’s navaratri fast
PTI
PTI In this October 6, 2013 photo, Narendra Modi performs “aarti” during navratri celebrations in Ahmedabad. In view of Mr. Modi observing navratri fast during his U.S. visit, the White House has said this is unlikely to be an issue.
TOPICS
people
“As with all guests hosted by U.S. Presidents over the years, we always work to respectfully accommodate the practices of our visitors," said Caitlin Hayden, spokesperson of the National Security Council.
In view of Prime Minister Narendra Modi observing navaratri fast during his U.S. visit, the White House on Tuesday said this is unlikely to be an issue as they respectfully accommodate the practices of visitors.
“We are aware of the Prime Minister’s plans to fast during his visit to Washington. As with all guests hosted by U.S. Presidents over the years, we always work to respectfully accommodate the practices of our visitors,” said Caitlin Hayden, spokesperson of the National Security Council.
“The President looks forward to a successful bilateral visit with the Prime Minister, and we do not anticipate this being an issue in any way,” Mr. Hayden told PTI when asked about Mr. Modi’s navaratri fast, during which he will be on a liquid diet and consume lemonade with some honey and a cup of tea every day.
The White House did not provide any further details, of what Mr. Modi would be served during the private working dinner hosted by U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29, 2014.
However, the White House Historical Association, believes that the details of the dinner have already been worked out, which would be respectful of the religious practices and believes of the visiting leader.
“Since the early 1920s, the Office of Protocol at the State Department always meets with — as happened with the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister — the Head of State advance team several weeks in advance and goes over every detail of the visit, which includes any dietary concerns or restrictions,” Lara M. Kline, spokesperson of the White House Historical Association, said.
“So the Indian advance team and the State Department Office of Protocol would have come to an understanding and an agreement related to his arrival and there is always the utmost concern, respect and consideration of the Head of State. I know, they would absolutely do everything he would be comfortable with, which the advance team shared,” Ms. Kline said.
The Obama’s White House — courtesy the First Lady — has its own bee hive and produces honey which is used by the First Family and the White House kitchen.
The beehive is located on the South Lawn, and the foraging bees help pollinate the Kitchen Garden.
Charlie Brandt, a White House carpenter for more than two decades, who started beekeeping as a hobby, is the official beekeeper of the first ever beehive on White House grounds.
Meanwhile, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, “It is normal diplomatic practice that when we discuss any engagement which may entail any meal or any other food... for the host to request and for the guest, that is the Indian side, to indicate what are the dietary preferences.”
“And let me assure you that those dietary preferences have been indicated to the host (U.S.) and they have taken note of it and have prepared everything accordingly,” he said in New Delhi on Tuesday.

Police identify victims of shooting at UPS facility in AlabamaBy Mark Berman September 24 Follow @markberman
Police said three people were killed, including the gunman, in a shooting at a UPS facility in Birmingham, Ala. (Reuters)
The people killed during a shooting at a UPS facility in Alabama on Tuesday were identified Wednesday as two longtime employees, both of whom were shot by a colleague who had recently been fired.
Brian Callams, 46, of Birmingham, Ala., was a business manager who had worked for the company for 26 years, according to UPS. Doug Hutcheson, 33, of Odenville, Ala., was a driver supervisor who started working for UPS 15 years ago.
Brian Callans, right, poses for a photo with his fiancée Erica Carmichael, and their dog Bob. (Courtesy of Erica Carmichael via AP)
Police had previously identified Kerry Joe Tesney of Trussville, Ala., as the gunman. They said that Tesney, who had recently lost his job, returned to the facility in Birmingham on Tuesday still wearing his UPS uniform. He opened fire, killing both Callams and Hutcheson before taking his own life, police said.
“When these people came into work today, they had no idea this would be their last day on Earth,” A.C. Roper, Birmingham’s police chief, said at a news conference not long after the shooting. “No one was doing anything risky. They were just people working at their job.”
Family members were shocked to hear about Tesney’s involvement. “Anybody but Joe,” his mother-in-law, Wanda Binney, told AL.com . “He never hurt anyone in his life.”
Tesney, 45, had been a driver who spent 21 years working for UPS, according to the company.
An undated photo of Kerry Joe Tesney (Birmingham Police Department via AP)
“UPS sends our condolences to the families of these three individuals,” the company said in a statement Wednesday. “The safety and well-being of our employees is our primary focus. We are providing the families of the victims, along with the employees who work in this facility, with counseling and support.”
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Californias biggest wildfire keeps expanding  even as other wildfires in the state are containedBy Mark Berman September 24 Follow @markberman
A firefighter combats the King fire on Monday. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP)
The ever-growing King wildfire in California, which is larger in area than the entire city of Detroit , has expanded to cover even more ground, destroying additional structures as it continues to burn.
This wildfire, by far the biggest still raging in the state, has burned more than 92,900 acres. It has destroyed a dozen residences along with more than 50 other structures, and another 21,000 structures — more than half of them homes — are still threatened.
As of Wednesday, as more than 7,600 personnel worked to fight the massive fire, it was 38 percent contained, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (also known as Cal Fire).
Authorities continue to warn that the weather could lead to additional fire activity. The National Weather Service had issued a Red Flag warning through Wednesday evening, because of potential strong winds and low humidity. This combination could “create explosive fire growth potential,” the NWS said.
Working against the King fire. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP)
This blaze “remained relatively active” on Tuesday night and into Wednesday because of the low humidity, Cal Fire said.
Police  arrested Wayne Allen Huntsman  last week and charged him with arson in connection with the King fire, though they have not provided any other details regarding the investigation. This blaze began burning on Sept. 13 to the east of Sacramento, and it has largely burned land in the Eldorado National Forest.
There are now four major wildfires in the state, down considerably from the 10 major wildfires burning last week. California has seen a surge in wildfires this year, because of a calamitous drought that has parched much of the state; the drought has left behind dry brush , which allows these fires to get much stronger and larger.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Drill sergeant sexually assaulted female soldiers  court findsBy Dan Lamothe September 24 Follow @danlamothe
Army Staff Sgt. Angel Sanchez, 30, was convicted of sexually assaulting and harassing eight female soldiers. He served last as a drill sergeant at Fort Leonard Wood, Mo. (AP Photo/U.S. Army)
A soldier who had served as a drill sergeant at Fort Leonard Wood, Mo., was convicted Wednesday of numerous counts of sexual assault and other crimes for his mistreatment of women in the Army, authorities said.
Staff Sgt. Angel M. Sanchez, was convicted during a general court-martial of 18 specifications that also included abusive sexual contact, maltreatment and disobeying a general order and Army regulation, Army officials said. He was sentenced to 20 years confinement, reduced in rank to a private, stripped of all pay and allowances and will receive a dishonorable discharge.
Sanchez’s case, covered by The Washington Post in May , received scrutiny because of its singular nature: Sanchez was alleged to have assaulted a dozen women and used his position of power as a drill sergeant to threaten some of his victims at Fort Leonard Wood, Mo., Army officials said.
“I’m sorry I betrayed your trust, all of you,” Sanchez said after being found guilty, according to The St. Louis Post-Dispatch . “I accept responsibility for my actions, I pray that all of you realize that person who went through that stretch is not actually me.”
Sanchez’s victims said the incidents took place in the women’s barracks and an office shared by drill sergeants at Fort Leonard Wood. Other accusations were brought by a female soldier he served with in Afghanistan and a woman at Fort Richardson, Alaska.
Sanchez’s court-martial hearing began Monday, and he pleaded guilty to three charges of disobeying orders by having sexual conduct with three female trainees. His lawyer, Ernesto Gapasin, questioned the credibility of Sanchez’s accusers, but he ultimately was convicted of numerous charges, including four counts of sexual assault and six counts of abusive sexual contact. He was not convicted in the case that originated in Afghanistan.
The situation has led to morale problems in Sanchez’s unit, the 14th Military Police Brigade, soldiers testified. Trainees question the orders they are given, they said, something that is highly uncommon in basic training. The Post-Dispatch also reported that one of the victims testified that her unit had been told not to report any more sexual assaults. If true, that would have occurred during a push at the Pentagon to make rank-and-file service members more willing to bring sexual assault to the attention of superiors.
The number of troops reporting being sexually assaulted has jumped 50 percent in a year, defense officials said in May . Pentagon officials said that showed service members were more willing to report problems after the Defense Department mounted a campaign to stop sexual assaults in the ranks.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Former ambassador picked to lead State Departments Ebola Coordination UnitBy J. Freedom du Lac September 24 Follow @jfdulac
Secretary of State John Kerry has appointed Nancy Powell to be "Ebola Coordinator" for the State Department.
Powell, who resigned as U.S. Ambassador to India in March, will lead the Ebola Coordination Unit, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement.
Nancy Powell. (Sajjad Hussain/AFP/Getty Images file)
In her new role, Psaki said, Powell "will lead the State Department’s outreach to international partners, including foreign governments, to ensure a speedy and truly global response to this crisis."
Last week, saying " the world has a responsibility to act " to help contain the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history, President Obama announced that the United States will devote significant new resources to curbing the spread of the disease in West Africa.
“The reality is, this epidemic is going to get worse before it gets better," Obama said in announcing that the U.S. military will lead the fight against Ebola. "But right now the world still has an opportunity to save countless lives.”
Obama declared the epidemic a national security priority.
"Ambassador Powell, working with leaders from across our government, is leading our efforts to build the coalition required to bring this epidemic under control," Psaki said in the State Department's statement.
Powell previously served as the State Department's senior coordinator for avian influenza.
1 of 66

http://usat.ly/1B9zYKnFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 3:49 p.m. EDT September 26, 2014
Dorothy Shumrt reads the "Los Angeles Register" on the day of its launch,  April 16, 2014,  while waiting for a train at Union Station in Los Angeles. It has ceased publication.
(Photo: Richard Vogel, AP)
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When he was under fire during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is."
Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner seems to have a similarly flexible take on the meaning of '10.'"
When he boldly invaded the turf of the Los Angeles Times to launch a new newspaper in the City of Angels in April, the print-loving Kushner told me he had a "10-year plus" plan for the fledgling Los Angeles Register. This week he shut it down.
Eight months before the L.A. Register's debut, Kushner had triggered another newspaper war, this time in Long Beach, Calif., when he started up the Long Beach Register to take on the city's Press-Telegram. Kushner mothballed that start-up in June.
Rieder: Launching a new paper in LA a bold move
For a print guy, Kushner certainly seems to have embraced the Silicon Valley mantra, "Fail fast, fail often."
Kushner, a former greeting card magnate and Web entrepreneur, got into the newspaper business in July 2012 when his equity group acquired Freedom Communications, parent of the Orange County Register. Kushner promptly electrified the media world by declaring his belief in beleaguered print and going on a massive hiring spree at the Register — at a time when many newspapers, completely disrupted by the digital onslaught, were shrinking their staffs, often sharply.
This year has seen waves of layoffs at the Register, the latest this week.
When I wrote about Kushne r and his wildly contrarian ways in February 2013, I asked, "What does Aaron Kushner know that no one else does?" The answer seems to be, not so much.
Aaron Kushner.
(Photo: Frank Bellin, AP)
And clearly, Kushner's pockets are hardly deep enough to sustain such ambitious aspirations in such challenging times.
When I talked this week to the would-be mogul who once expressed interest in buying Tribune Co.'s papers, he sounded somewhat chastened but hardly ready to give up the fight.
When I asked him what had happened to the long-term thinking he had ballyhooed, he replied, "We're very much about long-term, but we're not shy about moving quickly."
In the heady days of the L.A. launch, Kushner agrees, he clearly was not anticipating a run of less than half a year. But he says there simply hadn't been "enough success" in the early stages to justify staying the course.
"When you make investments, they don't always work out the way you want," Kushner says. "That doesn't mean you shouldn't make the investments."
The decision to bury the L.A. Register, Kushner explains, was simple. While he thought the paper was "fabulous" and would have become "robust" if given the time, he and partner Eric Spitz concluded that the company's long-term future would be better served by focusing on the Orange County Register and another Southern California paper, The Press-Enterprise of Riverside, which they acquired last year .
Rieder: This publisher is spending to grow
Well, OK. But that clearly was the case from the get-go.  If it's an either/or choice, you're better off with established businesses than launching quixotic incursions into other newspapers' turf. Even back in the days when newspapers, hard as it is now to believe, were cash cows, successfully establishing a paper in a city that already had one was virtually impossible.
Aaron Kushner, publisher of the "Orange County Register," in his office in Santa Ana, Calif., on Dec. 27, 2012.
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Looking back, was that well-intentioned doubling of the Register staff simply too much? "Hindsight is always 20/20," Kushner says, "Should we have hired fewer people? Maybe. At the end of the day, you've got to try things. Everybody knows that not everything you try will work well."
And despite the rampant setbacks, Kushner rejects the notion that he has been too bullish on print in the rapidly transforming digital age. Kushner, who says preserving newspapers is a "civic duty," sees a "good, healthy long-term future" for the Register and The Press-Enterprise.
But, he hastily adds, "It's not going to be easy. We're running against the tide. But we're certainly going to keep running."
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

BSE Sensex gains on select buying ahead of F&O expiryMarket Update: Sensex falls 276 pts to 1-mth low, oil, metal stocks bleed
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 17:16 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Markets on Thursday slumped for the third straight day with Sensex losing over 276 points to end at 1-month low on losses in metal, power and banking bluechips due to mass cancellation of coal mines and sharp drop in oil & gas shares on government deferring a hike in gas price.
Besides, caution prevailed on the last day of September derivative contracts that also influenced cash market sentiments. Turnover at BSE and NSE exchanges crossed Rs 7.2 lakh crore in late trades.
The BSE Sensex after a better opening at 26,808.66, advanced to 26,814.20, tracking positive global cues on strong US economic data. However, selling pressure emerged in blue-chip stocks led by oil and metal stocks which forced the index to touch intra-day low of 26,349.55.
The Sensex finally settled at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent. This is its weakest closing since August 26. The 30-share gauge has lost 730 points in 3 days.
As many as 23 stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI , Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, ICICI Bank and ONGC.
However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers. Metal stocks such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Hindalco, Bhushan Steel, Usha Martin, Monnet Ispat remained under pressure due to Supreme Court cancelling mines. Jaypee group stocks Jaiprakash Associates, Jaiprakash Power and Jaypee Infratech fell 13-19 per cent after a deal to sell 3 hydro projects failed.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty plunged 90.55 points, or 1.13 per cent, to close at 7,911.85 after shuttling between 8,019.30 and 7,877.35 intra-day. Oil and gas scrips remained weak as government decided to postpone revision in gas prices till November 15.
In a major blow to corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Wednesday had quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Meanwhile, FPIs sold shares worth a Rs 793.65 crore on Wednesday as per the provisional data.
IT stocks like Infosys and TCS were, however, upbeat after Accenture said it expects better profits this fiscal. Sectorwise, the BSE Realty index suffered the most by plunging 3.21 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas (3.08 per cent), Metal index (3 per cent), Power index (2.8 per cent), Banking index (2.69 per cent) and Capital Goods (1.91 per cent). Small-cap index shed 3.21 per cent and Mid-cap index slumped by 2.4 per cent.

Supreme Court jolts govt  says law to set up National Tax Tribunal unconstitutionalSupreme Court  jolts govt, says law to set up National Tax Tribunal unconstitutional
Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 25 2014, 11:55  IST
Sep 25 2014, 11:55  IST
 

Kerala can get Rs 12 000 crore more in tax: CAGCAG report
(According to the report,…)
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala officials are studying a CAG report that has spotted Rs 12,000 crore lying unrecognised in the electronic records of the state IT system, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said, adding they are finding ways to recover it.
The CAG report, titled Effectiveness of the Kerala Value Added Tax Information System ( KVATIS ) in the Tax Administration of Commercial Taxes Department, was tabled in the state assembly in July, but it went unnoticed until the last week.
According to the report, a tax potential of about Rs 12,000 crore - a tax of Rs 5,000 crore plus a penalty of about Rs 7,000 crore - present in the electronic records of the IT system in the commercial taxes has not been recognised.
The data was obtained during the audit of all transactions of four years from April 2009 to May 2013 of the commercial taxes department.
"Yes, this has come to our notice and our officials are studying this issue from various angles. Once we get the reports, the next course of action will be to see how best and how fast we can recover this," said Chandy Wednesday.
The findings of the report come at a time when the state is witnessing one of its worst financial crisis, forcing officials to seriously look into the report.
These findings are based on documents submitted by the dealers in the system and hence the question of any harassment of the dealers does not arise, says the report.
Among the flaws pointed out by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), the report said there were multiple registrations by the same dealer which helped the dealer to keep transactions below the Rs 1,000,000 limit, thereby escaping from the value added tax (VAT).
Also, the report found out that 3,979 dealers did interstate transactions worth Rs 2,029 crore for two years but were excluded from the VAT system.
The audit found out that of the 76 check posts in the state only 36 were IT enabled and as a result many dealers were able to bring in large quantity of goods into the state under the 'for own use' category.
CAG suggested these flaws can be rectified if the software and the hardware capacity of the commercial taxes are upgraded at a cost of Rs 29.75 crore.
Chandy has said that the cost of upgrading is not an issue because the returns will be enormous.
Chandy said he has a plan of action and is now waiting for his officials to give a complete report based on the CAG findings.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Committed to provide easy and effective governance: ModiCheered by some of India’s top billionaires, Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled a campaign on Thursday to turn India into a manufacturing powerhouse, vowing to remove bureaucratic sloth and make the country more investor friendly.
 
The "Make in India" campaign is as much an invitation to domestic and foreign companies as a promise to rectify everything that has kept the country at almost the bottom of World Bank’s ‘ease of doing business’ index.
 
“(The) mantra of our government is that we want to trust each and every Indian. The atmosphere of trust can change a lot of things,” Modi said at the launch of his government’s flagship programme that came with a new web portal www.makeinindia.com emblazoned with logo of a prowling lion.
Watch: Modi launches 'Make in India' scheme
“We don’t want any industrialist being forced to leave India. (I) can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months.”
 
The government wants to boost the share of manufacturing in country’s gross domestic product to 25% from about 15% now, roughly the same share of the economy as peers like Brazil and Russia but less than China’s 32%.
 
Read: All about Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign
From energy shortages and land problems to ambiguous tax laws and byzantine labour rules, a barrage of hurdles have kept away large-scale private investments in what should otherwise count as a massive, attractive market, analysts said. Lack of cooperation between the federal and state governments also turns off investors.
 
“The real challenge lies in getting execution of projects right at the state level,” said Sunil Sinha, director India ratings at Fitch – a global rating agency.  “States will have to come around to reform laws, even at the level of local bodies, and proactively facilitate implementation of plans and policies drawn up by the Centre.”
 
Populous, and strategic, neighbour China’s manufacturing capabilities have long overshadowed India and the government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to the Asian giant as costs and risks there rise.
 
For 64-year-old Modi, however, at stake is a key election promise to lift the lowest living standards among emerging markets by creating jobs for about 100 million young Indians who will enter the workforce over the next decade or so.
Modi leaves for US, hopes visit will boost ties
 
During 2005-12, India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
 
"We don't need to invite the world to India, they are ready to come,” Modi told an audience of some of the country’s wealthiest tycoons, including Reliance Industries head Mukesh Ambani, India's richest man, Tata Group chairman Cyrus Mistry and Wipro chairman Azim Premji.
 
It was a first-of-its kind assembly of top corporate leaders, who are pinning hopes on Modi and his government to steer the economy out of a prolonged slump.
 
Speaking before Modi, Ambani said the prime minister’s interactions “in Japan and anticipation of the visit to the USA (have) created a very positive environment,” adding that his company will hire 125,000 more people in the next 12-15 months.
 
AV Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla said with the launch of the “Make in India” campaign India had embarked on a “landmark mission that coincides with the triumph in outer space.”
PM Narendra Modi unveils the "Make In India" logo pic.twitter.com/ldoQnEBpUw
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 25, 2014
                  
Modi, whose party opposes foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail, articulated the contentious issue by saying that FDI also meant “first develop India” as much as it meant an opportunity for multinational companies to grow in India.
 
The government has identified 25 sectors, including automobile, aviation and construction that have potential to attract investment.
 
All ministries and state governments have been advised to introduce self-certification, while the home ministry will provide security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
 
The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December, while plans to initiate the other labour laws have already been initiated.
Read: Modi’s US visit could boost regional Asian ties
 
Asia's third-largest economy is showing signs of clawing out of its longest slump in a quarter century, and Modi’s landslide election victory has raised hopes that he will be able to engineer a quick turnaround.
Highlights of the mega launch event
Live Blog Make in India campaign launch
 
Watch: 'Make In India' to bring govt and industry closer: India Inc
 

I see US as a vital partner for India s development  says PM ModiOct 01, 2014 at  04:12pm IST
I see US as a vital partner for India's development, says PM Modi
41
0
New Delhi: Ahead of his departure to the US, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that he is 'confident of starting a new chapter in our strategic partnership'. He also added that the US is a vital partner for India's development.
In a statement issued ahead of his visit, Modi said, "I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation - and, above all, a shared commitment to human values. I am confident that the visit will mark the start of a new chapter in our strategic partnership."
Modi's packed schedule includes meetings with US President Barack Obama, the US administration, other heads of states, leading industrialists and the Indian diaspora. He will also conduct bilateral meetings with the leaders of Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal.
The Prime Minister will make his first address to the UN General Assembly as well as address prominent Indian-Americans at the famous Madison Square Gardens.
Following is the full text of Modi's statement:
I am visiting the United States from 26 to 30 September 2014. I will attend the United Nations General Assembly in New York and, thereafter, visit Washington DC on 29-30 September 2014 for a bilateral summit with U.S. President Barack Obama.
Since its participation as a founding member of the United Nations in 1945, India has shown unwavering commitment to multilateral processes to advance peace and security and promote broad-based inclusive economic development in the world. India's contribution to UN peacekeeping operations over decades is a strong testimony of our efforts to contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the UN charter.
The 69th session of the UN General Assembly is meeting at a moment of many pressing challenges for the international community - a still fragile global economy, turbulence and tension in many parts of the world, growth and spread of terrorism, the Ebola health crisis in Africa, climate change and the endemic global challenge of poverty.
I will call for a stronger global commitment and more concerted multilateral action in meeting these challenges. I will urge early adoption of the Post-2015 Development Agenda with focus on growth, development and elimination of poverty. As we head towards the 70th Session of the UNGA in 2015, I will also stress the urgency of early reforms in the United Nations, to ensure that it remains relevant and effective in dealing with the challenges of the 21st Century.
I will also meet the United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon and leaders from other countries on the margins of the UNGA.
The New York leg of my visit will also cover important elements of our bilateral relations with the United States. I look forward to meeting business leaders to invite them to participate more actively in India's economic growth and transformation. This is message that I will also convey to the U.S. business community in Washington DC. My participation in a public event in Central Park in New York that on poverty is to focus international attention on this great challenge for humanity and affirm my support for global civic action, especially involving the youth, to address it.
I keenly await the opportunity to meet the Indian American Community at the Madison Square Garden in New York. Their success in diverse fields, their contribution to the United States, their abiding bonds with India and their role as a vibrant bridge between the two largest democracies is a source of pride for us. They serve as a window to our heritage, progress and potential.
I look forward to meeting President Obama over two days in Washington DC. This will be my first meeting with him. His life's journey is a remarkable testimony to the rights and opportunities that democracies provide, and an inspiration for people around the world.
Shared values, convergent interests and complementary strengths provide the foundation for natural partnership between the world's oldest and largest democracies.
I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation - and, above all, a shared commitment to human values. Working together, and with others, we can bridge the many divisions of our times and contribute to building a more peaceful, stable, secure, sustainable and prosperous world.
I will discuss with President Obama how we can use the strength of all that we share and all that we have built so far to take our relationship to a new level in the interest of our two countries and the cause of this world. I am confident that the visit will mark the start of a new chapter in our strategic partnership.

Govt transfers 40 top officials in jumbo reshuffleIn what is said to be the the biggest bureaucratic reshuffle since Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power, the government on Wednesday issued orders transferring more than 40 senior bureaucrats.
The changes included mostly joint-secretary level positions as well as eight secretary-level appointments.
The secretary-level appointments included Aradhana Johri in the department of disinvestment, Satyanarayan Mohanty in the department of higher education, Surjit Kumar Chaudhary in the department of chemicals, Kapil Dev Tripathi in heavy industries, Kusumjit Sidhu in the department of justice, Rajiv Takru in the National Commission for Minorities, R Vijaykumar in the department Northeast Development and  VK Subhuram in the department of pharmaceuticals.
A handful of officers already serving in the central government were also moved around for a mix of reasons.
“In some cases, the transfers seem to have been made to better to utilise an officer’s skills... but there was some discomfort in a few cases,” an official familiar with the appointment process for the 40-odd bureaucrats said.
The official added that the appointments were in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s assurance not to transfer civil servants because they had the trust of the previous government.
Six officers – who served in the personal staff of UPA ministers and had been waiting for a posting – have been given key assignments at the crucial joint secretary-level.
Three of them – Dilip Kumar, Gopal Krishna Dwivedi and Hitesh Kumar S Makwana – have been appointed to the Home Ministry. In the same league, Uday Singh Kumawat has been appointed to the Department of Revenue while AK Singh will move to the power ministry.
One of the key officers to be shunted out is IS Chahal, the joint secretary incharge of Union Territories at the home ministry. Chahal – who joined the ministry as former home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde’s officer on special duty – has been posted to the women and child development.
Two petroleum ministry officials have also been given new postings.
Interestingly, Rajiv Takru, a Gujarat cadre IAS of 1979 batch and was very powerful during the UPA regime, has again been shunted out from department of North East to insignificant post as secretary, national minority commission.
After taking over as the PM, Modi had shunted out Takru from powerful revenue department to North East. Takru never got along with Modi in Gujarat also and is known for proximity to so e Congress leaders, who had got him posted first as secretary financial services and then moved to revenue in the ministry of finance.
For the first time, more than 40 joint secretaries across the ministries and departments have been appointed by the present government, which came to power in last May.
Ahmedabad Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra, 1986 batch IAS of Gujarat cadre, has been appointed as joint secretary commerce while Hitendrakumar Makwana, a Tamil Nadu cadre Gujarati IAS has been appointed as joint secretary in the ministry of home.

Expiry possible around 8030  buy ITC  ONGC: Amit HarchekarWatch the interview of Amit Harchekar, Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics with Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Amit Harchekar's interview with CNBC-TV18.
If one looks into the cement sector, like infrastructure and capital goods, it has already given a breakdown from the multi-month support zone and that transforms into a downside of at least 20 percent in the near term. So I won’t be buying stocks like Larsen and Toubro  (L&T) or cements stock even on the declines.
India Cements  was outperforming since the last couple of weeks and since then it has already breached the crucial support of Rs 160, we should see a downside target somewhere around Rs 92 to Rs 93.
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation  (ONGC) has managed to bounce back from the weekly support line of head and shoulder top pattern and that turns out to be a strong support zone from where you can easily expect a retracement of at least 38 to 40 percent. This transforms into a price target somewhere around Rs 425 to 430 in the near term.
So from the trading perspective, I am not expecting the stock to break the zone of Rs 390. Keeping that as a stoploss we can easily expect levels of Rs 427. Apart from that there are also positive divergences which are seen on the relative strength index (RSI) which clearly tells that the stock has already tested extremely over sold conditions.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty below 7950  Sensex slips 1%; TCS  Dr Reddy s rallySep 25, 2014, 03.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
TCS, GAIL, Dr Reedy's Labs, Infosys and Cipla are top gainers while Axis Bank, Hindalco, SBI, BHEL and Reliance are major losers.
03:20 pm Market check
The market has recovered a bit.  The Sensex is down 256.82 points or 0.9 percent at 26487.87 and the Nifty is down 84.75 points or 1 percent at 7917.65. About 613 shares have advanced, 2334 shares declined, and 84 shares are unchanged.
3:05 pm Nifty has breached 7900 for the first time in one month. The Nifty is down 122.00 points or 1.5 percent at 7880.40 just ahead of the August F&O series and the Sensex is down 389.42 points or 1.46  at 26355.27. About 593 shares have advanced, 2312 shares declined, and 80 shares are unchanged. 
03:00pm Market Check
The market turnover today crossed the Rs 7 lakh crore mark for the first time ever.
The Sensex fell 282.34 points or 1.06 percent to 26462.35, and the Nifty shed 85.20 points or 1.06 percent to 7917.20. About 622 shares have advanced, 2268 shares declined, and 86 shares are unchanged.
02:50pm Hindalco's clarification on coal verdict
After the Supreme Court cancelled 214 of 218 coal block allocations done from the period of 1993 to 2010, Hindalco Industries said the company had been allocated four coal blocks namely Mahan coal block jointly with Essar Power, Tubed coal block jointly with Tata Power, Talabira II & III coal blocks jointly with Mahanadi Coal Fields and Nayveli Lignite Corporation, and Talabira I coal block.
According to the company, Mahan, Tubed and Talabira II & III coal blocks are not yet in operation while Talabira I coal block feeds coal to the power plant which supplies power to Company's Hirakud Smelter.
02:40pm Interview
The Supreme Court ruling which proposed de-allocation of coal blocks has made the banking sector nervous, raising fears that this will add to their bad debt problem.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, CVR Rajendran, CMD, Andhra Bank, says the bank has exposure worth Rs 4,346 crore to 14 companies impacted by the SC ruling.
He says the bank can look for restructuring of assets, if required. So far the court has given a 6-month breather. In case the government comes out with a coal allocation policy within that stipulated time, and if the coal blocks get re-allocated to these companies, then the move may not have a major impact on the bank’s balance sheet, says Rajendran.
02:30pm FII view on gas price and coal issue
While the Supreme Court’s verdict on coal block removes uncertainty, the negative aspect of the verdict is that coal block allocation will go back by 20 years , says Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, he says that India is hurting from the data put out by the CAG which make no sense.
According to Sanger, India’s power sector continues to be plagued by immense uncertainties and that the power sector is grappling with issues of coal linkage and broke discoms. He feels that the government’s decision to defer gas price hike is a bigger negative than coal block de-allocation ruling.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks are headed towards week closing for the third consecutive session today. The Sensex fell 197.44 points to 26547.25 and the Nifty dropped 58.40 points to 7944 on expiry day.
The broader markets too declined further with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices losing 1.6 percent and 2.3 percent, respectively. About 678 shares have advanced while 2135 shares declined on the BSE.
Taher Badshah, Sr. VP & Fund Manager, Motilal Oswal AMC advises investing in stocks that have seen steep corrections. Furthermore, he sees opportunities in PSU banking stocks that have recently corrected.
Shares of Reliance Industries, ICICI Bank, ONGC, State Bank of India, Axis Bank, Hindalco Industries, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite and BHEL plummeted 3-6 percent.
However, FMCG, technology and pharma stocks (so called defensives) outperformed. TCS topped the buying list, up 2.6 percent followed by Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs with 2 percent gains. Infosys, L&T, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto and Maruti gained 0.3-1 percent.
13:00

Supreme Court declares Centre s move to set up National Tax Tribunal as unconstitutionalSep 25, 2014 at 02:09pm IST
Supreme Court declares Centre's move to set up National Tax Tribunal as unconstitutional
22
2
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Thursday declared as unconstitutional the National Tax Tribunal Act under which a tribunal was set up to decide tax-related cases by taking away jurisdiction of high courts in such matters.
A five-judge constitution bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha said that the Act passed by Parliament in 2005 is "unconstitutional" as the National Tax Tribunal (NTT) encroaches upon the power of higher judiciary, which can only decide issues involving substantial laws and not a tribunal.
The apex court passed the order on a batch of petitions challenging the constitutional validity of NTT contending that there was a grave danger that judiciary will be substituted by a host of quasi-judicial tribunals which function as departments of various ministries.
The NDA government had justified the creation of NTT, saying that the idea of creating tribunals was to unclog the backlog of cases in the high courts.
#national tax tribunal #supreme court #upa #nda
The apex court passed the order on a batch of petitions challenging the constitutional validity of NTT contending that there was a grave danger that judiciary will be substituted by a host of quasi-judicial tribunals which function as departments of various ministries.
The first petition on the issue was filed in 2006 when the Madras Bar Association had challenged the setting up of NTT and later many other lawyers bodies followed suit.
The NDA government had justified the creation of NTT, saying that the idea of creating tribunals was to unclog the backlog of cases in the high courts.
19

Mukesh Ambani tops list of 100 richest Indian tycoonsMukesh Ambani tops the Forbes list of 100 richest Indian tycoons for eighth consecutive time
PTI     Singapore   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 16:40 IST
RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani
For the first time, the 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires with Mukesh Ambani topping the league for the eighth consecutive year, according to Forbes.
With a net worth of $23.6 billion, up $2.6 billion from last year, RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.
Ambani was followed by Dilip Shanghvi, who got richer this year by $4.1 billion. Shanghvi is the new No.2, after he displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal ($15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place.
Wipro's Azim Premji moved up one notch to the number three position as his net wealth increased to $16.4 billion from $13.8 billion previously. Pallonji Mistry, patriarch of construction giant Shapoorji Pallonji Group which is the biggest shareholder in Tata Sons with a new worth of $15.9 billion, was placed in the fourth place.
Forbes said that "good days are here" for the India's 100 Richest, as the top 100 richest Indians are all billionaires with combined wealth of $346 billion, up more than a third from $259 billion in 2013.
Propelled by the euphoria after the Bharatiya Janata Party's landslide victory in May, the stock market has gained 28 per cent since January, driving the net-worth of the uber-rich people in India.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani , who jumped 11 spots to 11th rank in the list, adding nearly $4.5 billion to his wealth which reached $7.1 billion on soaring share prices.
"Shares of Adani's companies started soaring ahead of the elections on hopes of a BJP victory. The gains added close to $4.5 billion to his wealth, more than anyone else," Forbes said.
Others in the top 10 include NRI businessmen Hinduja Brothers who were at the sixth position with a net worth of $ 13.3 billion, followed by Shiv Nadar (7th, $12.5 billion), Godrej family (8th, $11.6 billion), Kumar Birla (9th, $9.2 billion) and Sunil Mittal & family (10th, $7.8 billion).
As many as 85 of the 89 who returned to the top 100 from last year are wealthier, and several are billionaires for the first time.
Among them are Qimat Rai Gupta (ranked 48, net worth $1.95 billion), Chairman of Havells; V G Siddhartha (75, $1.27 billion), founder of the Cafe Coffee Day chain; and brothers Harsh Goenka (82, $1.18 billion) and Sanjiv Goenka (69, $1.4 billion), who run their independent empires and are listed separately.
On Adani who was placed 11th on the list, Forbes said that he snatched the biggest bonanza from the stock market rally.
"Snatching the biggest bonanza is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who hails from Modi's native Gujarat state and is known to be the PM's personal friend," Forbes said.
The rising market also restored some to the billionaire ranks, including property baron Vikas Oberoi (84, $1.2 billion) and pharma entrepreneur Habil Khorakiwala (76, $1.3 billion), Forbes said.
Others in top 20 include Savitri Jindal & family at 12th place with a net worth of $6.4 billion; Anil Ambani (13, $6.3 billion); Cyrus Poonawalla (14, $6.2 billion); Uday Kotak (15, $6.1 billion); Shashi & Ravi Ruia (16, $5.9 billion); Micky Jagtiani (17, $5.1 billion); Anand Burman (18, $4.9 billion); Desh Bandhu Gupta (19, $4.8 billion) and Bajaj Family (20, $4.1 billion).
"Pharma is on a roll: More than a fifth of the 100 have pharma and health care riches," Forbes said.
The pharma billionaires include Hasmukh Chudgar, whose Intas Pharmaceuticals was recently valued by Temasek at $1.4 billion and is ranked 80 on the list with a net worth of $1.2 billion.
Moreover, entrepreneur P V Ramprasad Reddy, ranked 54th on the list with a net wealth of $1.8 billion, is one of three returnees to the list, who came back after four years on a threefold jump in shares of his Aurobindo Pharma.
The biggest loser this year is Indus Gas founder Ajay Kalsi, who lost $1 billion after the government deferred a decision on increasing nation's natural gas prices. Kalsi was ranked 85th on the list with a net worth of $1.2 billion.
The minimum amount required to make the list was $1 billion, up from $635 million in 2013.
With a record $1 billion as the minimum net worth this year, as many as 11 people could not make it to this year's list including Brij Bhushan Singal, whose Bhushan Steel's shares tanked after son Neeraj was arrested in a corruption scandal, Forbes said.
The flamboyant Vijay Mallya, who was tagged by his bankers as a "willful defaulter" also dropped off from the list, it added.
The list was compiled using shareholding and financial information obtained from the families and individuals, stock exchanges, analysts and India's regulatory agencies.
The ranking listed family fortunes, including those shares among extended families such as the Godrej and Bajaj families.
Public fortunes were calculated based on stock prices and exchange rates as of September 12. Private companies were valued based on similar companies that are publicly traded.

BJP and Shiv Sena likely to break 25-year-old alliance in Maharashtra after failure oftalksA formal announcement in the split of the alliance between the two parties is likely to be announced shortly.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:40 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:10 pm
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and its oldest ally Shiv Sena are likely to part ways ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections.
A formal announcement on the split of the 25-year-old alliance between the two parties is likely to be announced shortly, top BJP sources said.
The state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis on Thurday said Shiv Sena is placing the same old proposal making it difficult to move ahead. In counter attack, senior Sena leader Diwakar Raote said, BJP has betrayed their trust. They appear in hurry to break the alliance,  if they want to take suo moto decision we can’t help, Raote said.
Under the leadership of Uddhav ji, we will build the Maharashtra of Balasaheb’s dreams- progressive, safe, prosperous! #UThaMaharashtra
— Aaditya Thackeray (@AUThackeray) September 25, 2014
The Sena is unwilling to climb down from 150 seats.
We have vowed to work for a better Maharashtra and to fight and win against all those who destroyed Maharashtra and dashed the hopes of all
— Aaditya Thackeray (@AUThackeray) September 25, 2014
BJP and Shiv Sena leaders, however, claimed that talks are still on and the alliance is not over yet.
One of the proposals, according to reports, was that Shiv Sena and BJP will contest 151 and 127 seats respectively leaving 10 of the state’s 288 Assembly seats for smaller allies. Additionally, it was said that three candidates of smaller partners of 6-party ‘Mahayuti’ will contest on Sena tickets and, similarly, BJP would accommodate one nominee in its quota of seats.
(With PTI inputs)

Narendra Modi gives a clarion call to investors with Make in India campaign  calls it a lions stepPrime Minister Narendra Modi at Vigyan Bhavan during the Make in India campaign launch.
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 26, 2014 12:24 am | Updated: September 26, 2014 5:13 pm
Hours before leaving for the United States, Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his latest marketing push to hardsell India as a cost-competitive global manufacturing hub on Thursday, in the presence of hundreds of global and Indian business leaders, diplomats, ministers and others.
Following up on his Independence Day speech, when he had made an appeal to global manufacturers to “Make in India”, Modi, who spoke after nine heads of domestic and global companies endorsed India’s credentials as a manufacturing destination, buttressed the need to make India an easier place to do business in.
In his speech, Modi mentioned a recent meeting he had with the visiting World Bank chief to discuss India’s current ranking of 134 on the Bank’s annual “ease of doing business” list, and asserted that he would aim for a much higher ranking.  He said he hoped to see India climb to the top 50. He said the government could achieve this if it worked steadfastly towards this goal.
The two-hour long event was broadcast live across India and to diplomatic missions abroad, where local industry leaders were invited to witness the launch of Modi’s “Make in India” campaign here.
Among the corporate heads who were roped in to show support were Tata Sons Chairman Cyrus Mistry, RIL CMD Mukesh Ambani, Aditya Birla Group Chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla, Wipro Chairman Azim Premji, ITC Chairman Y C Deveshwar, Maruti Suzuki India Managing Director Kenichi Ayukawa, and Lockheed Martin Space Systems Co CEO Phil Shaw. A new website went live after Modi formally inaugurated the campaign, along with a new symbol — a lion made of cogwheels.
Besides improving the ease of doing business, the key focus of the campaign was on public-private-partnerships and harnessing the potential of “Democracy, Demography and Demand”.
Terming the development of India as a “collective responsibility”, Modi said, “We must stress on two FDIs — First Develop India and Foreign Direct Investment… For Indians, FDI is a responsibility, it means to First Develop India. For global investors, FDI is an opportunity in the form of Foreign Direct Investment.”
Modi said 21 industrial clusters, cutting across sectors, have been earmarked to be offered to investors. While acknowledging that removing some of the constraints could take time, Modi said: “Here is a government that is dedicated to development…it is an article of faith.”
Focusing on the manufacturing sector’s possible impact on job creation, Modi said, “We need to enhance the purchasing power of Indians. We need to create jobs to move poor to the middle class bracket… Treat India as not just a market. See every Indian as an opportunity to increase their purchasing power.”
The Prime Minister said the government is taking necessary steps to skill the manpower as per industry requirements for development and growth-oriented employment. Targeting 3,000-odd manufacturing companies across the globe, the Centre has already firmed up a panel of experts and nodal continued…

Narendra Modi hopes visit to US will mark a new chapter intiesPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:23 pm
Embarking on a high-profile visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday described the US as India’s “vital partner” and said that he was confident that his trip will bridge “many divisions” and mark a “new chapter” in the strategic ties.
In a pre-deparature statement, Modi said he will discuss with President Barack Obama how the ties can be taken to a “new level” in the interest of the two countries as well as of the world.
Showering praise on Obama, Modi described his life’s journey as “a remarkable testimony” to the rights and opportunities that democracies provide, and an “inspiration” for people around the world.
“I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation – and, above all, a shared commitment to human values,” the Prime Minister said.
In his address at the 69th session of the UN General Assembly on Saturday, Modi said he will call for a stronger global commitment and more concerted multilateral action in addressing challenges of fragile global economy, turbulence and tension in many parts of the world, growth and spread of terrorism, the Ebola health crisis in Africa, climate change and eradication of poverty.
The Prime Minister said he will call for early adoption of the Post-2015 Development Agenda with a focus on growth, development and elimination of poverty.
“I will also stress the urgency of early reforms in the United Nations, to ensure that it remains relevant and effective in dealing with the challenges of the 21st Century,” he said.
Noting that India has been showing unwavering commitment to multilateral processes to advance peace and security and promote inclusive economic growth, he said India’s contribution to UN peacekeeping operations over decades was a strong testimony of its efforts in helping the world body realise its objectives.
Modi will have a stopover in Frankfurt tonight and will reach New York tomorrow.
Talking about ties with the US, the Prime Minister exuded confidence that his visit will further boost cooperation while noting that the shared values, convergent interests and complementary strengths provide the foundation for natural partnership between the “world’s oldest and largest democracies”.
“I will discuss with President Obama how we can use the strength of all that we share and all that we have built so far to take our relationship to a new level in the interest of our two countries and the cause of this world. I am confident that the visit will mark the start of a new chapter in our strategic partnership,” he said.
Modi would be meeting as many as 11 top corporate honchos over breakfast on September 29 apart from one-on-one meetings with six more business captains the same day in New York. He will continued…

Fire at SAILs IISCO plant in West Bengal; 21 injured  2 inICUPrint
Press Trust of India | Burnpur | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:21 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 4:51 pm
Altogether 24 people were injured, four seriously, in a fire at SAIL’s IISCO steel plant here on Thursday, police said.
All the 24 people were admitted to the hospital, the police said.
“We are investigating the reason behind the fire. Out of these 24 people, three are CISF employees. The company officials are also looking into the reason behind the fire,” Abhijit Chatterjee, officer-in-charge of Hirapur police station, under which IISCO falls, informed.
Burdwan District Magistrate Soumitro Mohan said 20-23 suffered burns and four of them were in serious condition in the hospital.
Efforts are on to transfer the seriously injured to a private hospital in Durgapur and the SDO, Asansol, has been sent to Burnpur, he added.
State-owned SAIL had said earlier in the day that 21 people were injured in the blaze and two of them were in the hospital ICU.
“An incident of fire occurred at SAIL’s IISCO Steel Plant (ISP) at 12.15 PM today… Around 21 affected persons have been provided immediate medical attention, both at the plant medical unit and at Burnpur hospital. Out of these, two persons belonging to contractor BEC have been admitted to ICU,” SAIL said in a statement.
Preliminary inquiry revealed that it happened in New Coke Oven Battery number 11, it said adding the fire was immediately extinguished.
The incident occurred during a planned shutdown for carrying out rectification jobs in one of the pre-heaters of the coke oven battery, the statement added.
The incident occurred during a planned shutdown taken for carrying out rectification jobs in one of the pre-heaters of the coke oven battery.

Cleric held for garba remark assaulted outside court  refuses to apply for bailHasan was sent to jail in judicial custody till October 2 after he refused to apply for bail. (Source: IE photo)
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:36 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:05 am
A day after he was arrested, the Muslim cleric from Gujarat, who offered Narendra Modi a skull cap three years ago, was Wednesday sent to judicial custody till October 2. Sufi Imam Mehdi Hasan, who was arrested for his remarks on Navratri festival, was assaulted by a youth outside Thasra court in Kheda district, where he was produced by the local police.
Hasan was sent to judicial custody after he refused to apply for bail and told the court, “Khuda mera insaf karega (The Almighty will do justice to me).” The cleric was arrested Tuesday for allegedly describing garba as entertainment for the doers of “demonic deeds”.
He came into the spotlight in September 2011 when he offered Narendra Modi, the then chief minister, a skull cap, while greeting him on the Sadbhavana fast. Modi had refused to wear the cap.
Eyewitnesses said that when Hasan was brought in a police van, the court premises bristled with agitated people. The moment Hasan got out of the van, a person, later identified as Rakesh R Patel, slapped him, pushing the cleric to the ground. The police escorting Hasan soon got hold of the attacker. In no time, the video grabs of the incident went viral.
“The man leapt towards Hasan and beat him up. We immediately took preventive measures,” said Kheda District SP Sachin Badshah.
After the incident, the cleric was produced before Judge P V Bhatt, who sent him to 14-day judicial custody. He refused to hire any lawyer to defend himself. In the meantime, Thasra police arrested Rakesh Patel, a resident of Nadiad, and lodged an FIR.

Fire at SAIL s IISCO plant; 21 injured  2 in...Fire at SAIL's IISCO plant in West Bengal; 21 injured, 2 in ICU
Rakhi Mazumdar, ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 03.14PM IST
Tags:
coke oven
(The incident occurred during…)
KOLKATA: Twenty one persons were injured in a fire that occurred at SAIL's IISCO Steel Plant (ISP) on Thursday. According to a preliminary enquiry, the incident which took place at 12.15 pm, started at the New Coke Oven Battery No. 11 inside the plant, Steel Authority of India said in a statement.
The incident occurred during a planned shutdown taken for carrying out rectification jobs in one of the pre-heaters of the coke oven battery. The 21 affected persons have been provided immediate medical attention, both at the Plant Medical Unit and at Burnpur hospital. Out of these, 2 persons belonging to contractor, M/s BEC have been admitted to ICU.
The incident comes at a time when IISCo has started the countdown to commence production from its new Rs 17,000 crore integrated steel plant next month. As part of the process, the new plant's First Basic Oxygen Furnace (BOF) was lit up on September 14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bull run may end if Nifty does not sustain 8 000You are here: Home > Collections > Expiry
Expect volatile October series; Bank Nifty Index may crack
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 01.15PM IST
Tags:
("Open interest concentration…)
By Mohammed Sabir
MUMBAI: The October series is expected to be volatile due to less trading sessions, says Chandan Taparia, Derivatives Analyst , Anand Rathi . In an email response to economictimes.com, he said the short rollovers in banks future is a cause of concern for the Bank Nifty.
Q: We have seen seven consecutive positive series. Will this series be the eighth one?
We have seen seven consecutive positive series from Feb 14 to August and as per the option data, we are expecting the September series to expire at higher levels as well. August expiry close was 7,954 and we are expecting it to close above those levels.
Q: What are the key levels you are observing for the expiry day trade?
Open interest concentration are indicating immediate hurdle at 8,050. Next major hurdle is seen in the 8,100-8,120 zone. It is likely to hold 7,980-7,950 levels.
Q: What is the view for October series as per recent data?
October is a month with less trading sessions. So the movement would be volatile with more of gap up - gap downs. The index is making a Doji candle on Monthly chart. After the run up of the last seven months, if it doesn't settle above 8,000 and sustains below 7,950 levels, then this positive rally may end. We may see lower levels of 7,840 & 7,700.
(Doji candle means opening and closing at almost same levels after a rage-bound move of the entire month. This is a sign of indecision between bulls and bear, and if this candle occurs at the top of rallym then the immediate trend may end).
Q: How is the rollover data?
Nifty future has seen rollover of 61.72 per cent for current (September) series compared to 56.01 per cent in August series (one day before the expiry). Total rollover of August series was 73.41 per cent.
In this series, we are expecting total rollover to be around 70 per cent. Rollover is almost in line with the last six-month average in terms of percentage as well as in terms of the number of contacts.
Q: Your view on sector-wise rollovers?
Infrastructure, pharma, capital goods, cement, oil & gas, media, technology, textile, fmcg and finance sector are leading sector-wise rollover. Lower rolls are seen in telecom, power, realty, banking and metals sector stocks.
Bank Nifty futures have been forming a tower top formation. Sustained supply has been seen between 16,250 and 16,350 zones. It has support at 15,555 zones. The immediate hurdle is at 16,000 and then at 16,100 levels.
VWAP of the Bank Nifty index is at 16,100 levels. Short rolls are seen and that is the cause of concern for the Bank Nifty index.
Q: Any trading idea to play the expiry day with limited risk?
Hind Unilever: At a new life-time high, up by 3 per cent in this series, built up of long with aggressive short covering. Trade in 760 strikes to play the momentum with limited risk.
Coal India: It took support at falling trend line on daily chart. Now Rs 335 would act as a strong support, upside move led by short covering may be seen in the stock. Trade with Rs 350 strike call if holds Rs 350 levels.
Cipla: The stock is the top Nifty 50 gainer of the month. One can trade in Rs 600 strike call for upswing.
Aditya Birla Nuvo: The stock is among the top F&O gainers of the month. Even after the market pressure it is holding the gains. Once above Rs 1,740, traders can go for a fresh long position.
Wipro: The stock is near to all major hurdles and is set for a fresh breakout. We have a negative bias on all infrastructure and real estate stocks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jaypee Gr to invest Rs 600 cr  to open 4 hosps by 2016-endSep 25, 2014, 03.39 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Jaypee Gr to invest Rs 600 cr, to open 4 hosps by 2016-end
"We plan to open four multi-speciality hospitals as part of our expansion plans in North India by end of 2016. We will be investing Rs 600 crore on these hospitals excluding the land cost," Jaypee Healthcare Director Rekha Dixit said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jaypee Gr to invest Rs 600 cr, to open 4 hosps by 2016-end
"We plan to open four multi-speciality hospitals as part of our expansion plans in North India by end of 2016. We will be investing Rs 600 crore on these hospitals excluding the land cost," Jaypee Healthcare Director Rekha Dixit said.
Post your opinion here
 
Infrastructure conglomerate Jaypee Group plans to open four multi-speciality hospitals and add 1,200 beds at an investment of Rs 600 crore in the next two years as part of its expansion in the healthcare sector.
"We plan to open four multi-speciality hospitals as part of our expansion plans in North India by end of 2016. We will be investing Rs 600 crore on these hospitals excluding the land cost," Jaypee Healthcare Director Rekha Dixit told PTI.
The group has a 525-bed tertiary care multi-speciality facility at present in Noida which would be scaled up in future, she added. "All the new hospitals will be multi-speciality. They will be in Sahibabad, Anoopshahr, Bulandshahr and Agra," Dixit said.
The hospital in Agra will have around 500 beds, Anoopshahr will have 200 beds while Sahibabad and Bulandshahr will have 250 beds each, she added.
When asked how the company plans to fund the expansion, Dixit said: "It will be a mix of equity and debt with majority of it coming from equity."
While all the hospitals will be multi-specialities the healthcare provider has identified segments such as cardiology, oncology, solid organ transplant, orthopaedics, trauma, IVF and mother-child, and critical care as areas of focus. "The company has already invested around Rs 700 crore for the flagship hospital in Noida excluding the land cost. We plan to take the bed strength from 525 at present to 1,200 in next three years," Jaypee Healthcare CEO Vikram Singh said.
"All the hospitals of the company that are being developed are greenfield projects and are part of the Founder Chairman's vision to provide quality and affordable healthcare," Dixit said.
Jaypee Group has presence in engineering & construction, cement, power, real estate, expressways, fertiliser, hospitality, healthcare, sports, information technology and education.
RELATED NEWS

Smugglers cash in on iPhone 6 in ChinaChinese smugglers make big bucks on iPhone 6
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 24, 2014: 6:11 AM ET
 
How much does your iPhone really cost?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Apple fans in mainland China are being made to wait for the iPhone 6 and smugglers are cashing in, marking up Hong Kong prices by as much as $1,000.
Two days after the iPhone 6 went on sale in Hong Kong, customs officers patrolling a backwater pier came across several men loading boxes into a speedboat.
When the officers approached, the men jumped into the boat and sped off, leaving behind 15 boxes packed with new iPhones.
The smuggling operation is just a small link in a much larger network built to satisfy massive demand for the phones in mainland China, where authorities have yet to approve the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) has not said when the new smartphones will go on sale in its second biggest market. State media reported last week that the iPhone 6 has not yet received a key license.
Smugglers have stepped in to fill the gap, charging top dollar for phones that are bought legitimately in Apple stores as far away as New York.
And they could be making a killing, as Apple devotees pay through the nose.
Related: Apple sells 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Pluses
On Wednesday, CNN found a few sellers outside an Apple store in Beijing.
One offered the new 16GB iPhone 6 for 11,000 yuan ($1800). And where did the phone come from? It was shipped from Hong Kong, he said. At that price, the smugglers would be making over $1,000 per phone.
Hong Kong, which has three Apple stores, is a key hub in the network -- designed in part to avoid China's import taxes. Customers leaving Apple stores in the city are sometimes offered two times the retail price by phone flippers hoping to make a quick buck.
Smuggling activity appears to be brisk. On Monday, customs officers found 20 new iPhones concealed in the axles of a container truck bound for the mainland.
According to local media, authorities across the border in Shenzhen seized more than 600 iPhones over a three day period. Nearly 40 mules have been caught at the city's ports.
Related: Xiaomi is China's new smartphone king
The China market is crucial for Apple, and the company's largest outside the United States. But the iPhone maker has stumbled there in recent years, losing ground in the smartphone race to rivals, including Xiaomi, that offer cheaper phones.
In a bid to expand its footprint, Apple signed a deal last year with China Mobile to offer the iPhone. China Mobile is the world's largest carrier by subscribers, with around 700 million users -- or more than twice the population of the U.S.
-- Vivian Kam and Dayu Zhang contributed reporting
First Published: September 24, 2014: 6:11 AM ET
Most Popular

India Needs  Sensible  Regulations to Spur Growth  Says RBI ChiefCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: India needs to have "clever and sensible" regulations to create a business-friendly environment which will lead to faster growth of the economy and create jobs, RBI Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan said on Wednesday.
"We need the right kind...not too much, not too little, but clever and sensible regulations. Not just the regulations in the book, but also the enforcement to make sure that businesses have chance to succeed in a way that promotes growth and create jobs," he said at the 58th annual general meeting of Indo-German Chamber of Commerce here.
Although the country has enough regulations, not all of them are of the right kind, he said.
Dr Rajan said the country's needs a vibrant financial system which will finance people who want to create jobs and also those who want to pursue higher education.
"We need financial system that gives access to all. (Financial) exclusion (of people) is bad in many ways - one they don't have access and second they cannot save in the financial system which can force them to save outside at a greater risk, and at times at a substantially low returns."
He emphasised on providing better education and skills to the working age population
"We need broad level skills across the population, which means we have to improve the quality of education."
Dr Rajan further said one of the bigger challenges for India is how to take advantage of its demographic dividends.
"Of course, as many have noted that a demographic dividend can turn into demographic curse if we don't create jobs. So what's important is we reap the benefits of demographic dividend by creating jobs," he added.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 22:20 (IST)

Apple pulls faulty iPhone software updateApple: iPhone software fix 'in a few days'
By Gregory Wallace   @gregorywallace September 24, 2014: 3:14 PM ET
 
Does the iPhone 6 Plus bend? CNN tests.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Apple's first update to its recently released iPhone software didn't go so well.
It withdrew the software update Wednesday following widely reported issues that left some unable to use their phone.
After the update, the phones were unable to connect to cellular networks and the fingerprint reader, a security feature, did not work.
"We have received reports of an issue with the iOS 8.0.1 update," the company said in a statement, adding it was "actively investigating."
Apple later released a statement saying that reinstalling the original version of iOS 8, known as iOS 8.0, would provide a temporary fix for the problem, and giving instructions to users how to do so using its iTunes service. Some users had posted on Apple's online support message boards that their phones were working again after completely resetting the phones.
It also said a new version of iOS 8, version 8.0.2, which it said will include a fix for the problem, will be available "in the next few days."
The iOS 8 software released last week, shortly before the latest iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus, became available. Users have reported other issues, such as problems connecting to the phone using Bluetooth .
First Published: September 24, 2014: 3:14 PM ET
Most Popular

Renewable Energy Plan Hinges on Huge Utah CavernsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Sushma Swaraj begins US visit  scheduled to meet 100 ministers from seven nationsPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:26 am
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has begun her 10-day trip to the US with back-to-back meetings here with her counterparts from seven nations, including the UK and the Maldives.
Swaraj met the leaders at the United Nations headquarters Wednesday.
She met UK Secretary of State Philip Hammond, Sudanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Ali Ahmed Karti, Maldives Foreign Affairs Minister Dunya Maumoon, Norwegian Foreign Affairs Minister Borge Brende, Kyrgyz Foreign Affairs Minister Abdyldaev Erlan Bekeshovich, Greece Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos and Nigerian Foreign Affairs Minister Aminu Wali.
Swaraj, however, did not speak to the media after the meetings.
The External Affairs Minister is scheduled to meet nearly 100 foreign ministers during her visit to the US and will also join the delegation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who will reach New York on September 26.
Ahead of Prime Minister Modi’s arrival, Swaraj will participate in the meetings with the Foreign Ministers of the G4, IBSA, BRICS, Commonwealth and SAARC.
Her bilateral meetings will be with Brazilian Foreign Affairs Minister Luis Alberto Figueiredo Machado, Bangladeshi Foreign Affairs Minister Abul Hassan Mahmud Ali and Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi.
In the Commonwealth and SAARC meetings, Swaraj could meet Pakistan’s National Security and Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz.
On September 26, before Modi reaches New York, Swaraj will participate in a bilateral meeting with Egyptian Foreign Affairs Minister Sameh Hassan Shoukry besides participating in a ministerial level meeting of the Committee on Palestine.

http://usat.ly/1uIsDz6FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Inside London's massive sewer tunnel project
Billions of dollars are being spent on a massive super sewer to take away London's vast output of waste, which is endangering the River Thames. (Sept. 22)
Post to Facebook
Inside London's massive sewer tunnel project Billions of dollars are being spent on a massive super sewer to take away London's vast output of waste, which is endangering the River Thames. (Sept. 22) Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1siRBZw
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Inside London's massive sewer tunnel project
Billions of dollars are being spent on a massive super sewer to take away London's vast output of waste, which is endangering the River Thames. (Sept. 22) AP
More Videos:

Drones for Moviemaking Face Likely FAA ApprovalAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Coal verdict: Andhra Bank has Rs 43 bn expos...Andhra Bank says has Rs 4346 crore exposure to firms affected by coal ruling
By Reuters | 25 Sep, 2014, 01.19PM IST
Andhra Bank shares were down 5.4 per cent by 0727 GMT, extending Wednesday's 4 per cent fall after the Supreme Court verdict. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: State-run Andhra Bank has a loan exposure of Rs 4346 crore ($711.8 million) to companies that have been ordered by the Supreme Court to return coal blocks, its chairman said on Thursday.
Andhra Bank's total exposure to steel and power companies is between Rs 12000 crore and Rs 130 crore, C.V.R. Rajendran told Reuters .
Andhra Bank shares were down 5.4 per cent by 0727 GMT, extending Wednesday's 4 per cent fall after the Supreme Court verdict. Lenders have been hit by worries that the verdict scrapping coal allocations over two decades could lead to a rise in bad loans.
"This is an industry-wide problem," Rajendran said in a phone interview, adding an early reallocation of the coal blocks could help lower the impact on the companies and the lenders.
"If it happens at the earliest, it should not have a major impact."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Order  order: Judges high-tea bill boils into hot issueComments
Tea cost Rs. 900 a cup and dinner Rs. 1,800 a plate. The local administration now is fighting shy of clearing the heavy hospitality bills of the Punjab and Haryana high court senior judges from a state-level function here more than eight months ago.
On January 17, deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal, high court chief justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul, justice Jasbir Singh (Punjab Legal Services Authority executive chairman), justice SK Mittal (Haryana Legal Services Authority executive chairman), and justice Jitendra Chauhan had inaugurated an Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) Centre in Bathinda.
Justices Rajesh Bindal, KC Puri, RK Garg, MS Sullar, Paramjit Singh, SP Bangar, and Jaspal Singh; besides district and sessions judge Tejwinder Singh and chief judicial magistrate (also district legal services authority secretary) Daljeet Singh Ralhan, were among the 75 guests.
The district administration spent about Rs. 18 lakh on the hospitality of these high-profile guests.
Of this expenditure, Rs. 6.53 lakh is for high tea alone; and Rs. 5.71 lakh for VIP dinner and breakfast.
The records of Hotel Sepal suggest that Rs. 900 cup was served to 75 guests, Rs. 450 cup to 400, and Rs. 600 cup to another 400; and including taxes, it cost Rs. 5.98 lakh.  Another 50 guests were served tea worth Rs. 900 a cup, plus breakfast and dinner.
The cost of high tea did not do down well with the administration, and public works department superintendent engineer refused to foot the bill until the district authorities had verified it.
This PWD was the host. “A proposed menu of snacks and food, along with price list, was sent to the district administration and we served the items only after it approved; but till now they haven’t paid our bills,” said Hotel Sepal owner Vijay Katia. He claimed he had reminded the deputy commissioner repeatedly over the past seven months and been told every time that the payment was in process.
Bathinda deputy commissioner Basant Garg was unavailable for comment, in spite of the many attempts to reach him.

Hammerson share placing aiming for 400mHammerson raises £400m in share placing to develop outlet empire
By Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa88d0cc-447d-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In stirring speech  Narendra Modi makes manufacturing pitch  kicks off  Make in India  campaignIn stirring speech, Narendra Modi makes manufacturing pitch, kicks off 'Make in India' campaign
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 25 2014, 18:30  IST
Sep 25 2014, 18:30  IST
 

Committed to womens reservation Bill  but need consensus: VenkaiahNaiduPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:39 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:48 pm
As it seeks consensus amongst political parties on the issue of the women’s reservation Bill, the government said it is committed to getting the legislation passed in Parliament.
“We have to evolve a consensus on the issue of women’s reservation. We have seen the earlier experience also, but my party is committed to this (the Bill), we will see how it can progress,” Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu said at the Assocham awards function.
Naidu, however, declined to give any time frame for bringing the Bill in Parliament and said the NDA government would move “forward cautiously” on the issue.
“I cannot give any time frame because it is not to be decided by one party. It needs broader support and consensus among all political parties. You need an amendment as well,” he said when asked whether the Bill would be introduced in the upcoming winter session of Parliament.
“We have to talk to different parties, take them on board and then move forward. We have had bitter experiences earlier … on the discussion of the Bill. Keeping that in mind, we have to move forward cautiously,” he said.
Regarding the opposition to the Bill, Naidu said without naming anybody that, “Some men have their own way of obstructing the progress of women and are determined to deprive them of opportunities.
“The issue of women’s reservation is one such example. For long have we been talking of giving one-third share to women in the Assemblies and in Parliament. Why should anybody grudge giving just one-third seats to women when they are equal in number.”
Hoping for the speedy enactment of the law, Naidu said, “I strongly feel that the women’s reservation Bill needs to be taken forward to its logical conclusion. Earlier the better.”
About 35 women achievers from across the country were honoured by the Assocham Ladies League at the event.
Naidu said that the role of women in society should be recognised and all hurdles towards their empowerment should be removed.
“Women are on a par with men… Whatever few hurdles there are in the way of women expressing themselves shall be brought down quickly. I hope that day is not too far.
“It is one thing to hold women in high esteem but what is more important is to accord them due space, share and status,” Naidu said.
“It is patently false to suggest that, by nature, men are more capable than women. These days, in umpteen number of areas, women are outdoing men,” he added.

Sensex ends day 276 points down; 5 reasons Dalal Street is crackingSensex ends day 276 points down; 5 reasons Dalal Street is sinking
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 04.27PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: 'Make in India' campaign launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi failed to cheer markets; as benchmark Sensex plunged as much as 395 points in intraday trade, led by losses in ICICI Bank , RIL, Axis Bank and ONGC .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological support level of 7900, but managed to claw back towards the fag end of the trade to close at 7911.85 level. The fall in the index was led by losses in power, realty, oil & gas and banking stocks.
The 30-share index closed at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points or 1.03 per cent. It touched a high of 26,814.20 and a low of 26,349.55 in trade today.
The Nifty ended at 7,911.85, down 90.55 points or 1.13 per cent. It touched a high of 8,019.30 and a low of 7,877.35 in trade today.
October is a month with less trading sessions. So the movement would be volatile with more of gap up - gap downs, caution analysts.
"The index is making a Doji candle on Monthly chart. After the run up of the last seven months, if it doesn't settle above 8,000 and sustains below 7,950 levels, then this positive rally may end. We may see lower levels of 7,840 & 7,700," said Chandan Taparia, Derivatives Analyst, Anand Rathi.
(Doji candle means opening and closing at almost same levels after a rage-bound move of the entire month. This is a sign of indecision between bulls and bear, and if this candle occurs at the top of rally then the immediate trend may end).
Here are five reasons that could have led to the fall on Dalal Street:
September F&O expiry:
The market always remains volatile with fierce moves on either side ahead of F&O expiry which is due on September 25 (Thursday). This is because traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series, say analysts.
"Given the fact this is an F&O expiry week, this consolidation and a little bit of profit booking was expected in the market," said Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
"By my understanding, this negative bias could continue but not with any deep or sharp cuts, though certainly, volatility could be the order of the day," he added.
Coal Block De-allocation:
The Supreme Court cancelled almost all coal blocks given to private companies since 1993, delivering a severe blow to firms that invested heavily in power stations and factories linked to producing mines.
Even though the verdict clears some bit of uncertainty, but the verdict will still remain an overhang on markets and various sectors such as mining, power for some more time.
There will be a considerable amount of nervousness both in the broader market as well as in the frontline stocks , say experts and investors can look at defensives and export-oriented themes such as IT and pharma.
"40% of the index - and that is adjusting for SAIL , NTPC and Coal India which are unaffected by today's order - is greatly affected by this cancellation of coal mines. This includes banks, power and metals," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
"So I guess this representation will be more or less similar in the broader markets as well, in days ahead as the uncertainty looms over what kind of auction policy the government adopts," he added.
Sekhar pointed that since the balance sheets of many of these companies in power and metal sector are in a real state of disarray, it will be very difficult for the market to claw back as if nothing had happened.
Yellen warning on interest rates:
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says she wants investors to be prepared for the possibility that the Fed will raise interest rates sooner than they currently project. Her words are going unheeded, said media reports.
Heavy FII selling:
Foreign institutional investors or FIIs which are the backbone of over 28 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex have slowed down buying on the Indian bourses even turning net sellers.
FII sold Rs 1,185.17 crore in equities on Sept 23 while DII bought Rs 325.70 crore in equities on September 23 when Sensex plunged 431 points on Tuesday.
The figure was less aggressive on 24 September Wednesday. FIIs sold Rs 793.65 crore in equities while DII's bought Rs 15.29 crore on the same day as per provisional data.
Technical Breakdown on Charts:
The 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8000. The trend does indicate some bit of bearishness but we are still in bull market, say analysts.
"Even though the charts are suggesting bearishness, but if 7930 is broken down on a closing basis, we can go down all the way to 7600, even 7580. Yet, the bull market remains even if we go to 7200, we are still in a bull market," said Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth.
"If we close below 7930 on Wednesday or the day after, then the bigger fall commences and we will go down all the way to 7650. For me, as a trader that would be more worrisome for people who are long," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Catch these midcap stocks on dips; top 10 scrips that can return upto 35% in a yearCatch midcap stocks on dips; top ten stocks which can give 35% return in 1 year
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 02.57PM IST
(Investors should use that…)
NEW DELHI: Midcap stocks have been on the radar of investors so far in the year 2014 on the hopes that the newly-elected Modi government will boost growth and revive the investment cycle.
Riding the optimism, the S&P BSE Midcap index has managed to rally over 40 per cent compared over 26 per cent gain seen in the BSE Sensex so far in the year 2014.
Most of the midcap stocks have rallied ahead of fundamentals and there is strong possibility that if correction happens, it will be fiercer in small and midcap stocks rather than large caps.
But investors should use that dip to enter or accumulate quality stocks at lower levels, say analysts, considering the fact that midcaps are due for correction.
In its latest report, investment bank UBS has turned more selective on Indian midcaps and says valuations relative to large caps are now at historical highs.
The market had a dream rally in the last few days with blue chips starting to outperform and midcaps and small caps also joining the party.
"Well, there was a need for this bit of correction or consolidation which would, in fact, give the markets more strength for the events that are coming up," said Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
"There is no need to be very bearish on the market, because we know that in the last few weeks, whenever there was a bearish undertone, the market has managed to bounce back," he added.
"So, we would be buyers on all dips in this market and ask our clients to accumulate good-quality stocks," says Mehta.
We have collated a list of ten stocks from different brokerage firms which can give up to 35 per cent return in the next 12 months:
MCX: Target price set at Rs 1050
MCX is a bottom-up idea that can continue to rerate with its change in ownership. It also has the potential for significant earnings upside if the FCRA Bill is passed.
UBS values the stock at 31x FY16E EPS, as they believe the stock will trade at premium valuations in the near to medium term. Regional exchanges are trading at 26x FY16 EPS and MCX's past peak multiple range was 35-40x. The price target is Rs1,050.00.
Voltas: Target price set at Rs 290
Voltas is a leading mechanical, electrical and plumbing (MEP) contractor in India and the Middle East. UBS expects the company to benefit from any investment-cycle improvement in these markets, especially at its retail air conditioning business. They value Voltas at 21x FY16E PE, slightly above its historical mean as they factor in cyclical recovery in the projects business and a higher share of the consumer business at around 43% of sales.
LIC housing Finance: Target price set at Rs 400
UBS believes that LIC Housing Finance is in a sweet spot on margins and expects NIMs to improve from 2.25% in FY14 to 2.74% in FY17E as (1) a decline in the interest rate would support margins given a higher proportion of fixed retail loans (at about 40%);
(2) yields would be supported by re-pricing of around 37% of loans in FY16EFY18E and an increasing proportion of higher-yielding loans;
and (3) a change in the liability mix towards cheaper non-convertible debentures (NCD) from expensive bank borrowings.
The stock is up 45% YTD. However, it is still trading at a 5% discount to its five-year average P/BV multiple. The global investment bank believes that lower interest rates will benefit LIC Housing Finance.
Britannia Industries Ltd: Target price set at Rs 1750
UBS believes that Britannia is amongst the most popular and trusted food brands in India, and one that could be easily leveraged into newer sub-sectors. They think that its four core brands - Good Day, Nutri-Choice, Bourbon, and Treat - have the potential to leverage across new categories, thereby aiding premiumisation.
UBS believes the share price will rerate based on: 1) a shift in consumer preference from mass-market to premium biscuits (Britannia's main product), yielding higher-than-sector volume growth and driving above-consensus earnings growth; and 2) the new management's focus on increasing rural penetration and upgrading products in urban markets.
Bajaj Electricals: Target price set at Rs 375
UBS likes Bajaj Electricals for its strong brands, large distribution network and strong market position in various product categories. Over the past few quarters, strong growth in the consumer business (lighting and durables) has been masked by poor E&P performance.
They expect this situation to improve from FY15 onwards. While the past two quarters' disappointment in consumer business is a cause for worry and raised question about its brand power, "we believe it is still premature to come to such a conclusion. The stock appears, in any case, inexpensive compared with peers," it says.
Cummins India Ltd: Target price set at Rs 765

US-led strikes hit IS-held oil sites in Syriaprint
US-led airstrikes targeted Syrian oil installations held by the militant Islamic State group overnight and early Thursday, killing nearly 20 people as the militants released dozens of detainees in their de facto capital, fearing further raids, activists said.
The latest strikes came on the third day of a US-led air campaign aimed at rolling back the Islamic State group in Syria, and appeared to be aimed at one of the militants' main revenue streams. The US has been conducting air raids against the group in neighboring Iraq for more than a month.
The Islamic State group captured most of Syria's largest oil fields earlier this year and is believed to be partly funding its operations by smuggling oil out and selling it on the black market. Read: World must dismantle Islamic State: Obama
At least four oil installations and three oil fields were hit around the town of Mayadeen in the eastern province of Deir el-Zour, according to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and two local activist groups. A third activist group loyal to the militants confirmed the reports.
At least 14 militants were killed, said the Observatory, which gathers information from a network of activists on the ground. Another five people who lived near one of the refineries in the northeastern Hassakeh province were also killed, the Observatory said, adding that they were likely the women and children of the militants.
Two activist collectives reported higher death tolls. It is common to have conflicting casualty figures in the chaotic aftermath of such events.
The planes came "with a terrifying sound and red lights before the explosions," one activist wrote, documenting each explosion.
The militants meanwhile freed at least 150 people from a prison in their de facto capital of Raqqa in northeastern Syria, fearing more
strikes, according to activists there.
Other strikes hit checkpoints, compounds, training grounds and vehicles of the Islamic State throughout the territory they hold along the Euphrates River in northern and eastern Syria, with strikes hitting near the Turkish and Iraqi borders.
The raids targeted Syrian military bases seized by the Islamic State group, including the Brigade 93 and Tabqa bases. They also hit a building used as an Islamic court and a cultural center in the town of Mayadeen, the activists reported.
The Observatory said other airstrikes targeted the Nusra Front, a Syrian al-Qaida affiliate that has fought the Islamic State, and which is one of the most powerful groups fighting to overthrow Syrian President Bashar Assad. The strikes against the Nusra Front suggest a wider operation targeting other Syrian militants seen as a potential threat to the United States.
The Observatory also reported airstrikes near a northern Kurdish area that Islamic State militants have been attacking for nearly a week now, causing the flight of over 150,000 people to neighboring Syria. But it was not immediately clear who was conducting the airstrikes southwest of the area known as Kobani, or Ayn Arab.

Branson: Take all the vacation you want!Branson: Take as much vacation as you want!
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 24, 2014: 1:18 PM ET
 
Branson's jaw-dropping vacation policy
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Billionaire businessman Richard Branson has just given his office staff a big reason to celebrate: they can now take as much vacation as they like.
Employees at Branson's Virgin Group can take unlimited vacation whenever they want, provided they work at one of the main offices in New York, London, Geneva or Sydney.
For now, the new policy will apply to roughly 160 employees.
Branson said Virgin subsidiaries would be encouraged to follow suit if the experiment is successful.
"Take a holiday whenever you want. Take as much holiday as you want. We're not going to keep a check on how much holiday you take," he said in a CNN interview.
Companies in which Virgin owns a stake, including Virgi n Galactic and Virgin America , employ as many as 40,000 people.
Related: Unlimited vacation days and other perks you don't get
However, the apparent giveaway may not be as generous at it seems.
The lack of a formal policy can leave some people feeling pressured to take less time off, rather than more.
Branson, who is also the author of 'The Virgin Way,' said in a blog post that he assumes staff will only take time off when they're up to date with their work, and feel their absence won't damage the business or their careers.
Branson said he was inspired by Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ), which gives its employees unlimited holiday time.
"Treat people as human beings, give them that flexibility and I don't think they'll abuse it. And they'll get the job done," Branson told CNN during a segment set to air on Erin Burnett OutFront later this week.
 
Vacation like a duchess at Chatsworth
Vacation policies are at the center of a debate about work-life balance as more employees routinely work late into the night on their smartphones.
Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim has called for a three-day work week . In return, workers would have to complete 11-hour days and stay on the job until age 70 or 75.
Policies on working time and vacation vary widely around the world.
European nations typically guarantee workers more down time than the U.S.
"The amount of holidays people are given in the States is dreadful," the British-born Branson told CNN. "How can you find time to get to know your children if you're working with very very little holiday time?"
First Published: September 24, 2014: 9:32 AM ET
Most Popular

Vodafone Wants Quick Reforms to Ease Doing Business in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Vodafone Wants Quick Reforms to Ease Doing Business in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 20:33 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: UK-based Vodafone Group on Wednesday expressed hope that the new government would set in reforms that would help improve the ease of doing business in India and does not rule out finding a solution to the Rs 11,200 crore tax dispute outside arbitration.
On a short visit to India, Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao told the media that the outlook in the country has changed after the elections and he felt the Modi Government was pro-business.
Though the group was not obsessed in buying companies in India, it was keeping its mind open on the issue and also on mergers and acquisitions. Still he would describe the scene about the upcoming spectrum auction as one that creates uncertainties.
"I think the mood of investors with the new government of India is positive because the intentions are good. My recommendation is make sure that political intentions (are) translated into administrative acts," he said.
On the tax dispute with the government, he said, there is a process which is a kind of civilised process that has been established between nations and companies to resolve disputes.
"That's great and we will just follow the process...The problem in India is slow and sometimes contradictory to the speed of the regulatory process. There is an arbitration process, we think the process can happen," he said.
Asked whether Vodafone can enter into an agreement with the government directly on the issue, he said, "You can never rule out anything in an arbitration process because it is a mechanism for finding a private solution to the dispute. So nothing can be ruled out."
To another question if arbitration process has started, Mr Colao said it was in a preliminary stage.
Asked whether Vodafone was disappointed that the new government left the tax dispute as it is in the first budget, Mr Colao said he was not disappointed.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 20:32 (IST)

Apple stock gets hit on  BendgateEMAIL
AFP/Getty
Shares of Apple (AAPL)  were under pressure Wednesday as the sturdiness of the latest iPhone and its software design came under evaluation.
Apple stock ended down 89 cents, or 0.9%, to $101.75 throwing a bit of cold water on the euphoria following the release of the iPhone 6 on Sept. 19. Given Apple’s huge market value — it’s the most valuable company in the U.S. and therefore has huge sway — even a percentage point decline can apply pressure to stocks.
LISTEN: Is #Bendgate for real? USA TODAY's Tech Roundtable weighs in http://t.co/y3hk1CyLRZ
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 25, 2014
These latest problems with the latest iPhone and its operating system mar the company’s well-groomed image of only releasing products when they’re 100% rock solid.
Video circulating on the Internet shows how the latest iPhone can be bent by applying pressure, not all that greater than might result from the phone being placed in a pair of pants.
Separately, Apple has yanked its update to this mobile phone operating system, called iOS, after widespread reports of problems raging from lost cellular connections and battery drain.
Shares of Apple are still up strongly this year, gaining roughly 27%. Yet the stock is down, along with the market, since the much ballyhooed launch of the latest iPhone.
Chart source: MSN Money

Yellen warning on unsettled rate timetable ignored by investorsFed's $4 trillion holdings keep boosting growth beyond end of QE
By Jeff Kearns, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
WASHINGTON — Quantitative easing may turn out to be a gift that keeps on giving for the U.S. economy.
As the Federal Reserve prepares to end its third round of bond buying next week, the central bank plans to hang on to the record $4.48 trillion balance sheet it has accumulated since announcing the first round of purchases in November 2008.
That will continue to keep a lid on borrowing costs, helping the Fed lift inflation closer to its target and providing support to a five-year expansion facing headwinds abroad, from war in the Mideast to slowing growth in Europe and China.
Holding bonds on the Fed's balance sheet limits the supply of securities trading on the public markets, which helps keep prices up and yields lower than they otherwise would be. That provides stimulus to the economy just as a cut in the Fed's benchmark interest rate would, according to Michael Gapen, a senior U.S. economist for Barclays Plc in New York and former Fed Board section chief in charge of monetary and financial markets analysis.
"Preserving it will continue to support the economy," Gapen said. "The Fed message is we think we've done enough to generate momentum and keep the economy on the right track. Now we're going to wait and see how things go."
The Federal Open Market Committee plans to end its purchases of Treasuries and mortgage bonds at the next meeting Oct. 28-29, according to minutes of the last gathering.
Chair Janet Yellen opened the door to keeping a multi- trillion-dollar portfolio for years, saying a decision on when to stop reinvesting maturing bonds depends on financial conditions and the economic outlook. Shrinking the balance sheet to normal historical levels "could take to the end of the decade," Yellen said at her press conference last month.
0
Fed quantitative easing has provided the Treasury market with a steady and consistent buyer, helping to keep yields lower than they otherwise would be. The central bank is now the largest holder of U.S. government securities.
If the Fed continues to hold the securities, it "will continue to put some downward pressure on rates relative to what they would have been had the Fed not had this balance sheet," said Josh Feinman, the New York-based global chief economist for Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management, which oversees $1.31 trillion, and a former Fed senior economist. "That's a factor that I think will linger."
The FOMC said in a supplementary statement at the last meeting that it expects to stop reinvestments of maturing securities once it starts raising the benchmark interest rate, a step that policy makers project they will take next year.
Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker, who votes on policy next year, later said he opposes continuing to hold mortgage bonds. "This approach unnecessarily prolongs our interference in the allocation of credit," Lacker said in a Sept. 19 statement.
The Fed's balance sheet includes bonds bought in all three rounds of QE. The first two totaled $2.3 trillion through June 2011. The third round, announced in September 2012, differed from its predecessors in that it was open-ended, with no limit on the amount of purchases and no target date for halting them. The FOMC said it would buy $85 billion of bonds a month until the labor market improved "substantially."
The jobless rate when QE3 started under Chairman Ben Bernanke stood at 8.1 percent, and policy makers forecast it would fall to 6 percent to 6.8 percent by late 2015. It's now 5.9 percent, near what most officials project is full employment, and monthly payroll growth has averaged 209,000 for the past two years, up from a 172,000 monthly average during the prior two-year period.
"The objective was to produce a substantial improvement in the labor market, and that's occurred," said Keith Hembre, a former researcher at the Minneapolis Fed who helps oversee $120 billion as chief economist at Nuveen Asset Management in Minneapolis. "You've got a labor market that's much improved and closer to full employment. It's hard to prove what would have happened in the absence of the program."
The FOMC began tapering purchases in December 2013, when it slowed monthly buying by $10 billion. It made six more cuts of the same size at each of the following meetings, saying with each that it would respond to incoming data. The current pace is $10 billion in Treasuries and $5 billion in mortgage bonds.
"The flexibility allowed the Fed to continue to add stimulus until it achieved the goal it set out to achieve," said Laura Rosner, a U.S. economist at BNP Paribas SA in New York and a former New York Fed researcher. "That's what made this last one effective."
While most policy makers agree with that assessment, not all of them are ready to declare mission accomplished.
St. Louis Fed President James Bullard, who helped lay the intellectual groundwork for QE2 in a 2010 paper calling on officials to avert deflation by purchasing Treasury notes, said in an Oct. 16 interview with Bloomberg News in Washington the "logical policy response at this juncture may be to delay the end of the QE" amid stalling growth in Europe and declining inflation expectations. Bullard will vote on policy in 2016.
The Fed in 2012 set a 2 percent inflation target, saying that pace for the personal consumption expenditures index is consistent with its longer-run mandate. The gauge rose 1.5 percent in August from a year earlier, and hasn't exceeded 2 percent since March 2012. Policy makers want to avoid deflation, because falling prices can encourage businesses and consumers to delay spending in the expectation of further price declines, reducing aggregate demand.
Boston's Eric Rosengren differs with Bullard in supporting an end to asset purchases. He calls QE3 "materially helpful," in part because it helped boost housing prices. Rosengren votes in 2016.
"The fact that we had a very large QE program played an important role," Rosengren said in an Oct. 17 interview. "That was an important component of getting more confident the economy was going to go, that we were serious about returning the economy to full employment and inflation to 2 percent."
San Francisco Fed President John Williams, who also supports ending QE, said in a presentation in Washington earlier this year that research shows purchases have "sizable effects" on lowering bond yields, though uncertainty remains about the magnitude of these effects and their impact on the overall economy. He cited several research papers showing QE2 lowered yields on the 10-year Treasury note by around 15 to 25 basis points.
Bernanke rattled investors worldwide by telling lawmakers in May 2013 the Fed may slow buying "in the next few meetings," spurring the so-called taper tantrum that pushed the 10-year yield up more than 1 percentage point in 15 weeks. Now that skittishness about stimulus withdrawal is long gone.
"We'll live just fine without QE," former U.S. Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers said in an Oct. 21 interview with Bloomberg Television. "Interest rates at the 10-year are now much lower, not much higher, than they were before QE started."
_ With assistance from Steve Matthews and Danielle Trubow in Washington, Stephanie Ruhle and Liz Capo McCormick in New York and Christopher Condon in Boston.

Compact hatchback cars like Swift and Grand i10 lure first-time buyersSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: First-time buyers are returning to the car market and lapping up more premium hatchbacks like the Swift, Celerio and i10 Grand than the entry-level models they preferred in the past. Sales of entry-level or mini cars, a segment ruled by Maruti Suzuki's Alto, and premium or compact hatchbacks have together expanded as much as 40% in August from the previous month, according to model-wise numbers for the month released recently.
The compact segment has in fact grown more than 50% sequentially, compared with a 20% increase in the sales of entrylevel cars. "The growth in mini and compact segments show that the first-time buyers are coming back," said Subhrata Ray, senior group vice president at ICRA Rating.
The numbers also indicate changing consumer preference towards better engineered and comfortable vehicles with higher safety features than the bare four-wheeler they bought as their first car for years.
"Previously it used to be that the first-time buyer would buy a mini car first, then graduate to compact. But now the case has changed; a first time buyer can directly buy a compact hatchback also," said Abdul Majeed, partner automotive practices at PwC.
The return of first-time buyers in large numbers indicates the recovery that the Indian car market has been witnessing for a few months now is going to gain strength, say industry experts.
Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice president, sales & marketing, Honda Cars India, said increased sales in rural areas and small towns also augur well for the industry and "is a significant element which establishes the return of recovery".
Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice president of marketing and sales at Hyundai India , credits the government's decision to continue with a cut in excise duty, as well as stable interest and inflation rates, for the pickup in the automotive industry.
"We expect this festive period growth to be in the range of 15%-20% over last year," Srivastava said.
The past month saw the Alto, Maruti's entry-level car, returning to the top spot on sales charts, a position it had lost to Maruti's own compact sedan Dzire the previous month.
Alto sales grew to 21,553 units in August from 16,997 units a month prior, while Dzire numbers fell to 17,801 from 18,634.
Maruti Suzuki continues its dominance with its five models making it to the top 10 cars by sales in August. In fact, its Alto, Dzire, Swift and WagonR take the top four spots, in that order, and the Celerio comes in at the eighth spot.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Epilogue: Cheers meets MindyBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 24 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
I absolutely loved seeing Rhea Perlman as Danny Castellano’s mother on last night’s very strong episode of “The Mindy Project.” She brought a perfect combination of abrasiveness and tenderness to the role in a performance that was simultaneously specific to Danny’s upbringing as the child of a single, Staten-Island-to-the-core mother and and universal to the awkward and wonderful experience of getting to know a significant other’s most-protective parent.
That episode, and the wave of television nostalgia that seems to have arrived along with the cooler weather, give us today’s question: Which actor or actress from a classic show would you like to see pop up in a current series, and why?
Mindy (Mindy Kaling, right) tries to win over Danny’s mother, Annette (guest star Rhea Pearlman, left), in the “Annette Castellano Is My Nemesis” episode of “The Mindy Project.” (Jordin Althaus/FOX)
• I will have more on “Transparent,” Amazon’s excellent new series premiering tomorrow about a transgender woman who comes out to her family in her seventies. But until then, read Emily Nussbaum and James Poniewozik .

in response to complaints from Royal MailPostal service competition inquiry launched by MPs
Royal Mail has complained about competition from rival like Whistl - formerly TNT Post
Royal Mail sale 'lost taxpayers £1bn'
A committee of MPs has announced an inquiry into competition in the UK postal sector.
It is in response to complaints from Royal Mail, which says it is facing unfair competition from rival firms such as Whistl - previously TNT Post.
The Business Committee said its inquiry would look at how competition was affecting Royal Mail's obligation to provide a universal service.
Royal Mail says the obligation gives rivals an unfair advantage.
Competitors such as Whistl do not have to provide delivery to the whole country, or guarantee deliveries six days a week, as Royal Mail must continue to do under the Universal Service Obligation, despite its privatisation last year.
Royal Mail says this allows Whistl to "cherry-pick" easy-to-serve urban areas that are more profitable than rural areas, and choose to deliver easy-to-process mail.
"We will play our full part in the committee's inquiry into the key issues for the Universal Service and the UK," a spokesman for Royal Mail said.
Benefits of competition
"Unfettered direct delivery competition threatens to undermine the one-price-goes-anywhere, universal postal service. New entrants are cherry-picking both the populous urban areas and bulk business mail.
"We fear that a point could be reached where direct delivery competition leads to the universal service being unviable."
A spokesman for Whistl rejected the criticism, arguing that Royal Mail's problems were more about its own efficiency.
"We are happy to take any opportunity to explain the benefits of competition in the UK postal sector and its important role in ensuring Royal Mail continues to work towards meeting its productivity targets, which it has so far failed to do," he said.
"We are proud to deliver innovative, quality and value-for-money services that our clients want and are creating much-needed new jobs across the UK."
Whistl is the second biggest postal service in the UK, delivering to 1.2 million addresses in Manchester, London and Liverpool, although its delivery volumes are still tiny in comparison to Royal Mail's, representing less than 0.4% of the addressed mail market.
The committee has requested written evidence to be submitted before 24 October.
Both Royal Mail and Whistl are likely to be called to give evidence at subsequent hearings, though it is not clear when they will be held.
The market regulator Ofcom has so far resisted calls from Royal Mail to hold a similar inquiry.
More on This Story

explaining on his blogWhy we’re letting Virgin staff take as much holiday as they want
23 September 2014
Flexible working has revolutionised how, where and when we all do our jobs. So, if working nine to five no longer applies, then why should strict annual leave (vacation) policies? 
Image credit: Virgin.com
In the past few years, Netflix has become the runaway market leader in the streaming video sector. 
One clue as to how they intend to remain there this time comes from a very well-advised and downright courageous initiative they adopted that rewrote the book – or to be more precise, threw it away – on something very near and dear to the hearts of most workers around the world: their annual vacation day entitlement.
I first learned of what Netflix was up to when my daughter Holly read a Daily Telegraph article and immediately forwarded the piece to me with a clearly excited email saying, ‘Dad, check this out. It’s something I have been talking about for a while and I believe it would be a very Virgin thing to do to not track people’s holidays.’ She then went on to say, ‘I have a friend whose company has done the same thing and they’ve apparently experienced a marked upward spike in everything – morale, creativity and productivity have all gone through the roof.’ Needless to say I was instantly intrigued and wanted to learn more.
The Telegraph article talked about the new vacation policy that has been adopted by Netflix, which might actually be more accurately described as being, well, no policy! It’s a little bit like when you read that someone is offering a ‘zero per cent interest rate’. If there’s no interest can it really be called an interest rate?
Anyway, simply stated, the policy-that-isn’t permits all salaried staff to take off whenever they want for as long as they want. There is no need to ask for prior approval and neither the employees themselves nor their managers are asked or expected to keep track of their days away from the office. It is left to the employee alone to decide if and when he or she feels like taking a few hours, a day, a week or a month off, the assumption being that they are only going to do it when they feel a hundred per cent comfortable that they and their team are up to date on every project and that their absence will not in any way damage the business – or, for that matter, their careers!
Image by Take Aim Photography
The Netflix initiative had been driven by a growing groundswell of employees asking about how their new technology-controlled time on the job (working at all kinds of hours at home and/or everywhere they receive a business text or email) could be reconciled with the company’s old-fashioned time-off policy. That is to say, if Netflix was no longer able to accurately track employees’ total time on the job, why should it apply a different and outmoded standard to their time away from it? The company agreed, and as its ‘Reference Guide on our Freedom and Responsibility Culture’ explains, ‘We should focus on what people get done, not on how many hours or days worked. Just as we don’t have a nine-to-five policy, we don’t need a vacation policy.’
Image by Owen Billcliffe
It is always interesting to note how often the adjectives ‘smart’ and ‘simple’ describe the cleverest of innovations – well, this is surely one of the simplest and smartest initiatives I have heard of in a long time and I’m delighted to say that we have introduced this same (non) policy at our parent company in both the UK and the US, where vacation policies can be particularly draconian. Assuming it goes as well as expected, we will encourage all our subsidiaries to follow suit, which will be incredibly exciting to watch.
Do you think that all work places should throw away the book on annual leave policies? Share your thoughts below. 
-This is an excerpt from my new book: The Virgin Way - available for order now .  
Tags

Direct Line InsuranceSale of International and return of capital
RNS Number : 5571S
Direct Line Insurance Group PLC
25 September 2014
Sale of International operations and return of capital
 
25 September 2014
 
Direct Line Insurance Group plc ("Direct Line Group" or the "Group") announces that it has reached a binding agreement with Mapfre, S.A. ("Mapfre") for the sale of the Group's International division, which comprises its Italian and German operations. The sale concludes the strategic review initiated earlier in 2014.
 
Total cash sale proceeds of €550.0 million (£430.51 million) represent 1.9 times 2013 net asset value2 and 36.9 times 2013 normalised earnings3. The Group is expecting to recognise a pre-tax gain on disposal of approximately £160 million. The sale agreement includes certain transitional arrangements including a licence to use the Direct Line brand in Italy and Germany for three years. The transaction is conditional on the approvals of relevant regulatory authorities which are expected to take approximately three to four months.
 
The Group has a strong capital position as demonstrated by a risk-based capital coverage ratio of 148.8% at 30 June 2014, which was at the top end of its risk appetite range. Consequently, it is expected that substantially all of the net proceeds will be returned to shareholders and further details of this capital return will be provided at completion.
 
Paul Geddes, CEO of Direct Line Group commented:
"We believe that the sale of our international businesses to Mapfre is a good result for all of our stakeholders, providing excellent value for our shareholders, while offering our customers and colleagues stability and opportunity.
 
"Meanwhile, our UK personal and commercial lines businesses are continuing to implement the many initiatives we have under way to deliver our strategic priorities."
 
The Group will release its third quarter 2014 Interim Management Statement on 31 October 2014.
 
For further information, please contact:
Neil Manser
Director of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations
Tel: +44 (0)1651 832183

Katrina Kaif eyeing success with  Bang Bang  box office collectionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

National Waiters  DayBlog
Latest Tweet
Want to be a part of @Waitersday_UK Race but outside London? Why not organise your own? Tips here: http://t.co/yXqSfB49VL
Galvin at Windows, 22 Park Lane, London, W1K 1BE
Springboard UK, 44 Copperfield Street, London, SE1 0DY
 

Delhi: Police lathicharge Youth Congress workersmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

RIL s investment to fructify in next 15 mont...gasoline
(In order to succeed in the…)
NEW DELHI: Reliance Group Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani today said the company's over Rs 1.8 lakh crore investments will fructify in 12-15 months.
These investments will help in creation of 1.25 lakh jobs, he said.
"We have exports of over Rs 2,75,000 crore to over 140 countries and our investments of over Rs 1,80,000 crore are coming into fruition in the next 12-15 months. We would be creating be over 1,25,000 jobs in India in the next 12-15 months," Ambani said at the launch of government's " Make in India " programme.
He said in order to succeed in the 'Make in India' movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
"It is important to connect village clusters with the international markets and not only domestic markets by building the physical infrastructure and virtual infrastructure so that all our goods and services are connected to all markets," Ambani said.
He also lauded the initiatives taken by the government on implementing the Goods and Services Tax, saying it will make India one market and strengthen the programme.
The US 66 billion RIL Group's activities span exploration and production of oil and gas, petroleum refining and marketing, petrochemicals, textiles, retail, infotel and special economic zones.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today kicked off the "Make in India" programme that will focus on creating physical infrastructure as well as building a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods ranging from cars to softwares, satellites to submarines and paper to power.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China will not feel  jealous  of India s Ma...China
(Soon after Mangalyaan's…)
BEIJING: China will not feel "jealous" of India's Mars mission success but will have "myriad reasons" to feel delighted at the feat, state media here said today.
"Apparently, China will not feel jealous of Mangalyaan entering Mars orbit. Chinese people understand that they boast much more advanced technological, economic and social development than India does," state-run Global Times said in its editorial titled 'India's Mars success boosts space research'.
"The Indian public fully expressed their elation at having surpassed China in Mars exploration. China's first Mars exploratory probe, Yinghuo-1, went missing one year after its launch in 2011," the editorial said.
Watched by Prime Minister Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientists broke into wild cheers and congratulated each other after the 1,350 kg Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft 'Mangalyaan' was manoeuvred into its designated place.
"There is rhetoric on India's Internet that the success of Mangalyaan is pouring salt into China's wounds, which, however, is too serious and strong a characterisation," the article said.
"Actually, Chinese people have myriad reasons to feel delighted at the success of the Mangalyaan probe alongside Indian people," it said.
Soon after Mangalyaan's successful entry into Martian space, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying hailed the achievement as Asia's pride.
"This is pride of India and Pride of Asia and also is the landmark progress in humankind's exploration of outer space. So we congratulate India on that," Hua said.
Almost all the Chinese media featured Mangalyaan's success prominently with photos of celebrations in India.
"The total cost of the Indian mission has been put at Rs 4.5 billion rupees (USD 74 million) cheaper than the cost of making a Hollywood movie," state-run Xinhua news agency said in its report.
The Global Times, known for its nationalistic posture, however, took a dig at India's Martian achievement saying that "If a country that is relatively backward in scientific research is able to send a probe to Mars, it is highly possible that Yinghuo-2 may succeed in the future."
"No country can claim to be a leader in every arena. India has proved this point in its competition with China, When poor nations participate in the space race, they are often sneered at by others and criticised domestically as well," the Global Times said.
"India's space exploration endeavour, against its prevailing social conditions, should be reflected upon by Chinese people. China's space programme and the relevance to its social development level were subjected to intensive Western public scrutiny, but the West takes China's competitiveness in space seriously now. India reminds us of the importance of taking the first step," it said.
The editorial said "though Yinghuo-1 was outperformed by Mangalyaan, China's aerospace sector has made precious achievements in space, such as manned spaceflight and building space stations. Without these previous efforts, we will still be absent in some core fields."
"Mangalyaan brings us more affirmation than a sense of competition. Among net users from both countries, acrimonious remarks are heard against each other, creating an impression that China and India are mired in deep hostility," it said.
"But any real conflict of interest between the two is much less serious. Bilateral cooperation is entering the prime stage," it added.
China has successfully launched manned missions into space as well as unmanned missions to Moon besides putting dozens of satellites into space at regular intervals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India invites countries to invest in its amb...You are here: Home > Collections > Swaraj
India invites countries like UK, Greece to invest in its ambitious projects
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 01.38PM IST
Tags:
greece
(India has invited countries…)
UNITED NATIONS: India has invited countries like the UK, Norway and Greece to invest in ambitious projects and proposals unveiled by the new government to boost the economy.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj met her counterparts from UK, Sudan, the Maldives, Norway, Kyrgyzstan, Greece and Nigeria in back-to-back meetings after landing here yesterday.
Her counterparts conveyed their congratulations to the new government of India for its tremendous victory in the recent general elections.
Expressing her gratitude, Swaraj invited them to participate in the ambitious projects and proposals unveiled by the new government, especially through their investments in the Indian economy.
There was strong support expressed during these meetings for India's permanent membership in a reformed UN Security Council, according to a statement issued by the Permanent Mission of India to the UN.
The leaders discussed other topical issues before the United Nations during the ongoing 69th Session of the General Assembly.
Swaraj met UK Secretary of State Philip Hammond, Sudanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Ali Ahmed Karti, Maldives Foreign Affairs Minister Dunya Maumoon, Norwegian Foreign Affairs Minister Borge Brende, Kyrgyz Foreign Affairs Minister Abdyldaev Erlan Bekeshovich, Greece Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos and Nigerian Foreign Affairs Minister Aminu Wali.
The External Affairs Minister is scheduled to meet nearly 100 foreign ministers during her visit to the US and will join the delegation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who will reach New York on September 26.
Swaraj will also participate in meetings with the Foreign Ministers of the G4, IBSA, BRICS, Commonwealth and SAARC.
She will also hold bilateral meetings with Brazilian Foreign Affairs Minister Luis Alberto Figueiredo Machado, Bangladeshi Foreign Affairs Minister Abul Hassan Mahmud Ali and Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi.
On September 26, before Prime Minister Modi reaches New York, Swaraj would participate in a bilateral meeting with Egyptian Foreign Affairs Minister Sameh Hassan Shoukry besides participating in a ministerial level meeting of the Committee on Palestine.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See CRISIL upgrade new registrations soon: Venus Remedies01:30 pm
Pharma major Venus Remedies  will start selling its pain reliever ‘Trois’ in the Singapore market and is expecting revenue of USD 10 million in the next three years.
After a 7-year long wait to launch the product, the Panchkula-based company has been granted market authorisation and patent for this product from Singapore authorities, making it first such authorisation from any overseas country for Trois.
Venus Remedies is in negotiation with several companies to market Trois, says company CMD Pawan Chaudhary, adding that the company expects to get some more registrations in coming 6 months.
Driven by stretched liquidity and delay in repayment of term loans, rating agency CRISIL downgraded ratings Venus to D from BB+ earlier this week. The pharma player looks at correct liquidity mismatch in the next 30 days and thereafter expects its ratings to be upgraded in the next 6 weeks, Chaudhary says in an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Ekta Batra.
With its debt currently standing at Rs 250 crore, Venus Remedies targets to bring its debt down by Rs 50 crore a year post 2 years. However, there are no plans to raise debt for the next two years, he adds.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview:
Q: Can you just tell us how big a launch is this particular pain killer drug in the Singapore market? How much would it mean in terms of revenues for Venus Remedies?
A: Trois is a nano technology pain reliever product especially for acute pains like arthritis, cervical, lower back, gout and knee pain. It took Venus 77 years of research to develop Trois, a topical pain management product that was launched in India last year.
Trois has a huge potential in Singapore where 10 percent people are diagnosed with arthritis and 20 percent of the population above the age of 65 suffer from symptoms of osteoarthritis, which is a big problem. So, Singapore is a first country after India which has given marketing approval for Trois.
Once the product is launched which we are hopeful of launching soon, then by 2018 Trois should become a USD 10 million product in Singapore market.
Q: Is this drug manufactured by you’ll in-house or you’ll are just marketing partners for this drug?
A: We will have a marketing partner for this drug. This is a herbal product, it is a nano technology based herbal product.
Q: Who would the marketing partner be?
A: We are negotiating the terms with various pharma companies. In case Venus Remedies opts for a 50-50 joint venture for marketing Trois in Singapore then definitely company will earn a revenue of USD 5 million from it in three years from now.
Q: What would the margins be on this post the marketing tie-up?
A: This is a high end product and because this is special product globally patented, so, definitely company will have better EBITDA out of this product.
Q: Are you all also planning to get approvals for this drug in other markets? Have you already applied?
A: We have already applied registration in various Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) and low income (LIC) countries and the product is under registration. We are hopeful that in next six months time we should get some more registrations.
As far as India is concerned, this is already getting very good response and we are hopeful of touching close to USD 2 million in FY15 out of this product only.
Q: You are looking for tie-ups with other pharma companies I understand. Can you give us more details on that?
A: We are looking for tie-ups with other pharma companies but not for Indian market because we already have a pan India presence and already 650 people are there in the market.
As far as other markets are concerned, we are looking for marketing tie-ups. In India already we have read that 3000 odd doctors are prescribing Trois in the market.
Q: I just wanted to shift focus away from the company for a little bit and talk about the recent CRISIL downgrade that came through for Venus to ‘D’ from ‘BB+’. Would you like to give us more details in terms of what these repayment of loans are looking like at this point in time? How much interest outstanding do you have and whether you have spoken to CRISIL on the same as well?
A: Company’s current debt equity is not very high. Debt to equity ratio is 0.5. As we are investing in innovation and in last 10 years Venus has invested about Rs 500 crore of in research and to monetise research especially the pharma research it takes little longer time as compared to normal business activity. That is why some liquidity mismatch is there and our bankers are very confident and they very well understand the company. We hope that things will be alright very soon.
Q: What is the extent of liquidity mismatch and how soon will you’ll be able to correct it?
A: Within next 30 days time.
Q: Am I correct to say that as of FY13 your debt was Rs 271 crore?
A: Including non-fund base. If it is fund base limit including the working capital limit, it is now around Rs 250 crore.
Q: You also have Foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) to a certain extent which are convertible at Rs 364 per share in February 2015?
A: Correct.
Q: What is your stand on that?
A: We have already tied up with banks for additional funding for line of credit. If things doesn’t happen like if it is not converted before that time then we have already approached the banks and banks has already sanctioned the required money to repay the FCCB.
Venus Remedies stock price
On November 21, 2014, Venus Remedies closed at Rs 239.00, up Rs 0.75, or 0.31 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 381.75 and the 52-week low was Rs 200.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 45.35 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 5.27. The latest book value of the company is Rs 392.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.61.
RELATED NEWS

BJP  Shiv Sena likely to break 25-year-old alliance in Maharashtra after failure oftalksA formal announcement in the split of the alliance between the two parties is likely to be announced shortly.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:40 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:10 pm
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and its oldest ally Shiv Sena are likely to part ways ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections.
A formal announcement on the split of the 25-year-old alliance between the two parties is likely to be announced shortly, top BJP sources said.
The state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis on Thurday said Shiv Sena is placing the same old proposal making it difficult to move ahead. In counter attack, senior Sena leader Diwakar Raote said, BJP has betrayed their trust. They appear in hurry to break the alliance,  if they want to take suo moto decision we can’t help, Raote said.
Under the leadership of Uddhav ji, we will build the Maharashtra of Balasaheb’s dreams- progressive, safe, prosperous! #UThaMaharashtra
— Aaditya Thackeray (@AUThackeray) September 25, 2014
The Sena is unwilling to climb down from 150 seats.
We have vowed to work for a better Maharashtra and to fight and win against all those who destroyed Maharashtra and dashed the hopes of all
— Aaditya Thackeray (@AUThackeray) September 25, 2014
BJP and Shiv Sena leaders, however, claimed that talks are still on and the alliance is not over yet.
One of the proposals, according to reports, was that Shiv Sena and BJP will contest 151 and 127 seats respectively leaving 10 of the state’s 288 Assembly seats for smaller allies. Additionally, it was said that three candidates of smaller partners of 6-party ‘Mahayuti’ will contest on Sena tickets and, similarly, BJP would accommodate one nominee in its quota of seats.
(With PTI inputs)

Gold drops to 9-month low | Oil holds near $97Gold drops to 9-month low; outlook by experts
Gold drops to 9-month low; outlook by experts
Spot gold hit a low of $1,206.85 an ounce, its weakest since Jan. 2, and was down 0.5 per cent at $1,210.30 an ounce at 1001 GMT. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Gold prices fell to a nine-month low on Thursday and other precious metals slid as the dollar rose to four-year highs against a basket of currencies and stock markets strengthened.
Platinum fell to its lowest since June last year, sliding below $1,300 an ounce, and silver and palladium also tumbled.
Spot gold hit a low of $1,206.85 an ounce, its weakest since Jan. 2, and was down 0.5 per cent at $1,210.30 an ounce at 1001 GMT. US gold futures for December delivery were down $8.70 an ounce at $1,210.80.
A run of upbeat US data has highlighted the diverging economic outlook for the euro zone and the United States. Expectations are growing that the Federal Reserve will begin tightening rates early next year.
The prospect of diverging monetary policy between the Fed and the European Central Bank sent the euro to a 22-month low against the dollar.
US policy and currency moves are the "one and only driver" of the gold market at present, VTB Capital analyst Andrey Kryuchenkov said.
"A stronger greenback and little or no inflation for the major economies remain the key threat to bullion's upside as we head into 2015," he said.
"Notably ... the world's largest ETF provider was still reporting ETF outflows following a pronounced plunge in its physical book last week," he added. "The physical interest in Asia remains anaemic, and we still see little chance for a sustained price rebound without any consumer buying here."
Holdings of gold exchange-traded funds, popular investment vehicles which issue securities backed by bullion, have fallen by close to a million ounces this month, their biggest monthly outflow this year, according to Reuters data.
Investors will be watching more US data due later on Thursday, including durable goods orders for August, to gauge the strength of the world's largest economy and the implications for the Federal Reserve's monetary policy and the dollar.
PHYSICAL DEMAND SUBDUED
Physical demand has been subdued this year after a record 2013, when prices slumped by 28 per cent. Buying of physical gold in top market China was light on Wednesday, traders said, even ahead of the Golden Week holiday next week.
China's net gold imports from main conduit Hong Kong slid to their lowest since May 2011 in August due to adequate stocks from earlier purchases and as consumer demand remained weak, data showed on Thursday.
News of central bank purchases failed to support gold. Russia added to its gold holdings in August, while Kazakhstan raised its holdings by nearly 800,000 ounces.
Among other precious metals, spot silver was down 0.9 per cent at $17.50 an ounce, spot platinum was down 0.7 per cent at $1,304.50 an ounce, and spot palladium was down 1.7 per cent at $800.25 an ounce.
Platinum earlier fell to its lowest since June 2013 at $1,295.25 an ounce, while palladium slid to its lowest since late April at $792 an ounce.
The chief executive of Russia's Norilsk Nickel said on Wednesday the company, the world's largest palladium producer, and a group of private investors were in talks to buy palladium worth up to $2 billion from the country's central bank.
"With 2.4 million ounces involved, close to one-year's worth of Russian mine supply, this is a bearish development - should it materialize," UBS said in a note. "The uncertainly surrounding it alone should push palladium lower."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Rajapaksa accuses UN rights body of ill-conceived agendas against Sri LankaUnited Nations
'Post-conflict Sri Lanka has become an unfortunate victim’
Lashing out at the U.N. Human Rights Council Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa — in his address to the U.N. General Assembly on Wednesday — said the probe into Sri Lanka’s rights record, mandated by the Council, was ill-motivated and lacked balance.
His address in New York came around the same time as the U.N. Human Rights Commissioner Zeid Ra’ad Zeid Al-Hussein’s oral update on Sri Lanka, at the ongoing 27th session of the Council in Geneva.
International probe
Amid mounting international pressure, Sri Lanka has refused cooperation to the international investigation — adopted by the Council in March — that seeks to probe an estimated 100,000 civilian deaths during the final phase of the island’s civil war that ended in 2009.
“Post-conflict Sri Lanka has also become an unfortunate victim of ill-conceived agendas of some in the Human Rights Council,” Mr. Rajapaksa said in his address to the 193-member U.N. General Assembly, adding that the body was overlooking Sri Lanka’s “substantial progress” since the war ended in 2009.
“There is an obvious lack of balance and proportion in the manner in which my country is being targeted today,” he said, according to a statement released by his office.
Observing that external intervention without adequate consideration of the structures in a society and cultural traditions of the countries inevitably resulted in detribalisation, the Sri Lankan President said the Council’s approach towards Sri Lanka was in sharp contrast to that toward situations involving humanitarian emergencies elsewhere.
While the Sri Lankan government simultaneously initiated a domestic mechanism, the U.N. Right Chief Mr. Al-Hussein has observed that a more fundamental and far-reaching accountability process in Sri Lanka, addressing both past and ongoing violations, is absolutely necessary for Sri Lankans to come to terms with their past, end impunity, achieve reconciliation between communities and strengthen the rule of law.
‘A flawed process’
Responding, Sri Lanka’s Ambassador to the Permanent Mission of Sri Lanka to the U.N., Geneva, Ravinatha Aryasinha said the oral update was “replete with accusations and unsubstantiated statistics”. The Government of Sri Lanka does not wish to help legitimise a flawed process and have a detrimental precedents established, he said, and hence “had to respectfully refuse those who urge that Sri Lanka cooperate with the OHCHR investigation.”

Momai Apparels approaches NSE for public floatLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Momai Apparels approaches NSE for public float
VS Fernando an IPO analyst has come out with its IPO scan on Momai Apparels.
Post your opinion here
 
Momai Apparels IPO scan by VS Fernando
Since the advent of 'SME-Platform' in early 2012, the country's largest exchange (NSE) has received only six IPOs whereas the oldest exchange in Asia (BSE) has entertained as many as 73. The reason for this anomaly is not far to seek. There is a popular perception in the market that NSE's listing guidelines are more stringent, protecting the investors, than BSE's norms which are more liberal, entertaining the promoters!
The promoters of Momai Apparels had gone to BSE-SME in March 2013 for listing their flagship, Ashapura Intimates Fashion. But for Momai's public float they have approached NSE. Whereas Ashapura priced its IPO at Rs 40 and tapped Rs 21 cr, Momai is asking not less than Rs 78 a share, aggregating Rs 30 cr. Will Momai emulate Ashapura in fetching capital appreciation, or will it go down like other NSE-SMEs whose market returns are too low to compare with BSE-SMEs?
OFFER AT A GLANCE
33.34 to 38.46 lakh shares of Rs 10 each
Offer on Total Equity
Rs 78 to Rs 90
Application Quantity
 
The Offer
Momai is making a fresh issue of Rs 30 cr through the book-building route with a price band of Rs 78 to Rs 90. Since the company has privately placed about 17.09 lakh shares (worth Rs 13.33 cr) with 83 high net worth public investors (HNIs) at Rs 78 a piece only a couple of weeks ago, it is most likely to fix the IPO price at the lower end of the band (Rs 78). In that case, the offer quantity would be 38.46 shares which would constitute 26.66% of the post-IPO capital of the company. The book running lead manager (BRLM) of the offer, Pantomath Capital Advisors, has underwritten the entire issue. Investors have to apply for a minimum of 1600 shares or Rs 124800. The shares are to be listed on the SME platform of NSE.
Issue Object
As per the offer document, Momai proposes to utilize Rs 7 cr towards acquisition of land for setting up new manufacturing facility and Rs 24 cr is earmarked for long term working capital. The new factory construction and plant & machinery are estimated to cost Rs 12 cr and Rs 7 cr respectively which are proposed to be met with a combination of bank debt, private placement proceeds and own funds. Nonetheless, the Rs 50 cr funding proposal has not been appraised by any independent agency and the deployment of funds is left to the discretion of the management.
Rating
Momai has been awarded 'CARE SME Fundamental Grade 4' by Credit Analysis and Research Ltd. The '4 out of 5' grade denotes for very good fundamentals. Incidentally, Ashapura Intimates, which has relatively better fundamentals, too received the same grade from CARE last year.
Parentage
Momai comes from the stable of Ashapura which offered shares to public in March last year at a price of Rs 40 a piece. Ashapura has fetched more than 275% capital appreciation to investors in one and a half years. The person behind Ashapura, Harshad Thakkar (37) reportedly entered into the intimate garments industry at the age of 18 and has acquired experience of 19 years. Thakkar's qualification might be just ‘schooling' but, his knowledge of intimate garment industry and business acumen is ‘ocean' size.
What is more, when the word ‘Valentine' was an anathema to some right wing groups in the country, Thakkar has boldly chosen the name for his brand and has nurtured it since 1998. In last three fiscals alone, nearly Rs 10 cr has been spent on the brand promotion. Thakkar manages his group in such a way that marketing and retailing is done under the public banner Ashapura Intimates Fashion, while Momai and other are contracted to cater to Ashapura's need.
A notable aspect of Ashapura group is that, unlike other garment players in the listed domain, investment in plant & machinery or production equipments are relatively very low. Against a group turnover of about Rs 150 cr, its investment in productive assets is less than Rs 1.5 cr.
Currently the group's manufacturing operations are concentrated around Bhiwandi, near Thane. The group now wants to shift all the production facilities to Gujarat and proposes to convert the Bhiwandi properties into godowns, warehousing their inventories.
As regards the performance of the group's maiden public venture, AIFL has posted positive cash flow from operations for the first time in FY14. On the back of steady increase in top line, AIFL's operating margin has improved from 9.1% in FY12 to 11% in FY14. Post-IPO, the company has enhanced the dividend from 5% to 7.5%. Currently the scrip is commanding a P/E of more than 55x which is close to the branded innerwear heavyweight Page Industries. 
PROMOTER'S PERFORMANCE: POST-ISSUE vs PRE-ISSUE
ASHAPURA INTIMATES

IRB Infra may test Rs 300: Hemen Kapadia02:00 pm
Hemen Kapadia of KR Choksey Securities told CNBC-TV18, "If investors are brave enough, one should buy more of  IRB Infrastructure at Rs 200-180. We are in a long-term uptrend but the correction is not yet over. In worst scenario at Rs 180 it might not go till there but anywhere between Rs 200-220 we could get support and nine months down the line the stock should be above Rs 300.”
IRB Infrastructure Developers ended at Rs 231.05, up Rs 0.15, or 0.06 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 275.50 and 52-week low Rs 74.20 on 08 July, 2014 and 30 January, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Jaiprakash Associates may slip to Rs 21-22: Sharmila Joshi02:00 pm
Sharmila Joshi of sharmilajoshi.com told CNBC-TV18, "Apart from the fact that the negative news flow today in their talks with  Reliance Power having failed,  Jaiprakash Associates is a company that is looking at a huge amount of debt. So, I would wait to see where the stock settles at and let the dust settle in on this and then take a call from there.”
“One could see levels of Rs 21-22 on the stock, so that could be the worse case scenario as far as I look at it but from a two year perspective,” she added.
RELATED NEWS

Nothing new in Shiv Sena s seat proposal  says BJP as alliance hangs in balance41
0
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party are keeping each other guessing even as the  last date of filing nomination for Maharashtra assembly elections nears. The alliance is hanging by the thread over the tussle over the number of seats the two parties would contest.
But the BJP is now saying that the Sena is coming up with the same proposal every time and there is no forward movement in the talks.
"The Sena still hasn't accommodated the alliance partners and us the way they should have. There is nothing new in the different proposals they are coming up with," BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis said on Thursday afternoon.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bharatiya janata party #bjp
The 25-year-old alliance which had swept Maharashtra in the recent Lok Sabha elections winning 41 out of the 48 seats is hanging by the thread after several days of intense wrangling over seat sharing for the Assembly elections scheduled for October 15.
The alliance appears to be in troubled waters as the Sena appeared miffed with the BJP chief cancelling his Mumbai visit. "We waited for two hours at the place where we were supposed to meet, but none of the BJP leaders approached us, After two hours of waiting, we were told that their party chief is not coming to Mumbai," said Sena leader Diwakar Raute.
BJP President Amit Shah had cancelled his Mumbai visit yet again on Thursday even as a late night meeting between the BJP and Shiv Sena failed to reach any solution. The Shiv Sena had in fact reached out to the BJP one last time on Thursday to try and settle the tussle. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray had spoken to BJP President Amit Shah as Shah cancelled his Mumbai visit.
Thackeray told Shah not to set very high goals and also asked him not to stretch the issue any further. Uddhav Thackeray also spoke to BJP's Maharashtra in-charge Om Mathur and asked for an announcement to be made as soon as possible.
The Shiv Sena had demanded 151 seats for itself, leaving 127 for the BJP. Thirteen seats had been offered to the smaller parties. The Sena had proposed this new formula at the talks that were held late on Wednesday night.
The smaller parties in the Mahayuti had issued an ultimatum of Thursday, 11 am to resolve the seat sharing issue. They were unhappy with the proposal of giving only seven seats to the smaller parties. The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana had rejected the Sena's offer of seven seats to them and had threatened to release their list of candidates. They were demanding 18 seats.
Earlier, the Sena had proposed 151 seats for itself and 130 for the BJP.
4

Indian scientists more religious than British peers: Survey9
0
London: Indian scientists are significantly more religious than their British counterparts, according to the first cross-national study of religion and spirituality among scientists.
The surveys and in-depth interviews with scientists showed that while 65 per cent of UK scientists identify as non-religious, only 6 per cent of Indian scientists identify as non-religious.
In addition, while only 12 per cent of scientists in the UK attend religious services on a regular basis, once a month or more 32 per cent of scientists in India do.
Indian scientists are significantly more religious than their British counterparts, says a survey.
#religion #survey #indian scientists #british scientists
"India and the UK are at the same time deeply intertwined historically while deeply different religiously," Elaine Howard Ecklund, Rice University's Autrey Professor of Sociology and the study's principal investigator, said.
"There is a vastly different character of religion among scientists in the UK than in India potentially overturning the view that scientists are universal carriers of secularisation," said Ecklund.
Despite the number of UK scientists identifying themselves as non-religious, 49 per cent of UK survey respondents acknowledged that there are basic truths in many religions.
In addition, 11 per cent of UK survey respondents said they do believe in God without any doubt, and another 8 per cent said they believe in a higher power of some kind.
Ecklund noted that although the UK is known for its secularism, scientists in particular are significantly more likely to identify as not belonging to a religion than members of the general population.
"According to available data, only 50 per cent of the general UK population responded that they did not belong to a religion, compared with 65 per cent of UK scientists in the survey," Ecklund said.
"In addition, 47 per cent of the UK population report never attending religious services compared with 68 per cent of scientists," said Ecklund.
According to the India survey, 73 per cent of scientists responded that there are basic truths in many religions, 27 per cent said they believe in God and 38 per cent expressed belief in a higher power of some kind.
However, while only 4 per cent of the general Indian population said they never attend religious services, 19 per cent of Indian scientists said they never attend.
"Despite the high level of religiosity evident among Indian scientists when it comes to religious affiliation, we can see here that when we look at religious practices, Indian scientists are significantly more likely than the Indian general population to never participate in a religious service or ritual, even at home," Ecklund said.
Although there appear to be striking differences in the religious views of UK and Indian scientists, less than half of both groups (38 per cent of UK scientists and 18 per cent of Indian scientists) perceived conflict between religion and science.
8

firm up its interest in SpursSpurs are planning to leave their current stadium at White Hart Lane for a new 56,250-capacity venue
25 September 2014 Last updated at 12:26
print
Tottenham Hotspur: US firm withdraws takeover interest
American investment company Cain Hoy has said it is no longer considering making an offer to buy Tottenham.
In September, the firm confirmed it was in the early stages of assessing an offer for the Premier League club.
But in a statement issued to the London Stock Exchange, the company said it had "terminated" its interest in a takeover bid and was "no longer considering making an offer".
Cain Hoy had until 10 October to firm up its interest or withdraw it.
Spurs are currently trying to finance a project to construct a new 56,250-capacity stadium.
When Cain Hoy confirmed their interest in a Tottenham takeover on 12 September, without the club's consent, Spurs swiftly issued a statement  saying they had met company representatives but added there were "no ongoing discussions".
What is Cain Hoy?
A newly established American private investment company focusing on global real estate, retail, media and entertainment
Chief executive is US-based Henry Silverman, a self-made hotels and car rental multi-millionaire
Head of European investments is London-born Jonathan Goldstein, who was leading the Spurs takeover assessment
Launched in 2014 with the support of - and a minority investment from - Guggenheim Capital, the parent company of Guggenheim Partners
Instead, the club said it was focused on the new stadium development and the season ahead.
When contacted by BBC Sport regarding Cain Hoy's withdrawal of interest, the club said it had nothing further to add.
Cain Hoy's latest statement, however, did leave open the prospect of the company renewing its interest after a six-month restriction, which comes into place with immediate effect in accordance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers.
Tottenham plan to move out of their White Hart Lane stadium by 2017, but a legal wrangle means they will have to find a temporary home venue for the 2017-18 season.
But West Ham would likely block any move from Spurs to ground-share at the Olympic Stadium, according to Hammers' vice-chairman Karren Brady.
Other potential ground-shares include Wembley and Stadium MK in Milton Keynes.
Also related to this story

a statement to the London Stock Exchange 
1.
Rule 8 of the Takeover Code (the "Code") sets out the circumstances in which Dealing Disclosures and/or Opening Position Disclosures are required to be made by the parties to an offer, persons acting in concert with them, persons with an interest in relevant securities of 1% or more and exempt principal traders ("EPTs") connected with the parties to an offer.
 
2.
Where an offeror is marked "Disclosure of dealings and positions in this offeror is not required", dealings and positions in relevant securities of that offeror are not required to be disclosed under Rule 8. This is either because it has been announced that the offer or possible offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash or because disclosure is not required for some other reason.
 
3.
Dealings and positions required to be disclosed under Rule 8 of the Code include dealings and positions in derivatives referenced to, and options in respect of, relevant securities of an offeree company and, where appropriate, an offeror (see Note 2 above).
 
4.
The information set out in the Disclosure Table relating to the relevant securities in issue of an offeree company or of an offeror (and any amendments thereto) has been extracted from the relevant announcement made by such company under Rule 2.10 of the Code. Similarly, details of any deadline set under Rule 2.6 by which a potential offeror must announce either a firm intention to make a bid or that it does not intend to make an offer (or, in the case of Rule 2.6(a), by which the Panel must consent to an extension of the deadline) has been extracted from the relevant announcement made by the offeree company.
 
5.
Additions and deletions of offeree companies and offerors are reflected in the Disclosure Table throughout the day, following the relevant announcement. Other amendments may also be made throughout the day. In any event, details of the classes of relevant securities issued by an offeree or offeror company, the number of such securities in issue ("NSI") and the International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") of such securities announced under Rule 2.10 of the Code before 5.00 p.m. each day will be included in the final version of the Disclosure Table by 5.30 p.m. that day. The final version of the Disclosure Table issued each day will be marked "Final" and persons required to make Dealing Disclosures and Opening Position Disclosures are advised to use that final version. Any changes to a potential offeror's Rule 2.6 deadline will also be reflected in the "Final" version of the Disclosure Table, although any such changes will not be shown in the "Amendments" section at the top of the Disclosure Table.
 
6.
Dealing Disclosures by the parties to an offer, persons acting in concert with them and connected EPTs must be made by no later than 12 noon on the business day following the date of the relevant dealing and Dealing Disclosures by persons with an interest in relevant securities of 1% or more must be made by 3.30 pm on the business day (as defined in the Code) following the date of the relevant dealing.
 
7.
Opening Position Disclosures by the parties to and offer and by connected EPTs must be made by no later than 12 noon on the 10th business day after the commencement of the offer period or the announcement that first identifies an offeror (as the case may be). Where required, Opening Position Disclosures by persons with interests in relevant securities of 1% or more must be made by no later than 3.30 pm on the 10th business day after the commencement of the offer period or the announcement that first identifies an offeror (as the case may be). Details of the time and date at which an offer period commenced and at which an offeror was first identified are set out in the Disclosure Table. In order to calculate the deadline for Opening Position Disclosures, it is therefore necessary to count forward 10 business days from the relevant date.
 
8.
Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures required under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service. A copy must also be sent to the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit by fax (+44 (0) 20 7236 7013) or by email (monitoring@disclosure.org.uk).
 
9.
This note is applicable if it says "See note 9 below" by the name of the company in the Disclosure Table above.  The Executive has granted the company a dispensation from the requirements under the Code that announcements must be published via a Regulatory Information Service. The company is instead required to publish all announcements on its website. The Executive has also granted a dispensation from Note 3 on Rule 8 of the Code that disclosures made under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a RIS. Therefore, Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures required under Rule 8 of the Code may be made to the company at the address stated in the announcement that commenced the offer period. A copy must also be sent to the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit by fax (+44(0)20 7236 7013)or by email (monitoring@disclosure.org.uk).
 
The following are approved Regulatory Information Services:
 
Business Wire Regulatory Disclosure provided by Business Wire
+44 (0)20 7626 1982
Announce provided by Hugin ASA
+44 (0)870 730 0046
News Release Express provided by Marketwire
+44 (0)20 7220 4500
PR Newswire Disclose provided by PR Newswire
+44 (0)20 7454 5241
RNS provided by the London Stock Exchange
+44 (0)20 7797 4400
marCo - Market Communication Office provided by Tensid Ltd of Switzerland
+41 41 763 0050
DGAP IR.COCKPIT provided by EquityStory AG
+49 89 21 02 98 - 50
 
This information is provided by RNS
The company news service from the London Stock Exchange
 

Social media  marketing and the power of  word of mouthSocial media, marketing and the power of 'word of mouth'
Suzanne Fanning
Suzanne Fanning is president of the Word of Mouth Marketing Association.
Suzanne Fanning is president of the Word of Mouth Marketing Association. (K Jay Photos)
By Kate MacArthur, Special to Blue Sky
'Companies need to worry less that this is my...Twitter strategy and more this is my people strategy.'
'If people don't tell you 'no,' you're probably not being innovative enough.'
As a public relations executive, Suzanne Fanning used word-of-mouth marketing to inspire crafters and gardeners to be passionate about the Fiskars brand. She later worked for Spectrum Brands Inc.’s Remington hair and grooming unit and direct seller Amway Corp.’s Nutrilite vitamins and Artistry cosmetics brands. Fanning, now president of the Chicago-based Word of Mouth Marketing Association, will give the keynote address on the future of going social at Social Media Week Chicago on Tuesday. She explains where the industry is headed and the importance of the word “no” in innovation.
Leaders need to look beyond downtown Chicago to propel the technology sector to the next level, the city’s two most prominent tech boosters said Monday. ( Amina Elahi )
Q. How has your mission evolved from bringing ethics and credibility to word-of-mouth marketing?
A. Now we focus on not only ethics, which still is the cornerstone of what we do, but education and training, public advocacy and demonstrating value. This year, we’re working with brands and agencies to determine the value of a consumer conversation, (doing) a six-figure study. We’ll release it in November at our summit in Los Angeles. We think we’ll make people realize how totally powerful the consumer conversation is.
Q. Is proving the value of word of mouth the biggest industry challenge?
A. It is definitely one of the biggest. The most important thing is making sure that you’re using it correctly and you’re measuring the right thing. When people judge their success by the number of likes, that’s just an activity metric. People really need to focus on engagement. It’s about people recommending (a brand to their) friends and being an advocate for a company for honest, genuine purposes, not because they’re being paid to say something.
0
Q. Where do you see the next wave of innovation?
A. Companies need to worry less that “This is my Facebook or Twitter strategy” and more “This is my people strategy,” because, as we’ve seen, platforms change.
Q. What’s your advice for better engagement?
A. Know your consumers. Provide the content they want. I tell companies to ask three questions: Who are my fans, where are my fans and why are they my fans? A recent study has shown us that the three main triggers to share content are emotional, functional and social.
Things that people are really emotional about, they’re going to want to share. Functional is this is how you cook this or fix that. People want to elevate their position in their social circle, (meaning) I’m going to want to share information from some company I follow because it will make me look better to my people.
Q. How have you approached risk and failure?
A. The things that I’m the most proud of in my career all started with someone telling me “No. It can't be done.” They started with, “You’re insane, and that will never work.”
If people don't tell you “no,” you’re probably not being innovative enough.
Q. How did you get past the “no?”
A. Sharing examples is the most powerful thing. I say, “Look at this example from Coca-Cola and this example from Al’s Hardware.” You can show how something works in a big way and a small way. You can take key elements of their campaign and say, “This is why it’s successful, how they’re connecting and you can see it worked incredibly. If we reach people in a different way, we’re going to be able to achieve scaled results for us.”
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Bloodbath on the bourses: Sensex crashes 431 pts  Nifty falls below 8 100stock exchanges
Worst drop for Sensex and Nifty in two-and-a-half months as realty, oil & gas, capital goods, metal and pharma segments lead the downslide; investor wealth drops more than Rs 1.63 lakh crore
Indian markets on Tuesday suffered a big jolt with Sensex crashing 431 points and Nifty plunging 129 points in their worst drop in two-and-a-half months following a sell-off in overseas markets on concerns over global growth.
Slower foreign fund inflow and profit-booking after the recent bull-run ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts on Thursday also weighed on domestic sentiments.
Over 2,100 stocks listed on the BSE fell on Tuesday, wiping out more than Rs 1.63 lakh crore in investor wealth.
Selling was seen across the board as all 12 sectoral indices closed in the red logging losses between 0.38 per cent and 4.91 per cent. Realty, oil & gas, capital goods, metal and pharma segments led the downslide.
On the global front, data spooked investors after data showed Eurozone’s private sector activity slowed again this month. This sent major European markets on a downward spiral.
In Asia, indices closed mixed with a downward bias after a survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a five-and-a-half year low even as manufacturing grew more than expectations in September.
Back home, the BSE 30—share barometer, after few minutes intro trading touched a high of 27,256.87 but fell soon on emergence of profit-booking. Heavy selling forced the index to conclude at 26,775.69, a steep fall of 431.05 points or 1.58 per cent. Previously, it had stumbled by 517.97 points or 1.98 per cent on July 8, 2014.
Similarly, the wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE tanked by 128.75 points or 1.58 per cent to end at 8,017.55.
This is its worst drop since July 8 when it fell 164 points.
“Markets fell sharply on the back of profit booking and negative global cues. The selling pressure gained momentum after data released on Eurozone economic activity indicated continuing weakness in the region,” said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President — Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Stocks like Cipla, Tata Motors, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Tata Power were major laggards on Tuesday. TCS, Sun Pharma, SBI, RIL, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Coal India fell sharply. Bucking the trend, stocks of Hindustan Unilever, ITC, Maruti Suzuki and NTPC gained.

James Dyson:  Spot something that s a bit of magicKeri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014
The Dyson 360 Eye robot vacuum sits on display at the Dyson Headquarters in Chicago.
The Dyson 360 Eye robot vacuum sits on display at the Dyson Headquarters in Chicago. (Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014)
Caption James Dyson
Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014
James Dyson talks about how previous robotic vacuums were blind to the rooms they were cleaning while speaking about the production of the Dyson 360 Eye.
James Dyson talks about how previous robotic vacuums were blind to the rooms they were cleaning while speaking about the production of the Dyson 360 Eye. (Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014)
By James Janega , Blue Sky Reporter contact the reporter
What does James Dyson want to build next? 'I'm going to be cagey about that.'
To run a product manufacturing company in an age of vaulting technology, British inventor James Dyson says his job requires an open mind and a long product pipeline, appreciation for the implications of new materials and which problems can be solved by new capabilities.
“They’re happening thick and fast now,” Dyson said. “We’re in a technology age.”
Dyson made the remarks at his company’s North American headquarters in Chicago last week.
James Dyson
James Dyson, founder of Dyson Ltd., talks innovations in engineering.
James Dyson, founder of Dyson Ltd., talks innovations in engineering.
See more videos
He spoke with Blue Sky Innovation during a gathering of his company’s executives and board members, on the heels of the company unveiling a new robotic vacuum in Japan.
The robotic Dyson 360 Eye employs new mobile and sensor technologies that suggest evolving product lines for the vacuum maker. As for what those might be, Dyson said, “I think I’m going to be rather cagey about that.”
Nevertheless, Dyson’s wide-ranging remarks sound a familiar chord for Chicago innovators: He speaks of the importance of technological advancement, of perseverance, balance and discovery, and of seeking novel ways to solve problems.

Warren Buffett s $750 million grocery billWarren Buffett's $750 million grocery bill
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 24, 2014: 4:51 AM ET
 
Tesco reports $408 million profit error
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Warren Buffett may be feeling rotten after investing in a British grocery chain that's gone bad.
His famed investment company, Berkshire Hathaway ( BRKA ), is the third biggest Tesco ( TSCDY ) shareholder, with a stake of almost 4%.
Tesco is the U.K.'s leading supermarket operator.
Berkshire is now nursing losses of about $750 million on the investment after the shares plunged by as much as 43% this year. It paid $1.7 billion for the stake.
Tesco issued a series of profit warnings this year as its sales shrank in the face of intense competition from lower cost rivals.
Its top management, including the CEO and finance chief, have been replaced.
The biggest shock came earlier this week when Tesco was forced to admit it had overstated profit forecasts for the first half by £250 million ($409 million).
It suspended four executives and called in auditors from Deloitte to conduct an investigation.
"Considering all the problems that Tesco is tackling at the moment ... poor internal accounting issues was the last thing it needed," said Alastair McCaig, a market analyst at IG in London. "A downgrade of 23% for its profit forecast is more than a minor issue."
Related: Wal-Mart holiday hiring lags rivals
Since the company reported the accounting bungle Monday, its shares have dropped by about 17% to an 11-year low, wiping roughly $5 billion off the firm's market value.
Buffett is unlikely to be panicking yet. His guiding principle has always been to find solid companies that will do well over the long-term -- for years, not just a few quarters. This "buy and hold" mentality has helped Berkshire prosper for more than four decades.
Berkshire Hathaway also owns a significant stake in Tesco competitor, Wal-Mart ( WMT ), as well as American Express ( AXP ), Coca-Cola ( KO ) and IBM ( IBM , Tech30 ), among others.
Berkshire did not respond to a request for comment.
Tesco's top two shareholders are Norges Bank and BlackRock ( BLK ).
First Published: September 23, 2014: 12:16 PM ET
Most Popular

Hackers break into AAI network  steal crucial informationHackers break into AAI network, steal crucial information
Tushar Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 23:36 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:40 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Hackers broke into the server of the country’s biggest airport operator, the Airports Authority of India (AAI), taking away crucial data and sending the government organisation into a tizzy.
AAI has filed an FIR with Delhi Police’s Cyber Crime Cell and ordered an internal probe to investigate the matter and trace the source of the attacks.
“A multi-level information security breach happened on the night of July 19. On examination it was noted that disk volumes have been deleted from the storage system,” AAI said in response to a query from HT.
“The disks have given to a specialist organisation for cloning and attempted data recovery,” AAI added.
On September 17, a high-level meeting chaired by the aviation secretary directed AAI to “switch over to NIC portal till their server becomes completely operational”.
On the morning of July 20 the ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system was found to be inoperative.
ERP contains all data relating to human resources, finance, material management and project system functions covering all of the 125 airports run by AAI across the country.
The system also handles payroll accounting for its nearly 19,000 employees. The system has also been integrated with the legacy systems such as electronic tendering and procurement system, airport information management system etc.
“A number of security steps such as dual-factor authentication with one-time password for all critical servers, storage and network devices have been put in place,” an official said.

Back to school for your money: risk0
Here are examples of nonsystematic risk:
Market Risk: If you are invested in any asset-stocks, bonds, commodities-you will be subjected to the risk of being dragged down with that overall market. Even the greatest company's stock will drop if the S&P 500 plummets.
Interest-rate risk: When interest rates change, many securities will be affected, but the most direct consequence will be seen in bonds. When interest rates increase, bond prices fall and conversely, when they decrease, bond prices rise.
Inflation risk: When prices rise, your dollar buys you less, reducing your purchasing power. Inflation can also reduce the value of your investments. For example, to keep pace with inflation and compensate for the loss of purchasing power, investors need to see an increase in their income from bonds. That means that existing bonds will lose value in a high inflation environment.
Currency risk: When you invest in international securities, the exchange rate between that country's currency and the U.S. can reduce your investment return.
Liquidity risk: How quickly can you unload a particular investment? That is the question that liquidity risk answers. Liquidity risk will be high for thinly traded or esoteric investments, which may not be easily sold.
Geopolitical risk is the possibility that instability or unrest in one or more regions of the world will affect investment markets. Terrorist attacks, war and pandemics are examples.
Here are examples of nonsystematic risk:
Management risk: When you invest in an individual stock, you are subjected to management or company risk. Poor management decisions, strategy missteps, or even external situations can have on a company's performance and, as a consequence, on the value of investments in that company. Even if you research a company carefully before investing and it appears to have solid management, strange things can happen that are out of an investor's control.
Credit risk, also called default risk, is the possibility that a bond issuer won't pay interest as scheduled or repay the principal at maturity. Credit risk may also be a problem with insurance companies that sell annuity contracts, where your ability to collect the interest and income you expect is dependent on the claims-paying ability of the issuer.
This is a list that might spook you, but remember, they have always been present, but you may have not been aware of them. That said, there is an easy way to guard, though not to eliminate, these risks. Your chief defense against systematic and nonsystematic risk is to utilize an asset allocation strategy, which spreads out your investments across securities that react differently to all of these.
(Jill Schlesinger, CFP, is the Emmy-nominated CBS News Business Analyst. A former options trader and CIO of an investment advisory firm, Jill covers the economy, markets, investing and anything else with a dollar sign on TV, radio (including her nationally syndicated radio show), the web and her blog, "Jill on Money." She welcomes comments and questions at askjill@moneywatch.com . Check her website at http://www.jillonmoney.com )
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC

Nine ways to become a Navratri fashionistalifestyle
Nine ways to become a Navratri fashionista
As countdown to Navratri begins, we bring to you nine fashion trends that capture the spirit of the festive season.
The bangles can go very well with colourful lehenga cholis The More the Merrier Bangle Set  (Source: renttherunway.com)
The bracelet will complete the elegant look (Source: gemln.in)
The bright chappals go well with the mood of the festive season (Source: Citywalk Shoes)
Navratri celebration is incomplete without these pretty dandiya sticks
These earrings go well with any traditional outfit: Antique Finish Ornate Hoop Earrings (Source: 9thelm.hardpin.com)
Henna is a must for Navratri celebrations
Pink and White Stone Studded Necklace Set: Pink and white imitation necklace set designed with stone and beads.
Navratri chaniya choli: Designer Indian Off White and kutchi Lace work Lehenga…(Source: etsy.com)
Navratri Chaniya choli Designer Indian Red and black Lace work Lehenga Choli (Source: etsy.com)
Related

Chinese smugglers get rich on iPhone 6Chinese smugglers make big bucks on iPhone 6
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 24, 2014: 6:11 AM ET
 
How much does your iPhone really cost?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Apple fans in mainland China are being made to wait for the iPhone 6 and smugglers are cashing in, marking up Hong Kong prices by as much as $1,000.
Two days after the iPhone 6 went on sale in Hong Kong, customs officers patrolling a backwater pier came across several men loading boxes into a speedboat.
When the officers approached, the men jumped into the boat and sped off, leaving behind 15 boxes packed with new iPhones.
The smuggling operation is just a small link in a much larger network built to satisfy massive demand for the phones in mainland China, where authorities have yet to approve the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) has not said when the new smartphones will go on sale in its second biggest market. State media reported last week that the iPhone 6 has not yet received a key license.
Smugglers have stepped in to fill the gap, charging top dollar for phones that are bought legitimately in Apple stores as far away as New York.
And they could be making a killing, as Apple devotees pay through the nose.
Related: Apple sells 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Pluses
On Wednesday, CNN found a few sellers outside an Apple store in Beijing.
One offered the new 16GB iPhone 6 for 11,000 yuan ($1800). And where did the phone come from? It was shipped from Hong Kong, he said. At that price, the smugglers would be making over $1,000 per phone.
Hong Kong, which has three Apple stores, is a key hub in the network -- designed in part to avoid China's import taxes. Customers leaving Apple stores in the city are sometimes offered two times the retail price by phone flippers hoping to make a quick buck.
Smuggling activity appears to be brisk. On Monday, customs officers found 20 new iPhones concealed in the axles of a container truck bound for the mainland.
According to local media, authorities across the border in Shenzhen seized more than 600 iPhones over a three day period. Nearly 40 mules have been caught at the city's ports.
Related: Xiaomi is China's new smartphone king
The China market is crucial for Apple, and the company's largest outside the United States. But the iPhone maker has stumbled there in recent years, losing ground in the smartphone race to rivals, including Xiaomi, that offer cheaper phones.
In a bid to expand its footprint, Apple signed a deal last year with China Mobile to offer the iPhone. China Mobile is the world's largest carrier by subscribers, with around 700 million users -- or more than twice the population of the U.S.
-- Vivian Kam and Dayu Zhang contributed reporting
First Published: September 24, 2014: 6:11 AM ET
Most Popular

Branson: Take as much vacation as you want!Branson: Take as much vacation as you want!
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 24, 2014: 1:18 PM ET
 
Branson's jaw-dropping vacation policy
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Billionaire businessman Richard Branson has just given his office staff a big reason to celebrate: they can now take as much vacation as they like.
Employees at Branson's Virgin Group can take unlimited vacation whenever they want, provided they work at one of the main offices in New York, London, Geneva or Sydney.
For now, the new policy will apply to roughly 160 employees.
Branson said Virgin subsidiaries would be encouraged to follow suit if the experiment is successful.
"Take a holiday whenever you want. Take as much holiday as you want. We're not going to keep a check on how much holiday you take," he said in a CNN interview.
Companies in which Virgin owns a stake, including Virgi n Galactic and Virgin America , employ as many as 40,000 people.
Related: Unlimited vacation days and other perks you don't get
However, the apparent giveaway may not be as generous at it seems.
The lack of a formal policy can leave some people feeling pressured to take less time off, rather than more.
Branson, who is also the author of 'The Virgin Way,' said in a blog post that he assumes staff will only take time off when they're up to date with their work, and feel their absence won't damage the business or their careers.
Branson said he was inspired by Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ), which gives its employees unlimited holiday time.
"Treat people as human beings, give them that flexibility and I don't think they'll abuse it. And they'll get the job done," Branson told CNN during a segment set to air on Erin Burnett OutFront later this week.
 
Vacation like a duchess at Chatsworth
Vacation policies are at the center of a debate about work-life balance as more employees routinely work late into the night on their smartphones.
Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim has called for a three-day work week . In return, workers would have to complete 11-hour days and stay on the job until age 70 or 75.
Policies on working time and vacation vary widely around the world.
European nations typically guarantee workers more down time than the U.S.
"The amount of holidays people are given in the States is dreadful," the British-born Branson told CNN. "How can you find time to get to know your children if you're working with very very little holiday time?"
First Published: September 24, 2014: 9:32 AM ET
Most Popular

Decision on natural gas prices deferred to Nov 15Govt postpones decision on revision of natural gas prices to Nov 15
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 11:27 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Days ahead of its own deadline for the revision of natural gas prices , the government on Wednesday postponed a decision on it by another 45 days to November 15.
The NDA government, after coming to power, had put off implementation of the previous UPA-regime approved Rangarajan formula, which would have at least doubled rates to $8.4 per million British thermal unit, till September 30 for holding wider consultations.
The Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi deferred a decision on the issue till November 15, Law and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters in New Delhi.
Incidentally, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley did not attend Wednesday's Cabinet meeting as he is yet to be discharged from the hospital where he was admitted on Sunday evening for a post-surgery check-ups.
The UPA government had in June last year approved a price formula suggested by a panel headed by C Rangarajan and re-confirmed it in December 2013 with certain conditions for Reliance Industries ' eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
The formula was to be implemented from April 1, 2014 but before a rate could be notified, general elections were announced and Election Commission asked the then government to defer it till completion of polls.
On June 25, the new BJP-led government deferred it for a further three months as it found doubling of rates as per the approved formula unpalatable.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had recently told Parliament that a new gas price will be announced by September end.
In August-end, the government constituted a four-member panel of secretaries to review the formula. The committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertiliser and expenditure with additional secretary in the Oil Ministry as its member secretary, last week submitted its recommendation on a new pricing mechanism.

Synthetic biology: India should not miss the boatAP Walgreen's pharmacy manager, Whitney Workman injects a costumer with the seasonal flu vaccine in Columbia, S.C.
TOPICS
biotechnology
Synthetic Biology in simple terms is the application of engineering principles to biology. Knowledge of the Human genome sequence led to the evolution of ‘omics’ sciences (genomics, proteomics, metabolomics etc). This resulted in the analysis of almost every conceivable metabolite within the cell, permitting a global reductionist view of the living cell.
By the turn of the new millennium a small group of engineers, physicists, computer scientists and biologists came together and wondered whether engineering principles can be applied to study and manipulate living cells for productive purposes.
A convenient starting point was to create simple gene regulatory circuits to carry out specific functions like electrical circuits. Digital integrated circuits contain arrays of logic gates and digital devices are becoming smaller and smaller with performing ever-complicated functions with ever-increasing speeds. So, what is the relevance?
In Engineering the parts of a machine would consist of wires, transistors, relays, valves, diodes, electronic switches etc.
In biological machines, the parts would be genes, proteins, RNAs, promoters, inducers, repressors etc. In simple terms an activator molecule would turn on the switch to make a protein that can act as an activator or repressor (on or off) switch of another pathway.
An array of such linked pathways can be made to generate circuits that can give the desired output in terms of a new molecule or a new function. The difference between electronic circuits and biological circuits is that the former functions as an independent assembly, whereas the latter has to function within a living cell.
Thus, the former can function forever as long as the parts are certified, but the latter can be dampened by possible unexpected interactions within the cell. In addition, while the parts used in an engineered machine can be certified (CE certification), the challenge is to have certified gene components in a Registry of Standard Biological Parts (RSBP) and provide the Biobricks for assembly.
All these initiatives have been taken at the global level. Thus, efforts are underway to assemble modular parts and develop methods to construct and tune particular circuit designs. So, what is the outcome?
Synthetic Biology in microbial systems can generate microbial factories to produce drugs, vaccines, fuel components and other chemicals with diverse applications and many global companies are involved in this effort. The most often quoted success story is the production of artemisinin, a powerful antimalarial drug, in yeast at a commercial level. Microorganisms have been constructed that can act as sensors to detect a toxin in vitro or in vivo. There are fancy ideas to create organisms capable of carrying out artificial photosynthesis.
The hype
The hype is to construct new organisms performing unique functions: processing signals, storing information and carry out analogue functions, steps towards making biological machines and computers. Synthetic biology of higher organisms, including mammalian systems is also gaining speed.
MNCs are getting into the act in a big way and regulatory issues are coming into the fore. The environmental and health concerns in case of accidental escape of these engineered organisms as well as deliberate bioterrorism concerns have been raised.
Patent and trade related issues, bio-hackers on the job, philosophical and ethical concerns regarding creation of artificial life have all been recognized. An International Risk Governance Council (IRGC) with all stake holders is in place. So, what should India do?
We need to build interdisciplinary research teams and also create a new institute to foster the area. iGEM (International Genetically Engineered Machines) is an international synthetic biology competition that was started for undergraduate university students, but now expanded to high school students and entrepreneurs. iGEM evolved out of student projects at MIT, USA and the first competition was held in 2004 at MIT with 5 teams and this number has increased to 254 for 2014 with teams from all over the globe.
There are 84 teams from Asia with China accounting for as many as 50. I found only one team from India: IIT, Delhi! We need academia-industry collaboration to embark on innovation and move beyond reverse engineering.
G. PADMANABAN

Jimmy John s reveals breach of credit  debit dataJimmy John's reveals breach of credit, debit data
Jimmy John's data breach
Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune
A customer walks into a Jimmy John's located at 3328 N. Clark St., in Chicago. This location, along with three others in Chicago, is among 216 Jimmy John's that have had a data breach involving credit and debit card information.
A customer walks into a Jimmy John's located at 3328 N. Clark St., in Chicago. This location, along with three others in Chicago, is among 216 Jimmy John's that have had a data breach involving credit and debit card information. (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune)
Tribune report
Paid with plastic at Jimmy John's this summer? You could be vulnerable
Jimmy John's believes an intruder set off data breach this summer
Jimmy John's said it has learned of a data breach involving credit and debit card data at 216 of its locations, including four in Chicago and more than a dozen in the suburbs.

Federal student loan defaults are down  but its not clear whyBy Jonnelle Marte September 24 Follow @jonnelle
(Photo from Flickr user Visha Angelova used under Creative Commons license)
Fewer people are defaulting on student loans within a few years of leaving school, the Department of Education announced Wednesday.
The three-year default rate on federal loans fell to 13.7 percent  for people who left school in 2011, down from 14.7 percent for 2010., but higher than the 13.4 percent of people who defaulted on payments within three years after leaving school in 2009.
Default rates dropped among all types of schools, with the biggest change seen for people who went to for-profit schools. However, those students still had the highest default rates, with 19.1 percent of students defaulting on payments within three years of leaving school. And nearly half of the 650,000 people who defaulted in 2011,  or 44 percent, went to for-profit colleges.
The department touted the expansion of flexible repayment options, such as the Income Based Repayment Plan, which caps payments at 10 or 15 percent of a borrower’s income. The department also said it is looking at ways to better inform students about their repayment options before their bills come due. But analysts and economists say the policy changes don’t fully explain the drop.
“The decline in overall rates is almost certainly the result of multiple things,” said Pauline Abernathy, vice president of the Institute for College & Success.
For one, the economy is improving, Abernathy says. As more recent college graduates land jobs, it makes sense that more of them could pay back their loans. (Still, many of those jobs don’t require college degrees , causing some grads to feel underemployed.)
And the drop may not necessarily mean that more people are better about repaying their loans, says Ben Miller, a senior policy analyst for the New America Foundation. Some people may be avoiding default through options like deferment and forbearance, which delay payments, without requiring them to pay down their loans, he says. Some schools are also growing better at steering people to those programs to reduce their own default rates, he says.
The lower default rate may be also partly explained by a recent change to the way rates are calculated. The department announced this week that it reduced the default rates for some schools that were at risk of having their access to federal financial aid restricted because of high default rates. The changes were related to borrowers paying multiple loans who may have defaulted on one loan but continued to make payments on another loan, but the department said the number of students in that situation is minor.
The Department of Education has been criticized for not doing enough to make sure borrowers are steered to the right repayment option after falling into default. After a critical report from the Office of the Inspector General pointed out that the department doesn’t penalize debt collectors who have a high number of consumer complaints, the department announced last summer that it would start reducing payments for such collection agencies. It’s too soon to know yet how much those complaints will affect payments.
Department officials also announced in August that they were revamping their contracts with student loan servicers, which handle the billing and other services in the fund, to encourage them to provide counseling. The changes also put greater emphasis on customer satisfaction when evaluating loan servicers.
That said, many students are benefiting from the expansion of income-based repayment options. Most people with federal student loans may qualify for a version of the program. Workers who take public sector jobs or who go to work for nonprofits may see their debt forgiven after 10 years of qualifying payments. The rest may see debt forgiven after 20 or 25 years of payments, depending on the program. Borrowers need to apply through their loan servicers or by signing up through Studentloans.gov.
Read more:

O Hare on pace to take back  world s busiest airport  titleO'Hare on pace to take back 'world's busiest airport' title
United Airlines planes
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
United Airlines traffic at O'Hare International Airport.
United Airlines traffic at O'Hare International Airport. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Air Transportation Air Transportation Industry O'Hare International Airport Public Officials Federal Aviation Administration U.S. Department of Transportation Midway Airport
O’Hare International Airport is on pace to again be the world’s busiest airport, a designation it lost a decade ago, Chicago city officials said Wednesday.
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport wrestled the top honor away from O'Hare in 2005 and has retained it since, according to the official flight count by the Federal Aviation Administration. O'Hare previously had bragging rights to the title since the dawn of the Jet Age, when it surpassed the number of flights at Midway Airport, which had been the leader.
Traveler who just arrived at O'Hare talks about evacuation situation
Scott Gustin with Tribune Broadcasting talks on the phone with WGN Midday News.
Scott Gustin with Tribune Broadcasting talks on the phone with WGN Midday News.
See more videos
From January to August of this year, 585,517 flights departed or landed at O’Hare, according to the FAA. However, Atlanta’s airport was not far behind, at 582,138, or 0.6 percent fewer. Atlanta edged out O’Hare by 3 percent in 2013.
City officials say part of the move is due to international passenger volume, which through the first half of the year rose 8 percent at O’Hare, to 5.2 million passengers. In the last 18 months, O’Hare and Midway airports together added six new international airlines and dozens of destinations, according to the city.
This article is a day too late.
erachel1

Citizens Shares Rise in DebutAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Happy New Year to our Jewish readersComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Ford to Add 1 200 Workers at Missouri PlantAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

To Settle or Fight in Court in GM Recall SagaAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Gas Explorers Fall After Price Hike DelayedYou are here: Home Market
Gas Explorers Fall After Price Hike Delayed
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 09:54 (IST)
Shares of oil and gas explorers fell on Thursday after government delayed decision on gas price hike.
India said on Wednesday it would take a decision by November 15.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp fell 2.2 per cent, Oil India Ltd was down 0.9 per cent.
Reliance Industries Ltd fell 0.7 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Key to lower credit card interest rate is easier than you think8
The report, released this week by CreditCards.com, found that nearly 90 percent of cardholders who asked their credit card issuers to waive a late payment fee were successful. The report also found that two-thirds of cardholders who asked for a lower rate were approved.
More young adults afraid of opening credit card accounts
Clark Howard has the good and bad about not having credit cards.
Clark Howard has the good and bad about not having credit cards.
See more videos
“We were surprised with the success rate,” said Matt Schulz, CreditCards.com’s senior industry analyst. “ It’s probably the best time in years to ask credit card issuers for a break.” 
But only about one-fourth of the credit card holders queried for the report asked for a break on their credit card bills.
Only 28 percent of U.S. cardholders have asked for a late fee to be waived.  And only 23 percent have asked for a lower interest rate.
“I don’t think [people] realize how good of a chance they have at being successful,” Schulz said. “It’s as simple as that.”
cComments
I got a late fee waived, but it's still reported to the credit bureaus. The fee was their fault, too. I never had a late payment, but then they randomly moved up my due date to mess with me. So then my payment was "late" that month and they kindly agreed to waive it "just...
Wendy Darling1

Will Saradha do to Mamata what Bofors did to Rajiv GandhiWill Saradha do to Didi what Bofors did to Rajiv?
Avijit Ghosal , Hindustan Times  Kolkata , September 25, 2014
First Published: 12:08 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:19 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
1984: Rajiv Gandhi-led Congress wins 404 seats in a 533-seat Lok Sabha (76% of the seats).
1986: A $285 million contract is signed between Swedish arms company Bofors and Indian government for the supply of howitzers.
April 1987: Swedish radio alleges kickbacks have been paid to top Swedish and Indian politicians to secure the deal; media is flooded with reports that Rajiv Gandhi is one of the direct beneficiaries.
1989: Congress bites the dust in the Lok Sabha polls. Ends up with just 197 seats.
 
Cut to 2011: Mamata Banerjee leads Trinamool Congress to a stunning victory in West Bengal, winning 187 of the 293 seats (64% of the seats)
2013-14: Saradha scam explodes; media full of reports that top Trinamool leaders are direct beneficiaries. Her own party MP labels Mamata Banerjee as the “biggest beneficiary”.
Comparisons in politics are odious, but there are some chilling similarities. At a perception level, the Saradha muck is sticking to Trinamool Congress leaders, but more importantly to chief minister Mamata Banerjee as well.
 
If politics is 99% perception, 1% reality, as paraded, this could hurt Banerjee much like it hurt her ‘early life mentor in the Congress’ 25 years ago.
 
Like Rajiv Gandhi, Banerjee also came to power riding on a corruption-free image. For many, incorruptible is the word associated with her.
Rajiv Gandhi's tenure as prime minister was hurt by allegations over Bofors gun deal. (HT file photo)
The shadow of the Saradha chit fund scam, however, is hounding her government unlike any other challenge she has encountered in her stint in power so far.
 
One of the factors that drove Banerjee’s historic sweep in the 2011 assembly elections in Bengal was the image of a woman who preferred to lead an austere, almost ascetic, life to serve the people.
 
She was someone who did not need much beyond a coarse saree, rubber slippers, a functional watch, a jhola and a few hairpins to keep her oiled hair in place, apart from endless cups of tea and a few helpings of puffed rice.
 
“It’s this image, the trump card of the party that has got sullied in the Saradha storm,” says a top executive of a foreign firm in Kolkata.
 
This executive, who used to work as a senior bureaucrat, thinks the erosion of this advantage is a setback to the entire package of beliefs that ‘Brand Mamata’ represents.
 
As 2014 tentatively pushed into autumn, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers raised the slogan “Gali gali me shor hai, Mamata Banerjee chor hai”. This was hitherto unthinkable in Kolkata, and anywhere in Bengal, and perhaps even beyond.
 
Apart from heralding a completely new era in the way the opposition addresses Banerjee, this slogan also immediately revived memories of Left sloganeering in 1986-87 in the city when the Bofors kickbacks began to badger Gandhi.
 
Courts have failed to establish any links between the two, but India’s modern political history shows the shadow has never truly vanished.
 
It is the same history that raises the crucial question — will Banerjee pay as heavy a political price as Gandhi had 25 years ago?
 
Despite the rising clamour in media and civil society, Trinamool leaders cite electoral results to suggest otherwise. 
 
Banerjee won the 2013 panchayat elections with a thumping majority and had to settle for a 1:1 split with the BJP in the 2014 Lok Sabha by-elections.
 
“The panchayat polls in June-July 2013 came in the thick of the Saradha scam and were held in the belts where the Saradha victims lived. But we won 13 out of the 17 zilla parishads, establishing complete dominance over all three tiers – gram panchayats, panchayat samitis and zilla parishads,” said one of her senior ministers who did not want to be named.
 
The opposition, however, points out that the probes did not pinpoint ruling party leaders as the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is doing now.
 
They hope more and more Trinamool leaders and ministers will be dragged into the investigation before the state heads of assembly polls in 2016.
 
But then most leaders admit turning sentiment into votes requires organisation across the state, something that none of the opposition parties has at the moment.
 
Samik Bhattacharya, the first BJP MLA to win in Bengal on his own, is not pulling his punches.
 
“It (Saradha) will cost Mamata more dearly. Rajiv Gandhi had a century-old party with a structure to fall back on. Trinamool Congress is a one-person party. The entire system will collapse once the leader’s image is gone,” he says.
 
Political analysts are guarded.
 
“It’s quite likely that Saradha may turn out to be Mamata Banerjee’s Bofors. Let me tell you, anti-incumbency has already set in among a large and growing section of the urban voters. It will take some time to spread to the rural sections,” says Amal Mukhopadhyay, retired principal of Presidency College and a professor of political science.
 
“But in 2016, I don’t rule out a thinning of the thumping majority that Trinamool enjoys in the current assembly,” he adds.
 
The problem with Bengal’s ruling party is, it is yet to refute with logic and evidence the perception that its leaders are deeply involved in the Saradha scam.
 
As the scam exploded in Bengal in April 2013, the opposition immediately started alleging the entire plot was aided and abetted by leaders of the ruling party.
 
There were too many signs all around – Trinamool leaders regularly graced Saradha programmes and sung paeans to its chairperson Sudipta Sen, the kingpin of the scam.
 
A clutch of newspapers and TV channels owned by the group unquestionably campaigned for the ruling party. Even the chief minister was seen in more than one Saradha programme.
 
Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee was the first to coin a catchy phrase: “Agey uni chilen satatar pratik, ekhon hoyechen Saradhar pratik” (Earlier she was the symbol of honesty, now she is the symbol of Saradha).”
 
As 2013 drew to a close, worse followed. Banerjee’s own party MP, who was also the CEO of Saradha’s media business, alleged the CM held secret a meetings at Delo tourist lodge in Kalimpong (North Bengal hills) with Sen, in which he was present along with party general secretary Mukul Roy.
 
“She was the biggest beneficiary of the entire exercise,” alleged Kunal Ghosh publicly. Over the past one year, none from the party logically refuted what Ghosh claimed, apart from labelling it as the ranting of a ‘thief’.
A suspended Trinamool Congress MP has alleged Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee was the biggest beneficiary of the Saradha scam. (HT file photo)
The CBI investigation into Saradha has reinforced public perception.
 
Between the Enforcement Directorate and the CBI, as many as six Trinamool MPs have been summoned; Kunal Ghosh and another party leader are in jail; and the textile minister and two assistants of the transport minister have been interrogated.
 
What’s more, another Rajya Sabha MP who heads a chit fund himself is under the scanner of the ED. And just two days ago, Sudipta Sen's driver told in public that he drove Sen to Trinamool general secretary Mukul Roy's office a mere four days before he escaped from Kolkata on April 9 last year when the Saradha empire was crumbling all around him.  And on April 7, another Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikari visited Sen at late in the night for a long meeting at the group's office.
 
Worse still, another MP has been accused of having ties with the Jamaat-e-Islami and channeling Saradha funds to the fundamentalist group in Bangladesh.
Trinamool chief Banerjee, who finds herself grappling with a raging controversy, has, however, maintained that the Left Front is to be blamed for the chit fund menace in Bengal, as most of such companies had begun operations in the previous regime.   

http://usat.ly/1yrVP3IFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow up 154 as stocks end 3-day slide
Stocks were higher in morning trading Wednesday as investors hope to shake off a recent decline that saw the Dow drop more than 100 points for two straight days.
Post to Facebook
Dow up 154 as stocks end 3-day slide Stocks were higher in morning trading Wednesday as investors hope to shake off a recent decline that saw the Dow drop more than 100 points for two straight days. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pcUe8n
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow up 154 as stocks end 3-day slide
David Carrig, USA TODAY 4:25 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Video Keywords New York Yankees Chicago bear stock market S&P 500 Alibaba Syria Europe China
USA TODAY'S Adam Shell talks about the market's 3-day losing streak.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:07  The stock market kicks off the day sporting a three
00:10  day losing streak. And nobody likes losing streaks not New York
00:13  Yankees fans or Chicago bear fans or certainly not fans of
00:17  the stock market. Hi I'm -- shell of USA today. The
00:21  stock market is looking tired all the -- like a marathon
00:24  runner -- -- too much and is now at a gas
00:27  the market is starting to look tired. And the fatigue set
00:30  in on Friday the day after the market hit its 34
00:34  record close of the year on Friday. Optimism was high --
00:38  Bob -- is in full swing and investors were making money.
00:42  Then the jitters said and you can blame the hangover run
00:45  Alibaba you can blame. Bad economic data in Europe you can
00:49  blamed bombing of and Syria and you can also blamed weak
00:52  economic news in China. The bottom line is the market is
00:55  acting badly. Big stocks are struggling small caps are getting killed
01:00  tech stocks are down 2% since the Alibaba IPO. And even
01:04  blue chips are down. The S&P 500 is trying to avoid
01:08  its first forty losing streak this year. And the Dow is
01:11  coming up to 100 point decline is that's the first time
01:15  that's happened since June. Tech stocks are also getting hit hard.
01:19  The question is level the slide end. Investors don't really know
01:23  but the reality is the momentum is lost in the market
01:26  currently the question is will investors buy the dip again. Stay
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
30 CONNECT 117 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks rallied Wednesday as the Dow ended up more than 150 points and the S&P 500 broke a three-day losing streak.
The gains came as investors remain cautious about the Middle East conflict and U.S.-led airstrikes against Islamic State.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.9% -- 154 points -- to 17,210.06 as the blue-chip index recouped some of the losses generated from two straight days of more than 100-point drops.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.8% to 1998.30 and the Nasdaq composite index rose 1% to 4555.22. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq had seen three straight days of losses.
In economic news, new-home sales surged 18% in August and rose to the highest level since May 2008.
Aug. new home sales surge, highest in 6 years
Among the day's movers:
• Shares of Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBY) jumped 7.4% after the retailer reported earnings that beat Wall Street expectations.
• KB Home (KBH) dropped 5.3% after the homebuilder posted higher profit but fell short of analysts' estimates.
• Wal-Mart (WMT) said it will begin offering a checking account service in partnership with Green Dot (GDOT) that would simplify customer fees. Wal-Mart rose 2% and Green Dot surged 24.4%.
European stocks were higher Wednesday, recovering some from the previous day's steep losses. Germany's DAX index rose 0.7% to 9661.97 and France's CAC 40 index jumped 1.3% to 4413.72. Britain's FTSE index was up 0.4% to 6706.27.
In Asia, stock markets were mixed as Japan's Nikkei index dropped 0.2% to 16,167.45 and Hong Kong's Hang Send rose 0.4% to 23,921.61.
Stocks fell Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as the U.S.-led airstrikes began against the Islamic State. The Dow dropped 0.7% to 17,055.87 and the S&P 500 fell 0.6% to 1982.77. The Nasdaq fell 0.4% to 4508.69.

Royal Bank of Scotland Chairman to Step DownAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

http://usat.ly/1urFqJTWal-Mart introduces checking account service
Walmart is partnering with Green Dot to launch personal banking service
Post to Facebook
Wal-Mart introduces checking account service Walmart is partnering with Green Dot to launch personal banking service Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1spJnyS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Wal-Mart introduces checking account service
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 7:23 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Video Keywords Wal-Mart Brittany Umar direct deposit MasterCard New York
Walmart is now offering GoBank, a checking account product from Green Dot Bank. The company says its checking accounts don't have overdraft, minimum balance or monthly fees with qualifying direct deposits of $500 a month. Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  The next time you shop at Wal-Mart the retailer want
00:02  you to pick up and checking account while Maher is now
00:05  offering go bank at checking account product from green got bank.
00:09  The company said that checking -- don't have overdraft minimum balance
00:12  or monthly fees with qualifying direct deposit of 500 dollars a
00:16  month. Wal-Mart US senior vice president of service says Daniel Acker
00:20  said. Adding that go bank checking account you are down meet
00:23  our customer while hot exclude the fact that the one of
00:26  them both a portable. Ink was that an -- he's checking
00:29  account in the industry. Green dot believed customers will find low
00:33  -- among the most attractive features of the -- bank checking
00:36  account with will be linked to MasterCard debit card. It also
00:40  both easy money management are on the go consumers like pay
00:43  anyone bill pay and budgeting tool. As well as early payroll
00:47  direct deposit and then bite on spending from go thanks fortune
00:50  teller feature. The product will be available nationwide at the end
00:54  of October. In New York I'm Brittany Umar and history.
Wal-Mart says it'll introduce a checking account service through Green Dot.
(Photo: AP)
257 CONNECT 96 TWEET 69 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Wal-Mart is getting into personal banking.
In a partnership with Green Dot, Wal-Mart announced Wednesday that it'll launch a checking account service that will be linked to a MasterCard debit card and simplify fees paid by customers.
Available at Walmart stores by the end of October, GoBank will charge $8.95 a month but will waive the fee if customers consent to a monthly direct deposit of $500. Other fees that are associated with "free" checking accounts at commercial banks — for overdraft, not maintaining a minimum balance or writing bad checks — are waived, it says.
Customers can also use a network of 42,000 ATMs without paying withdrawal fees, it says.
"GoBank is breaking down the barriers to traditional banking and brings the benefits of a FDIC-insured checking account that's loaded with features to a large segment of Americans," says Steve Streit, founder and CEO of Green Dot.
Wal-Mart has broadened its in-store services over the years, adding health care clinics, tax services and money transfers. But it saw an opportunity to expand financial and banking-related services for budget-minded customers who sought to avoid fees and credit checks.
The service is largely aimed at customers who are unable to land traditional bank accounts due to low credit scores and other financial issues. With many banks now requiring a credit check, many paycheck-to-paycheck customers turn to check-cashing companies or other financial-service providers that charge exorbitantly high fees.
Wal-Mart offers lower-fee money transfer service
"GoBank gives our customers yet another option as to how they manage their money," says Daniel Eckert, senior vice president of services for Walmart U.S., in a statement.
Wal-Mart and Green Dot noted that an independent study by Bretton Woods estimates that consumers pay about $218 to $314 a year for a basic checking account.
GoBank, which is insured by FDIC, will also offer other services that are common at other banks, including bill pay, a debit MasterCard and a free money-transfer service that can be used among GoBank customers.
Customers wishing to sign up will not undergo a credit check, but GoBank uses "proprietary underwriting techniques to allow almost any consumer who passes ID verification to open an account," it says.
Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) rose 2% to close at $77.08 on Wednesday, and Green Dot (GDOT) surged 24.4% to $23.41.
257 CONNECT 96 TWEET 69 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1spJnyS
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Global Stocks Higher as US Data Boost SentimentAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Narendra Modi hopes visit to US will mark a new chapter in tiesPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:23 pm
Embarking on a high-profile visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday described the US as India’s “vital partner” and said that he was confident that his trip will bridge “many divisions” and mark a “new chapter” in the strategic ties.
In a pre-deparature statement, Modi said he will discuss with President Barack Obama how the ties can be taken to a “new level” in the interest of the two countries as well as of the world.
Showering praise on Obama, Modi described his life’s journey as “a remarkable testimony” to the rights and opportunities that democracies provide, and an “inspiration” for people around the world.
“I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation – and, above all, a shared commitment to human values,” the Prime Minister said.
In his address at the 69th session of the UN General Assembly on Saturday, Modi said he will call for a stronger global commitment and more concerted multilateral action in addressing challenges of fragile global economy, turbulence and tension in many parts of the world, growth and spread of terrorism, the Ebola health crisis in Africa, climate change and eradication of poverty.
The Prime Minister said he will call for early adoption of the Post-2015 Development Agenda with a focus on growth, development and elimination of poverty.
“I will also stress the urgency of early reforms in the United Nations, to ensure that it remains relevant and effective in dealing with the challenges of the 21st Century,” he said.
Noting that India has been showing unwavering commitment to multilateral processes to advance peace and security and promote inclusive economic growth, he said India’s contribution to UN peacekeeping operations over decades was a strong testimony of its efforts in helping the world body realise its objectives.
Modi will have a stopover in Frankfurt tonight and will reach New York tomorrow.
Talking about ties with the US, the Prime Minister exuded confidence that his visit will further boost cooperation while noting that the shared values, convergent interests and complementary strengths provide the foundation for natural partnership between the “world’s oldest and largest democracies”.
“I will discuss with President Obama how we can use the strength of all that we share and all that we have built so far to take our relationship to a new level in the interest of our two countries and the cause of this world. I am confident that the visit will mark the start of a new chapter in our strategic partnership,” he said.
Modi would be meeting as many as 11 top corporate honchos over breakfast on September 29 apart from one-on-one meetings with six more business captains the same day in New York. He will continued…

Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900  Sensex tanks 276 ptsSep 25, 2014, 03.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
TCS, GAIL, Dr Reedy's Labs, Infosys and Cipla are top gainers while Axis Bank, Hindalco, SBI, BHEL and Reliance are major losers.
03:20 pm Market check
The market has recovered a bit.  The Sensex is down 256.82 points or 0.9 percent at 26487.87 and the Nifty is down 84.75 points or 1 percent at 7917.65. About 613 shares have advanced, 2334 shares declined, and 84 shares are unchanged.
3:05 pm Nifty has breached 7900 for the first time in one month. The Nifty is down 122.00 points or 1.5 percent at 7880.40 just ahead of the August F&O series and the Sensex is down 389.42 points or 1.46  at 26355.27. About 593 shares have advanced, 2312 shares declined, and 80 shares are unchanged. 
03:00pm Market Check
The market turnover today crossed the Rs 7 lakh crore mark for the first time ever.
The Sensex fell 282.34 points or 1.06 percent to 26462.35, and the Nifty shed 85.20 points or 1.06 percent to 7917.20. About 622 shares have advanced, 2268 shares declined, and 86 shares are unchanged.
02:50pm Hindalco's clarification on coal verdict
After the Supreme Court cancelled 214 of 218 coal block allocations done from the period of 1993 to 2010, Hindalco Industries said the company had been allocated four coal blocks namely Mahan coal block jointly with Essar Power, Tubed coal block jointly with Tata Power, Talabira II & III coal blocks jointly with Mahanadi Coal Fields and Nayveli Lignite Corporation, and Talabira I coal block.
According to the company, Mahan, Tubed and Talabira II & III coal blocks are not yet in operation while Talabira I coal block feeds coal to the power plant which supplies power to Company's Hirakud Smelter.
02:40pm Interview
The Supreme Court ruling which proposed de-allocation of coal blocks has made the banking sector nervous, raising fears that this will add to their bad debt problem.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, CVR Rajendran, CMD, Andhra Bank, says the bank has exposure worth Rs 4,346 crore to 14 companies impacted by the SC ruling.
He says the bank can look for restructuring of assets, if required. So far the court has given a 6-month breather. In case the government comes out with a coal allocation policy within that stipulated time, and if the coal blocks get re-allocated to these companies, then the move may not have a major impact on the bank’s balance sheet, says Rajendran.
02:30pm FII view on gas price and coal issue
While the Supreme Court’s verdict on coal block removes uncertainty, the negative aspect of the verdict is that coal block allocation will go back by 20 years , says Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, he says that India is hurting from the data put out by the CAG which make no sense.
According to Sanger, India’s power sector continues to be plagued by immense uncertainties and that the power sector is grappling with issues of coal linkage and broke discoms. He feels that the government’s decision to defer gas price hike is a bigger negative than coal block de-allocation ruling.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks are headed towards week closing for the third consecutive session today. The Sensex fell 197.44 points to 26547.25 and the Nifty dropped 58.40 points to 7944 on expiry day.
The broader markets too declined further with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices losing 1.6 percent and 2.3 percent, respectively. About 678 shares have advanced while 2135 shares declined on the BSE.
Taher Badshah, Sr. VP & Fund Manager, Motilal Oswal AMC advises investing in stocks that have seen steep corrections. Furthermore, he sees opportunities in PSU banking stocks that have recently corrected.
Shares of Reliance Industries, ICICI Bank, ONGC, State Bank of India, Axis Bank, Hindalco Industries, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite and BHEL plummeted 3-6 percent.
However, FMCG, technology and pharma stocks (so called defensives) outperformed. TCS topped the buying list, up 2.6 percent followed by Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs with 2 percent gains. Infosys, L&T, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto and Maruti gained 0.3-1 percent.
13:00

AirAsia to fly Mumbai  Delhi; eyes 20 planes by 2015Sep 25, 2014, 03.48 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
AirAsia to fly Mumbai, Delhi; eyes 20 planes by 2015
In an exclusive interview to CNBC-TV18’s Farah Bookwala, Fernandes said the airline industry has done a poor job of convincing the Centre and the state governments and that India is the only country which has such huge levies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
AirAsia to fly Mumbai, Delhi; eyes 20 planes by 2015
In an exclusive interview to CNBC-TV18’s Farah Bookwala, Fernandes said the airline industry has done a poor job of convincing the Centre and the state governments and that India is the only country which has such huge levies.
Post your opinion here
I am getting people who are seeing the benefits of air travel, seeing that air travel isn’t just for the rich but also for the common man
Tony Fernandes
CEO
Air Asia
AirAsia India will start operating on the Mumbai and Delhi route soon, group chief executive officer Tony Fernandes said on Thursday, adding that the network schedule preparation is underway.
AirAsia India, a three-way venture between Malaysia-based AirAsia Berhad, Tata Group and Delhi-based investment firm Telestra Tradeplace, had launched its maiden flight on June 12 from Bangalore to Goa. In the domestic circuit, it currently operates in the Bangalore to Kochi, Chennai, Chandigarh, Jaipur and Goa sectors.
The airline is hopeful of turning profitable once it raises its fleet to at least 5-6 aircrafts. It is targeting six planes by 2014-end and 20 by 2015-end and wants to turn remote locations as opportunities.
In an exclusive interview to CNBC-TV18’s Farah Bookwala, Fernandes said the airline industry has done a poor job of convincing the Centre and the state governments and that India is the only country which has such huge levies.
On asked whether he believes the government might take some steps to reduce or alter the tax structure on aviation turbine fuel (ATF), Fernandes said that if one look at the subsidy Air India receives, it would probably be the same amount of money that all state governments collect from fuel subsidy. Instead of collecting that money, it would have been wiser if the industry had removed the subsidy completely, he adds.
Fernandes says flying to remote locations should be a market decision and the subsidy-fueled Air India should serve remote locations that don’t make money.
“I am getting people who are seeing the benefits of air travel, seeing that air travel isn’t just for the rich but also for the common man. And the benefits of aviation are opening up economic development. So it is hard work but we are getting there, we have had some progress,” he says.
AirAsia is less than one year old but has already made progress. The CEO of the company is optimistic on its growth going ahead.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex  Nifty fall 1%  Aurobindo Pharma risesMarket Update: Sensex falls 276 pts to 1-mth low, oil, metal stocks bleed
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 17:16 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Markets on Thursday slumped for the third straight day with Sensex losing over 276 points to end at 1-month low on losses in metal, power and banking bluechips due to mass cancellation of coal mines and sharp drop in oil & gas shares on government deferring a hike in gas price.
Besides, caution prevailed on the last day of September derivative contracts that also influenced cash market sentiments. Turnover at BSE and NSE exchanges crossed Rs 7.2 lakh crore in late trades.
The BSE Sensex after a better opening at 26,808.66, advanced to 26,814.20, tracking positive global cues on strong US economic data. However, selling pressure emerged in blue-chip stocks led by oil and metal stocks which forced the index to touch intra-day low of 26,349.55.
The Sensex finally settled at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent. This is its weakest closing since August 26. The 30-share gauge has lost 730 points in 3 days.
As many as 23 stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI , Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, ICICI Bank and ONGC.
However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers. Metal stocks such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Hindalco, Bhushan Steel, Usha Martin, Monnet Ispat remained under pressure due to Supreme Court cancelling mines. Jaypee group stocks Jaiprakash Associates, Jaiprakash Power and Jaypee Infratech fell 13-19 per cent after a deal to sell 3 hydro projects failed.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty plunged 90.55 points, or 1.13 per cent, to close at 7,911.85 after shuttling between 8,019.30 and 7,877.35 intra-day. Oil and gas scrips remained weak as government decided to postpone revision in gas prices till November 15.
In a major blow to corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Wednesday had quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Meanwhile, FPIs sold shares worth a Rs 793.65 crore on Wednesday as per the provisional data.
IT stocks like Infosys and TCS were, however, upbeat after Accenture said it expects better profits this fiscal. Sectorwise, the BSE Realty index suffered the most by plunging 3.21 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas (3.08 per cent), Metal index (3 per cent), Power index (2.8 per cent), Banking index (2.69 per cent) and Capital Goods (1.91 per cent). Small-cap index shed 3.21 per cent and Mid-cap index slumped by 2.4 per cent.

BJP to field Pritam Munde for Beed Lok SabhabypollPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 4:03 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 4:09 pm
With BJP MLA Pankaja Munde, daughter of Gopinath Munde, indicating that she would not contest the bypoll to the Beed Lok Sabha constituency in Maharashtra, which fell vacant after her father’s demise, the party has decided to field the late leader’s other daughter Pritam for the seat.
“The state BJP unit has proposed Pritam’s name as party nominee for Beed Lok Sabha bypoll,” a senior state BJP leader said here on Thursday.
With Pankaja, who recently undertook a statewide ‘Sangharsh Yatra’, sending out signals that she would focus on affairs in Maharashtra, there was speculation that her sister Pritam would be the BJP Lok Sabha candidate from Beed.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar had publicly declared after Munde’s death that his party won’t field any candidate if any family member of the Munde family were to contest the bypoll.
Pritam Munde, who is based in Nashik, has already started visiting Parli, Beed and other areas of the constituency.
NCP’s Ramesh Adaskar, who contested against Gopinath Munde during the earlier Lok Sabha poll, recently joined the BJP.
NCP minister Jaidatt Kshirsagar may not be inclined to fight the Lok Sabha bypoll and would prefer to retain his Assembly seat, NCP sources said.
Pankaja Munde had embarked on a ‘yatra’ in poll-bound Maharashtra, similar to another such exercise in 1995 by Gopinath Munde, which had helped the BJP-Sena alliance come to power in Maharashtra for the first time.
The 14-day, 3,000 km ‘yatra’ which began from August 27 was also seen as the BJP’s bid to project Pankaja Munde as the party’s Other Backward Caste (OBC) face after Munde, who died in a car accident in Delhi in June this year.
Pankaja Munde is an MLA from the Munde family’s turf of Parli in Beed.
Gopinath Munde had undertaken his 1995 ‘yatra’ campaign against Sharad Pawar over the controversial Enron project and he became Deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra in the government headed by the Shiv Sena’s Manohar Joshi.
Pritam Munde, who is based in Nashik, has already started visiting Parli, Beed and other areas of the constituency.

Gas price revision deferred due to polls: Pr...Government has deferred gas price revision due to upcoming assembly elections, says Dharmendra Pradhan
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 03.50PM IST
Tags:
Dharmendra Pradhan
("It was deferred due to elections,"…)
NEW DELHI: Government deferred an increase in natural gas price for a third time in view of next month's assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said today.
Yesterday, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) had deferred a decision on revising natural gas prices by 45 days to November 15.
"It was done due to elections," Pradhan said when asked for the reasons for the deferment.
He, however, did not say if the decision was postponed because of model code of conduct being in place or to avoid the fallout of the price increase on power tariff and CNG rates.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
Assembly elections to 288-member Maharashtra assembly and 90-seat Haryana assembly will be held on October 15 and counting will take place on October 19.
Apart from these states, bypolls will be conducted on the same day for five assembly seats in five states -- Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland, Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat.
Byelections for two Parliamentary constituencies in Maharashtra's Beed and Odisha's Kandhamal will also be held on October 15.
The UPA government had in June last year approved a price formula suggested by a panel headed by C Rangarajan and re-confirmed it in December 2013 with certain conditions for Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
The formula was to be implemented from April 1, 2014 but before a rate could be notified, general elections were announced and Election Commission asked the then government to defer it till completion of polls.
On June 25, the new BJP-led government deferred it for a further three months as it found doubling of rates as per the approved formula unpalatable.
Earlier Pradhan had told Parliament that a new gas price will be announced by September end.
In August-end, the government constituted a four-member panel of secretaries to review the formula. The committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertiliser and expenditure with additional secretary in the Oil Ministry as its member secretary, last week submitted its recommendation on a new pricing mechanism.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1u1c83kFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Puppy goes viral in Bud's anti-drunk driving ad
This puppy's got legs. The puppy is "Cooper," the star of a new Anheuser-Busch responsible-drinking commercial that's gone seriously viral since being posted less than a week ago.
Post to Facebook
Puppy goes viral in Bud's anti-drunk driving ad This puppy's got legs. The puppy is "Cooper," the star of a new Anheuser-Busch responsible-drinking commercial that's gone seriously viral since being posted less than a week ago. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sr3AnI
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
52
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Puppy goes viral in Bud's anti-drunk driving ad
Budweiser plays up "Aww" factor in new responsible drinking ad featuring a lonely pup.
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 5:20 p.m. EDT September 25, 2014
A screenshot from Budweiser's "Friends are Waiting" video advertisement.
(Photo: Anheuser-Busch)
22284 CONNECT 362 TWEET 203 LINKEDIN 52 COMMENTEMAILMORE
This puppy's got legs.
The dog, "Cooper," is the star of a new Anheuser-Busch responsible-drinking commercial that's gone viral with more than 13 million views since being posted less than a week ago.
But "Cooper" isn't one dog.  He's several, explains Tom Kraus, director, Budweiser. "In order to get our dogs to perform without tiring, we had a backup for the puppy and adult ages to cover for each other. In total, we worked with two 9-week-old puppies, Molly and Maverick; one adolescent 7-month-old, Dozer; and two adult 7-year-old Labs, Smith and Jones. All played their roles extremely well."
Dogs -- perhaps even more than Clydesdales -- have become the beer maker's "gotcha" ad vehicle. It was Budweiser's soft-hearted puppy in love with a horse that won 2014's USA TODAY Super Bowl Ad Meter competition.
But this latest puppy's attachment isn't to a four-legged critter but to its two-legged, 20-something owner, Luke, who is late getting home from a night out partying.  The dog patiently waits -- and waits -- at the door.
All through the night.
The ad's message: The owner is responsible.  Instead of driving home, he apparently was coaxed by his buddies into sleeping it off. So he arrives home safe the next morning, to his dog's delight.
Awwwwwww.
Never mind that the viewer is still left wondering, gee, who fed that poor puppy dinner and let it out to pee overnight?
Apparently, all of that's forgiven in social media.  Many of the tweets are from folks who couldn't keep from tearing up while watching it. "Legit cried during this Budweiser commercial with the dog," tweeted Hannah Hart.
Zildjian Bartels even posted a photo of herself crying, next to her tweet, "The New Budweiser commercial got me like (crying)."
"So many tears for the new Budweiser commercial," tweeted Christina@Chomo90, who also posted a tear-soaked photo of herself.
The ad squarely targets the 21- to 27-year-old Millennial whose single mission in life is to share content with friends on social media.
The purpose of the ad: "From the beginning, our aim has always been to tell an emotional story in a disruptive way to remind adults that drunk driving is 100% preventable," says Kraus.
AB posted the digital-only ad last Friday as part of its "Global Be(er) Responsible" day against drunk driving.  The ad is trending under #FriendsAreWaiting.
Then, there's the dude who plays Cooper's owner. He's Nile Sarkisian, a 25-year-old actor and model who lives in Los Angeles. "We picked him not only for his talent, but also his genuine likability -- and his fondness of dogs certainly helped," says Kraus.
During one day of filming, says Kraus, "our actor probably endured more licks than most pet owners do in a lifetime."
Even hardened brand consultants begrudgingly admit they like it.
Sure, A-B is milking the success of its 2014 Super Bowl spot by using a dog to tug at the heartstrings, says Steven Addis, CEO of the Addis agency in Berkeley, Calif.  But A-B takes this "drive responsibly" ad well beyond that.  "There's also an appeal for Millennials, in that the guy could be free enough to stay out all night," says Addis.
The dog ultimately represents a '"starter relationship," adds Addis,  to show that we all want someone to be responsible to.
Even if that someone's got dog breath.
22284 CONNECT 362 TWEET 203 LINKEDIN 52 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sr3AnI
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Make in India to develop nation as manufacturing superpower: ModiSep 25, 2014, 03.16 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Make in India to develop nation as mfg superpower: Modi
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Make in India to develop nation as mfg superpower: Modi
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development.
Post your opinion here
 
PM Modi wraps up his address for Make in India campaign by delivering Navratri wishes to the nation.
12:35 pm: Whether state or central government, we will proactively take up the role of being a facilitator of exports. Investors who are thinking of leaving, should abandon such thoughts. This is not a political agenda, but an article of faith, says PM Modi
“This nation is yours. There is no need to leave the nation. We want our companies to shine as MNCs,” PM says to industrialists.
The PM highlights the need for highways and i-ways (information ways). He says he wants to enhance the public-private partnerships in skills development
“There is a new era of economic growth that is in Asia and we have to see how to make it India's, he adds.
12: 25 pm: In Asia only India has democracy, demographic dividend and demand that the world's industry is seeking, he adds.
Nobody can question India's talent after India's successful maiden visit to Mars, says Modi while congratulating ISRO, whose Mangalyaan rocket is now orbiting Mars.
"I do not only talk about good governance, I talk about effective governance," says Modi. We have the 'Look East' policy and at the same time we have 'Link West' too, adds PM.
12:15 pm: "Belief and trust in people is the most important thing a government can give its citizens," Modi adds. He says FDI for Indians is a responsibility while for the rest of the world it is an opportunity.
His definition for FDI is First Develop India
Emphasising on the need for jobs, Modi says India must create opportunities of employment for if the poor get jobs the purchasing power of families will increase and this will increase consumption demand in the country.
He urges corporates to not just view India as a market but rather as an opportunity.
"The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite, I need to give the address," adds PM Modi.
12:02: PM Modi says he does not want to see any company leave India. We have been able to bring about a change in the last few months, adds Modi.
He says he is glad to see Indian industry is convinced of this government's commitment.
Modi further says there were apprehensions about previous government's policies. Make In India campaign will give thrust to manufacturing in India, he adds.
FDI is also a responsibility of the people of India, he says.
11:48 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi launches 'Make in India' campaign
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today unveiled the 'Make in India' logo as well the brochure which covers India's national manufacturing policy along with 25 sectors that will be covered under the MakeInIndia plan.
The programme lays emphasis on 25 sectors with focus on job creation and skill enhancement. These include: automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways, auto components, design manufacturing, renewable energy, mining, bio-technology, pharmaceuticals and electronics among others.
11:40 am: We believe India is the epicentre of innovation though many innovatpors do not have the way to take their innovations abroad, says Phil Shaw, CEO of Lockheed Martin India.
With a supportive government in India, as we do have here, we can do a lot more, adds Shaw.
Meanwhile, ITC's Yc Deveshwar says India has suffered from jobless growth and consumption in the last 5 years which is not sustainable and is a recipe of disaster. Deveshwar praised Modi for identifying the right strategy to eliminate the ailments that the Indian economy has been suffering from.
He adds the biggest beneficiaries of Make in India will be the youth. Currently 12 million youth come to the market every year, but only 2 million jobs are created.
11:30 am: What is being launched today at the Make in India campaign will be the next growth driver for India and creater of jobs, said ICICI Bank CEO and MD, Chanda Kochhar.
"Manufacturers and bankers would like to ensure that whatever gets made in India is the best product available globally, at competitive cost and is sustainable," said Kochhar.
India's indigenous science and skills is now orbiting Mars in just USD 74 million compared to more than USD 650 million by NASA for a similar mission, she said.
On employment, Kochhar said manufacturing has the potential to add 9 crore jobs in the next ten years.
India Inc needs sector-specific policies, skills development, says Chanda Kochhar
ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar pledges support to PM's #MakeinIndia campaign
She further adds that manufacturing will strengthen the macro-economic stability of the country and India needs to improve ease of doing business and access to infrastructure.
11:20 am: Wipro founder Azim Premji says products made in India are suitable for all climates. Indian products reflect low-cost innovative designs, he adds. Premji further says
competitiveness comes from outthinking others.
"Our manufacturing facilities consist of 13 around the world of which 5 are in India."
Meanwhile, Kumar Mangalam Birla of the Birla Group said it is high time India become a preferred  choice for global companies as a manufacturing hub and not just an IT hub.
"Manufacturing has to become the next big wave for us," he adds.
11: 10 am: Praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his leadership, chairman of Reliance Industries, Mukesh Ambani said Modi's unique leadership quality is that he dreams and does a the same time, working over 14 hours a day and at the same time motivating  over a billion Indians to dream and do.
RIL chief Mukesh Ambani addresses the gathering, says, "Today is a historic day for the Indian industry."
He also adds that it is important that India is open to foreign capital and expertise.
"We commit ourselves to 'Make in India' movement," says RIL chief Mukesh Ambani during the campaign launch.
'Make in India' is an opportunity given to thousands of Indians, he adds Mukesh Ambani
Reliance Industries to create 1.25 lakh jobs in next 12-15 months, says Mukesh Ambani.
11: 05 am: Kenichi Ayukawa of Maruti Suzuki addresses the gathering, says, "We realised the potential of India very early."
11:00 am: Under leadership of PM Modi, 'Make in India' is bringing together industry and government: Cyrus Mistry
Cyrus Mistry of Tata Sons addresses the gathering, says, "India has 2 strategic advantages- our human capital and a market which affords scale and growth."
10: 55 am: Fully committed to make India a global manufacturing hub: Sitharaman
'Make in India' is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with single minded commitment, about new processes: Sitharaman.
10: 45 am: Commerce & Industries Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad share the dais with PM at the launch function
10:35 am: Modi, in his maiden Independence Day speech, had made a pitch to improve India's manufacturing to create jobs to revive growth. A month and half later, the government is launching the initiative both at national and state level.
10:34 am: Top industrialists including Chanda Kochchar, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Azim Premji and Kiran Majumdar Shaw arrive at the launch of 'Make in India' campaign.
10:31 am: The campaign is expected to give a collective thrust to manufacturing in India and will seek greater foreign investment in the country.
10:30 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the much awaited 'Make in India' campaign in New Delhi today.
10: 16 am Mukesh Ambani, Azim Premji at Make In India campaign launch
10:13 am Cyrus Mistry, KM Birla to attend launch of Make In India campaign
10:13 an RC Bhargava, YC Deveshwar attend Make In India campaign launch
RELATED NEWS

Adani coal mine rail project gets nod from Aus govtSep 25, 2014, 03.59 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Adani coal mine rail project gets nod from Aus govt
Queensland state's Coordinator General last month had cleared the way for the Aus dollars 2.2 billion (USD 1.94) 300-km rail line called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Adani coal mine rail project gets nod from Aus govt
Queensland state's Coordinator General last month had cleared the way for the Aus dollars 2.2 billion (USD 1.94) 300-km rail line called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian conglomerate Adani Mining today won Australian government's approval to build a whopping USD 1.94 billion rail line for its Carmichael coal mine project, a "significant milestone" in the company's operations here.
Queensland state's Coordinator General last month had cleared the way for the Aus dollars 2.2 billion (USD 1.94) 300-km rail line called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
The 16.5 billion Australian dollars (USD 15 billion) coal project is expected to provide electricity for up to 100 million people in India. The rail line will enable transportation of 100 million tonnes of coal annually. After last month's clearance, the Australian subsidiary of Adani Enterprises needed the approval of Environment Minister Greg Hunt to proceed with the rail line.
The conglomerate, in a statmeent, today said it has received the final nod for its significant investments in mining and infrastructure in Queensland.
"Following on from the Commonwealth Government's approval of the Carmichael mine, as well as the Queensland Coordinator General's approval of the North Galilee Basin Rail Project (NGBR) in August, Adani welcomes today's announcement of the approval by Environment Minister Greg Hunt of the NGBR," the company said.
The development follows July's announcement by Adani of Korean giant POSCO E&C as the EPC contractor and joint venture partner on the NGBR and the company's agreement in August to acquire Linc's interest in royalties at the Carmichael mine.
Adani said these important milestones all underlined the growing confidence in the project as the shift from the approvals phase to the build phase continues. Welcoming today's approval for the rail project, Adani Mining CEO and Country Head Jeyakumar Janakaraj said "Today's approval is a significant milestone in the life of our integrated mine, rail and port project, helping transition
from approvals to the build phase."
"The minister's detailed consideration of our rail plan and subsequent approval, together with the work done by Deputy Premier Seeney, has ensured Adani is well placed to progress its long term future with Queensland," Janakaraj said.
"Our long term future with Queensland will mean more than 10,000 jobs, USD 22 billion in taxes and royalties to the state, and by helping deliver energy security, will light the lives of millions of Indians," he said. NGBR represents a significant milestone for infrastructure development in Queensland, the statement said.
RELATED NEWS

Allahabad HC issues notice to Azam Khan for holding an office of profitSep 25, 2014 at 04:02pm IST
Allahabad HC issues notice to Azam Khan for holding an office of profi
6
0
Allahabad: The Allahabad High Court has issued a notice to Uttar Pradesh minister Azam Khan over the office for profit issue.
The court asked why Khan should not be disqualified as an MLA since he is also the Vice Chancellor of Mohammad Ali Jauhar University in Rampur.
The Court served a notice based on a PIL which pointed out that he can't hold two posts. Azam Khan has been given six weeks to reply.
The court asked why Khan should not be disqualified as an MLA since he is also the Vice Chancellor of Mohammad Ali Jauhar University in Rampur.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Youth Congress members clash with police during anti ModiprotestPrint
Police lathicharge Youth Congress activists during their protest against the Union government in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 4:20 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:48 pm
Nearly 150 Youth Congress workers from various states were detained on Thursday after they clashed with the police during a protest here.
The Youth Congress members had alleged failure of the Union government in meeting the poll promises in its first 100 days.
Police had to resort to a mild lathicharge after the protesters, who had gathered for the ‘Jan Akrosh Rally’ around 11 AM, tried to march towards Parliament by breaching police barricades on Sansad Marg.
The protesters were detained and taken to police station. They were later released, a police official said.
Youths from Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab, Bihar, Delhi and others participated in the ‘Jan Akrosh Rally’, which was called by the Congress to expose the “failures” of BJP-led NDA government.
“Our protest is against the Modi government. BJP came to power by making false promises to the people of the country. We have not seen any good work in the first 100 days of the Modi government,” Amit Malik, the state Youth Congress
president, said.
Prominent Congess leaders such as Digvijay Singh, Sachin Pilot, Jitin Prasada and DPCC president Arvinder Singh Lovely too participated in the rally but they had left before the protest turned violent.
Later, several Youth Congress workers cleaned the premises where the demonstration took place.
“We on their own are cleaning protest venue because we want this place to be clean. During protest, workers had dumped water bottles on the roads following which we are cleaning this site,” Malik said.

BJP  Sena say seat-sharing talks on; blame game continuesBJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 11:24 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:28 IST(27/9/2014)
Two of India’s biggest parties - the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress – parted ways with their long-standing allies on Thursday following differences over sharing of seats in October’s assembly elections in Maharashtra.
Maharashtra heads for four-cornered elections after end of political alliances.
While The BJP and Shiv Sena ended their 25-year-old relationship that helped shape Hindu revivalist politics in the country, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) snapped ties 15 years after it allied with the Congress.  
 
The decisions, which came barely an hour apart with the BJP making the first announcement, throw open the election field in Maharashtra where the contest could now be four cornered. This could split the electorate and possibly throw up a hung house.
The 288-member state assembly goes to the polls on October 15 and September 27 is the last day of filing election papers. The Sena, a part of the ruling combine at the Centre, said it would continue in the NDA. The Sena has 18 members in the Lok Sabha, the most for any NDA constituent after the BJP.
 
“It’s painful but there was no choice,” BJP’s state chief Devendra Fadnavis told reporters after days of negotiations failed to save what was among the longest political alliances in the country.
Read: Shiv Sena and BJP: How they married and divorced
 
“The ‘Mahayuti' (grand alliance) sans the Shiv Sena will contest the polls. We will not criticise Shiv Sena during (the) campaign and remain friends.”
 
Over the past week or so, the two parties held several rounds of talks, emerging every time to blame each other for not being inflexible and accommodative of each other’s proposals.
 
Things came to a head earlier in the day with both sides saying they had exhausted all options. As contradictory reports emerged from Delhi and Mumbai, a high stakes game of brinkmanship unfolded.
Read: Why BJP broke ranks with Sena
Around early evening, it became clear that the Shiv Sena’s final offer of 151 seats was unacceptable to the BJP.
Traditionally, the Sena has contested more seats than the BJP. But after performing better than Sena in the Lok Sabha polls, the BJP wanted larger share. The Sena, however, was not prepared to whittle down its share of 151 seats.
In less than an hour after BJP's announcement, the NCP, too, walked out on the Congress. “The Congress has been adamant and non-responsive despite our numerous attempts,” NCP state chief Sunil Tatkare said.
Read: Big egos spelt doom for saffron alliance
 
“The list of 118 candidates announced by the Congress had two names declared against the independent MLAs inducted by the NCP. This was against the agreement between the two parties,” senior NCP leader Praful Patel said. Party colleague and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said the NCP was pulling out of the state government.
 
Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who is from the Congress, said the NCP was not serious about seat sharing and was waiting for the Sena-BJP split. “It was not practically possible for us to concede 144 seats to the NCP. Then they put forth the demand for sharing chief ministership which, was not acceptable,” he said.
Read: Split, but Sena maykeep berth at Centre
 
Both the Congress and the Sena alleged that there was a tacit understanding between the BJP and the NCP. “The NCP wants to get benefit of power at the Centre. I won’t be surprised if there is any unexpected announcement tomorrow,” Chavan said.
 
The parties are now competing to get smaller allies on their side. The BJP has managed to keep three of the four smaller allies and is trying to woo the fourth partner of the mahayuti, or the grand alliance. The Congress, it is learnt, is in talks with the Samajwadi Party.
 
Political experts predict a fractured mandate and say rivals may turn into allies to come to power. The BJP has already said it won’t target “friend” Shiv Sena.

Volatility rising: Dow sees big price swingsBig price swings return to Dow
By: Adam Shell September 25, 2014 6:56 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
Getty
A return to daily 100-point swings is turning the boring Dow into the volatile Dow.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average has finished up or down more than 100 points for the past three sessions, its longest streak of triple-digit point moves since a four-session run in April. The suddenly roller-coaster-like Dow rallied 154 points Wednesday to 17,210, rebounding from a 117-point drop on eurozone economic fears Tuesday and Monday’s 107-point pullback prompted by the hangover from the hyped Alibaba initial public offering last week.
(BREAKING NEWS: The wild swings returned Thursday and to the downside. In early trading the Dow was down as much as 223 points and briefly dipped back below the 17,000 level. Investors were reacting to mixed economic data, ranging from a better-than-expected reading on first-time jobless claims offset by a 18.2% in orders for durable goods in August, although that drop was not as bad if transportation and aircraft orders were stripped out. Ex-aircraft, durable goods rose 0.7% topping expectations.)
The question is if the sudden volatility and sharp rebound marks the end of the Dow’s recent troubles, just as its wild swings from April 9 to April 14 marked the end of a 3.3% swoon.
Back in April, the Dow was being dragged down by a sell-off in momentum stocks in the social media, biotech and small-cap space. On April 9, the Dow surged 181 points after market-friendly minutes from the March Federal Reserve meeting. But the Dow fell more than 400 points in the next two days as investors took a break from risk. But the four-day run of 100-point moves ended on an up note on April 14, when the Dow rallied more than 146 points, triggering a rally that resulted in its first closing high of 2014 on April 30.
How the Dow fares today could signal whether the recent selling pressure that has dogged the entire market, but hit small stocks and tech names the most, has run its course.

Ask Matt: Is Hasbro a buy due to  FrozenAP Photo/Disney
Q: Is Hasbro (HAS) a buy due to “Frozen” deal?
A: If you’ve heard kids singing, “Let It Go,” or caught yourself humming the tune from the Disney movie Frozen yourself,  you understand the power of the franchise.
Hasbro stock got a strong bump Wednesday after the toymaker won a licensing deal with Walt Disney (DIS) to sell toys linked with the popular movie, starring an ice queen named Elsa and her sister Anna. The movie was released in 2013 and grossed nearly $1.3 billion, which makes it the fifth biggest hit in theater history.
But investors are hoping Frozen will help thaw shares of Hasbro, which have been struggling this year. Shares of the company are essentially flat this year, missing out on the rougly 8% gain by the Standard & Poor’s 500. There’s little doubt that Frozen toys will help Hasbro. But it’s important to remember this will be just one toyline for a company that did more than $4 billion in revenue over the past 12 months. Also, remember that Frozen toys won’t show up in stores until spring 2016, when the license shifts from the current holder, Mattel. Analysts aren’t all that bullish on Hasbro. The average 18-month price target on the stock is $57.63, which is less than 5% higher than were the stock is now.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

24 people injured in fire at SAIL s IISCO steel plantSep 25, 2014, 05.07 PM IST  | Source: PTI
24 people injured in fire at SAIL's IISCO steel plant
All the 24 people were admitted to the hospital, the police said. "We are investigating the reason behind the fire. Out of these 24 people, three are CISF employees. The company officials are also looking into the reason behind the fire," Abhijit Chatterjee, officer-in-charge of Hirapur police station, under which IISCO falls, told PTI.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
24 people injured in fire at SAIL's IISCO steel plant
All the 24 people were admitted to the hospital, the police said. "We are investigating the reason behind the fire. Out of these 24 people, three are CISF employees. The company officials are also looking into the reason behind the fire," Abhijit Chatterjee, officer-in-charge of Hirapur police station, under which IISCO falls, told PTI.
Post your opinion here
 
Altogether 24 people were injured, four seriously, in a fire at SAIL 's IISCO steel plant today, police said.
All the 24 people were admitted to the hospital, the police said. "We are investigating the reason behind the fire. Out of these 24 people, three are CISF employees. The company officials are also looking into the reason behind the fire," Abhijit Chatterjee, officer-in-charge of Hirapur police station, under which IISCO falls, told PTI.
Burdwan District Magistrate Soumitro Mohan said 20-23 suffered burns and four of them were in serious condition in the hospital. Efforts are on to transfer the seriously injured to a private hospital in Durgapur and the SDO, Asansol, has been sent to Burnpur, he added.
State-owned SAIL had said earlier in the day that 21 people were injured in the blaze and two of them were in the hospital ICU.
"An incident of fire occurred at SAIL's IISCO Steel Plant (ISP) at 12.15 PM today... Around 21 affected persons have been provided immediate medical attention, both at the plant medical unit and at Burnpur hospital. Out of these, two persons belonging to contractor BEC have been admitted to ICU," SAIL said in a statement.
Preliminary inquiry revealed that it happened in New Coke Oven Battery number 11, it said adding the fire was immediately extinguished.
The incident occurred during a planned shutdown for carrying out rectification jobs in one of the pre-heaters of the coke oven battery, the statement added.
SAIL stock price
On November 21, 2014, Steel Authority of India closed at Rs 83.90, down Rs 1.6, or 1.87 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 112.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 54.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.24 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.01. The latest book value of the company is Rs 103.30 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.81.
RELATED NEWS

MM unveils new generation ScorpioSep 25, 2014, 04.57 PM IST  | Source: PTI
M&M unveils new generation Scorpio
The SUV is powered by mHawk engine (120 PS power and 280 NM torque) to tackle all types of terrain and a new generation transmission for a smoother fatigue-free gear shift.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
M&M unveils new generation Scorpio
The SUV is powered by mHawk engine (120 PS power and 280 NM torque) to tackle all types of terrain and a new generation transmission for a smoother fatigue-free gear shift.
Post your opinion here
 
Auto maker  Mahindra and Mahindra today unveiled the new generation Scorpio at starting price of Rs 7.98 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai). It is built on an all new platform and comes with contemporary styling, luxurious interiors and advanced technology features.
The SUV is powered by mHawk engine (120 PS power and 280 NM torque) to tackle all types of terrain and a new generation transmission for a smoother fatigue-free gear shift. "This new generation Scorpio will deliver exceptional value while offering accessible technology to our customers across the country," Mahindra Group chairman Anand Mahindra told reporters.
The new Scorpio will be available in variants like S2 (with M2diCR engine); S4, S4+, S6, S6+, S8 and S10 (all powered by the 2.2l mHawk engine). It will be available in multiple seating configurations allowing owners to choose from 7, 8 and 9 seater options to match their needs. The company had launched Scorpio in 2002 and it is owned by over 4.5 lakh customers.
M&M stock price
On November 21, 2014, Mahindra and Mahindra closed at Rs 1246.50, up Rs 14.65, or 1.19 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1421.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 847.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 58.92 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.16. The latest book value of the company is Rs 270.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.61.
RELATED NEWS

Here s what experts make of market ahead of Oct seriesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here's what experts make of market ahead of Oct series
Market expert Sudarshan Sukhani believes now the trend has firmly reversed and after a long time, investors can initiate short positions on the market.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
In an interview with CNBC-TV18's Sonia Shenoy, Anuj Singhal and Senthil Chengalvarayan, Neeraj Deewan of Quantum Securities, Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics along with Siddarth Bhamre, Head - Equity Derivatives, Angel Broking discuss the roadmap for market ahead of October series.
Looking at the larger picture, for past six or seven series, the market was doing extremely well and with just a bit of an expected fall. Neeraj Deewan feels the market was quite overbought and the kind of rally seen midcaps in the last month was tremendous, which justified a correction.
Market expert Sudarshan Sukhani believes now the trend has firmly reversed and after a long time, investors can initiate short positions on the market.
On the contrary, Bhamre advises investors to book profits at resistance level of 8150-8200 on the Nifty.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Siddarth Bhamre, Neeraj Deewan and Sudarshan Sukhani's interview:
Q: The trend has now firmly reversed and now after a long time with conviction you can initiate short positions on the index, would you concur with that view?
Bhamre: Not exactly concurring to that view but certainly, we are among those who are sitting on the sidelines and have suggested to book profits at the resistance level of 8150-8200. In fact, two days back market was again at 8130-8150 levels and how people were strongly recommending XYZ midcap stocks and our call was pretty clear that this midcap frenzy has to end. At the same time if you look at today what reasons we are giving to this fall is probably news related to coal block, gas pricing and other things but stocks which are going down are those stocks which have been falling in last 4-5 trading sessions and where we have been pointing about liquidity issues, where FIIs are not buying when markets are going up, they are squaring off their long positions since last two weeks. They have not been buyer in cash market and they have been shorting bit in index futures as well. Currency was also one of the points which we were highlighting that depreciation of currency is not good for fund flows and so for the market. Whether this is a trend reversal and we are going to 7500 or 7400 we are not taking that call.
Certainly one thing is clear that support of 7850 or 7900 which we also have been talking about in this market there is no confidence as of now to even buy at those levels. So, we wouldn’t do any kind of bottom fishing as of now in this market because all those stocks which were taking this market higher structurally this bull market like ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, L&T, today if you look at these stocks, these are mainly FII stocks we are seeing correction in them, we are seeing shoring and good rollovers as well. So, we are not expecting first week or second week of October giving us any positive surprises. So, not recommending to go long even now.
Q: This could be the first series after January where we could end negative. It still would need to close below 7904 for that to happen. Does that change the market texture for October series? October anecdotally has not been a good series for market and in bull markets we have seen October as a month where the market sometimes has corrected in double digit percentage terms.
Bhamre: I won't give much probability of that outcome where October you would see probably a double digit correction in Nifty. Though we have corrected just 300 points from higher levels the pain in the system is much higher where retail HNIs have got into midcaps. You were talking about how midcap or small cap index have still outperformed but 80 percent of rally of midcap index is always missed by people. They always get in at higher levels. Even if I am getting into XYZ stock at higher levels, stock may have gone up 100 percent but what I make is just 5-15 percent return.
However, if I get stuck at higher levels then my 30-40 percent gets wiped out in a weeks time. So, system is not too leveraged for this market to correct very significantly, FIIs have unwound, people have suffered in midcaps. So, I won't be in that camp where I am expecting October to show 10 percent plus correction in markets. First two weeks we will still have some pain and whether market goes to 7500 or below or 7700 I do not have answer to that. One thing which we are suggesting is that don’t buy even now hold for some more time.
Q: What do you do on individual stocks now, anything in the banking space that you would look to short? Any shorting opportunities that are cropping up in the frontliners?
Bhamre: Frontliners - we have been actively shorting ICICI Bank and Axis Bank. In between we had an opinion that probably PSU space would do better than private sector space but the way now PSUs are correcting and more importantly let me point out bank Nifty index had a very strong resistance in range of 15400 and 15700. When this breakout happened we were quite optimistic that PSU as well as private sector space would take this index higher. Now we have again gone below resistance zone. So, I believe there would be further sell-off which would happen, sell-off may be a very strong word but there would be further selling pressure in banking space. So, probably ICICI Bank is heading further down, Axis Bank is one space where you can think of shorting. State Bank of India is now trading around Rs 2400. It is quite possible that stock can head towards Rs 2250 odd levels.
We had contra buy's in Bank of India and Union Bank, those stop loss got triggered but now what we are seeing is further downside in this space also. So, hold your horses of doing any kind of bottom fishing in banking space be it PSU or private.
Q: One stock that stands out in F&O market today is Aurobindo Pharma. Anything that you have spotted unusual over there because that is the only stock which stands out on the strength?
Bhamre: We have also been mentioning that pharma is into over bought space and we have seen Aurobindo Pharma correcting from Rs 880-890 odd levels to sub Rs 800 levels. Today has been an exception. What we have observed purely from statistical point is that the rollovers are quite high in Aurobindo Pharma and we have seen in last series there has been good formation of long positions. So, probably because of uncertainty there might be some people who might be hiding in pharma space but again we are not initiating any longs in defensives. We have been stating in August that the rally in market would be now supported by both high beta as well as defensives. Now we are seeing that in October it is quite possible that even defensives and high beta both would correct. So, we won't do any hiding work in pharma or IT as a matter of fact.
Q: Any Volume weighted average price (VWAP) trades that you are noticing at this point and anything that you want to recommend?
Bhamre: When market falls this way your Volume weighted average price (VWAP) and other fundas really doesn't give you any indications. Our call in morning to be very honest was that we were not expecting this kind of fall today itself though we are structurally bit negative on the market. We were anticipating that probably there is lot of Put writing done by Foreign Institutional Investor (FIIs) in 7900 and 8,000 Put options. So probably they will try to do closing somewhere around Rs 8,050. So we had punted on 8,000 Call options where our view has gone wrong. Certainly that was just probably a one percent of trade which we have done against the negative we have. So I am not punting again that where would expiry happen at least in this series.
Q: Would you take some comfort or would you take some refuge in technology?
Bhamre: I won't do that unless and until I find Infosys at Rs 3400-3450 which is quite far away from current levels. Wipro around Rs 550-560 that is when probably I will buy. Again reiterating what we mentioned in earlier part of this week even if we are expecting currency that is INR to depreciate against USD it may not have that correlation that IT stock would do well. So there won't be a 100 percent correlation even if rupee depreciates we may see some corrections happening in IT as well.
Q: What about the pharma, that's also one space which is, you spoke about Aurobindo Pharma but say some thing like a Cipla if that's something that you would advise now?
Bhamre: Because our view is negative we are more keen in finding trades where we want to be negative and we will initiate shorts. Pharma what we are suggesting at this point of time is not shorting but just moving out of long positions. So I won't go ahead and say because market is correcting and even defensives would correct so let me short Cipla or any other pharma stock as a matter of fact. The more clear shorting opportunity is in infrastructure, banking and would like to deploy more capital in the shorting side there rather odd pharma stock.
Q: Any fresh shorting ideas that have cropped up because since we spoke to you last there has been some fresh onslaught in a whole host of sectors?
Sukhani: Yes, almost everything. I think a lot of midcaps can be sold into; not today, let the markets become stable. However, the bigger message is which I explained earlier also that this market has clearly told us that a correction is now started. So, it is become a sell on rallies market. There will be rallies small and large and some of the rallies will give the impression that the real thing has started again. However, we should be selling into it. 7900 is not the end of this decline. In October, we will probably see much lower levels.
Q: The trend as you mentioned has clearly reversed now but at what point will this market become a fresh buying opportunity? You had mentioned earlier that 8050 level is the level you are watching for. If we scale up above that level will you take a fresh buy call or will it still be in a downtrend mode?
Sukhani: Anything above 8050 will force us to reduce our short positions. I would not take a fresh buy call. Patterns will also change if it does go to that level but at this point, the buying is not in the cards at all.
Q: In terms of this being an indicator that you have first monthly close which is in the negative after seven months does this changes the earlier theory that you had about the fact that US market never corrected in a bull market for 1-1.5 year, do you think this changes that theory a bit and we might have a double digit percentage correction from hereon?
Sukhani: Yes, but it is not the fact that September is because I am not looking at the series, I am looking at charts. We have also confirmed a large head and shoulder pattern, slightly difficult to identify but it is there on the Nifty and that the US markets did not do. So, what we have done actually is to create a bearish pattern, confirm it today and that certainly changes the theory that we will not correct in double digits. The chances are we will.
Q: What would have to change for you to say that all of this was just a bad crack but we could now be back up again, what levels would you be looking for?
Sukhani: That is a fair question because markets can always do their own thing. A move above 8050 and sustained above that level will tell us that we have to protect or even close our short positions. That is the first step. If we cross and make new highs everything has changed.
RELATED NEWS

India to contribute USD 12 million to UN to fight EbolaSep 25, 2014 at 04:46pm IST
India to contribute USD 12 million to UN to fight Ebola
29
0
New Delhi: India on Thursday announced USD 12 million contribution to the United Nations to help it fight the deadly Ebola virus in the African continent.
The contribution was approved by Prime Minister Narendra Modi just ahead of his deparature to the US where he will adddress the 69th session of UN General Assembly in New York on September 27.
"India to contribute USD 10 million to UN Secretary General's Fund for Ebola. Additional USD 2 million for purchase of protective gear to tackle Ebola," External Affairs Ministry spokesperson said here.
India on Thursday announced USD 12 million contribution to the United Nations to help it fight the deadly Ebola virus in the African continent.
#ebola #india #narendra modi #un
Ebola virus hit the African continent earlier this year and has killed nearly 2,200 people in several countries there. The UN Security Council has also declared the outbreak of the  virus in West Africa a "threat to international peace and security".
UN chief Ban Ki-moon last week had described the situation arising out of spread of Ebola virus in the African continent as "unprecedented" and had announced setting up of the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response to put in place an effective response mechanism.
0

Anonymity for a companionUpdated: September 19, 2014 20:37 IST
Anonymity for a companion
THE HINDU Suraj Ghai Photo: Sushil Kumar Verma
TOPICS
arts (general)
Artist Suraj Ghai has got critical acclaim but commercial success has eluded him
For six decades, Delhi-based artist Suraj Ghai has been depicting the deprivation of the homeless, amputees begging for alms on the streets of Banaras and the widening gap between the creamy layer and the downtrodden. But the tragedy is that this octogenarian, who has received critical acclaim in the art world, never highlighted his own long bitter struggle to earn a decent livelihood.
“Life has been a struggle. As a professional artist I’ve had the satisfaction of having solo and group exhibitions but the remuneration from my paintings has only been a pittance. I taught at two arts institutes but it was not rewarding monetarily. Art connoisseurs knew and appreciated my work, which was a satire on our society but still they preferred buying decorative work, which I steered clear of. Only a few people purchased my work. Due to lack of financial stability, I never married,” says Ghai, born at Rawalpindi in 1934 in undivided India.
To make matters worse, Ghai was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when he was in his 20s. Most of what he earns goes into purchasing daily injections. “Doctors are surprised as to how I have managed to live for 57 years with diabetes.” But now his eyesight has deteriorated and liver problems have cropped up.
Ghai was only 13 when his family had to abandon their palatial house at Rawalpindi and migrate to Delhi where they lived in a tiny nook. Partition was a traumatic experience for him.
“When Partition was declared, I was studying at Class VIII in Rawalpindi. When we moved to Delhi my education suffered. For a year, we lived in a burnt house of a Muslim family near Lodhi Colony. It was a slum-like condition as all the neighbours were living in burnt homes of the minority community.”
His dad and brother were doctors by profession. Ghai was keen to follow in their footsteps. After some unsuccessful attempts at enrolling in medical institutes, Ghai decided to make a career out of his drawings. His brother tried hard to convince him not to join the “unpredictable world of art”.
But, Ghai enrolled at College of Art where illustrious artists like the late Sanyal had kind words for him.
“Those days, Delhi wasn’t a commercial centre. Modern art movement was in its infancy but my moral was boosted by my teachers, hailing from Lahore, during my five-year-long course. Like a writer and musician, I used art to express my feelings.”
Initially, he started as a figurative artist but slowly drifted to abstract where emotions were expressed through essential elements like quality of line, colours and spaces. “My work was met with opposition as people were amazed that I had the guts to show contempt towards society. They could not digest the fact that I was using art to convey oppression and inequality in society. I had the satisfaction of participating in 13 solo exhibitions but I couldn’t recover one-tenth the cost incurred in colours.”
For a decade he taught at the College of Art but the money was “embarrassing(ly) less”.
Teaching at the Banaras Hindu University was intellectually a rewarding experience. “From 1966 to 1968 I taught there but the job wasn’t a permanent one. When I was appointed there was no Vice Chancellor. On the positive side, I studied the acute poverty, treatment of widows and lives of beggars to depict the tragic sight. The work was displayed at Delhi Shilpi Chakra.”

BJP rejects Sena s  final  offer  Amit Shah urges Uddhav not to break tiesComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party in Maharashtra on Monday rejected ally Shiv Sena's 'final' offer of 119 seats, thus worsening the crisis in the saffron alliance.
BJP president Amit Shah called up Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and urged him not to break the 25-year old alliance, TV reports said. Shah also requested the Sena to rethink on seat sharing for the 288-member assembly polls.
This comes amid indications that the BJP  is readying a Plan B with state leaders telling Prime Minister Narendra Modi that they would rather go it alone than accept this.
Modi is now expected to attempt a reconciliation. In New Delhi, the BJP’s top brass took stock of the seat sharing talks, but kept its cards close to its chest.
After a meeting of its parliamentary board, Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah had a separate 10-minute-long meeting. The party remain tight-lipped about it.
The Sena has given the BJP a breather saying it would wait till Monday. The last date for filing nominations is September 27.
“Modi may not immediately sanction an extreme step and could try and convince the Sena chief,” said a BJP leader close to the developments.
For over a fortnight, the saffron combine has been squabbling over the formula for sharing the 288 assembly seats going to polls on October 15.
Earlier in the day, Thackeray speaking at his party’s national executive meeting in Mumbai, told a cheering crowd of Sainiks to prepare to go solo if the talks did not fructify.
In what his partymen saw as his best-ever public speech, Thackeray said his formula  -- of 151 seats for the Sena, 119 for the BJP and 18 for smaller allies --  was his last-ditch effort to save the alliance.
HT Analysis: Uddhav wary of BJP’s Maha ambitions
The BJP responded within the hour. “We fought 119 seats in 2009, even now they are offering us 119. How is this justified,” asked senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse. Talking in New Delhi, he said the two parties should reshuffle the 59 seats the Sena has not won in the past three elections and 19 the BJP had not won and then arrive at a figure.
“Also, these talks cannot take place through television. We need to sit face-to-face,” Khadse added, saying the BJP was still open to talks, putting the ball back into the Sena’s court. BJP insiders said the party had readied a list of 130 candidates and was waiting for word from the top leaders to release it.
In his speech, Thackeray criticised the present batch of BJP leaders reminding them of how the alliance, formed by LK Advani, Atal Behari Vajpayee, and Pramod Mahajan with the late Bal Thackeray, came together not for power but for Hindutva.
“We had differences of opinion with Mahajan and [Gopinath] Munde too. But our relationship never got strained like it has happened now. We both knew how much to stretch,” he said. He reminded Modi that the Shiv Sena stood by him during the riots in Gujarat.
He also warned the BJP against creating hurdles when a golden opportunity to win the state elections has arisen, just as they kept to the alliance dharma during the Lok Sabha polls.
The Sena chief did not hide his chief ministerial ambitions either. “If you are looking down on the Shiv Sena, then our sainiks are ready to fight back. Get ready to face consequences…. I promise to capture power in Maharashtra at any cost,” Thackeray said.
The state BJP  is bent on teaching the Sena a lesson, but the party’s central leadership thinks a break-up could mar the BJP’s credibility among other allies.
“Any decision needs to be taken with some solid foresight. No doubt that the Sena has us in a catch-22 position, but then we need to find a solution that will go a long away,” said a BJP leader.
While a decision to split has not yet been finalised, the break-up of this long-time friendship is sure to change the political map of Maharashtra for years to come.

Future Group to foray into food manufacturingComments
Amid debt challenges and margin pressures in the retail sector, Kishore Biyani-led Future Group’s foray into food manufacturing will kick-start with Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurating the first of its three mega food parks in Tumkur, near Bangalore, on Wednesday.
Advertisement
The high margins garnered by food companies in comparison to retailers prompted Future Group to expand into the food processing, manufacturing and branding business.
Future Consumer Enter-prise’s (earlier known as Future Ventures) Integrated Food Park Holding Ltd will have three food parks — cluster of food processing units — one each in south, east and central India to supply to hundreds of Future’s retail outlets.
While many of these units are run by third party firms, Future will have a stake in them.
Expectedly, Biyani has hopes pinned on his new venture. “We have real potential to be the largest FMCG company in India. Our aim is that, by 2019, 70-80% of food products we sell in our stores should be our own. This can generate revenues worth Rs. 20,000 crore,” said Biyani. “I believe this is going to be a game changer. This will be a rasoi (kitchen) for our own distribution chains,” he said.
Once fully operational, the 110-acre Tumkur food park will house 50 food processing units, which will together bring out about 10,000 various food products.
The food park has been made with an investment of Rs. 1,000 crore. Future has also been allotted 65 acres of land in Kharagpur in West Bengal to set up a food park with an investment of Rs. 600 crore.
Biyani said the company will finalise the deal with Madhya Pradesh government for 100 acres of land for its third food park, which will supply its retail chains across north and central India, in 10-12 days.
Future Group is also in advanced stages of talks with the South India-based supermarket chain Nilgiri to strengthen its retail presence in the region.
Biyani said food products from these food parks will be sold to other retail chains such as Walmart, Metro and West Asia-based Choithrams.

Rupee down 5 paise against dollar in early tradeComments
Dropping for the fourth straight day, the Indian rupee today fell 38 paise to end at seven-week low of 61.34 against the Greenback following slump in local shares and sustained month-end dollar demand from importers.
A sharp rise in dollar value overseas, including the Euro after a set of solid data in the US, also weighed on the rupee that on Thursday logged worst single-day fall since September 15.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit commenced slightly better at 60.94, which was also the day's high, from previous close of 60.96.
Rupee, however, started losing ground in line with weakness in stocks and touched a low of 61.4150 - a level not seen since August 8, 2014 when it had registered intra-day low of 61.74.
Finally, the Indian currency settled at seven-week low of 61.34, logging a steep fall of 38 paise or 0.62%.
This closing is the rupee's weakest since 61.49 on August 6, 2014.
In four straight days, the rupee has stumbled by 86 paise or 1.41%.
Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex, said: "The rupee depreciated as upbeat US home sales data fuelled further expectations for an early rate hike by the Federal Reserve. The rupee also weakened as state-run banks bought dollars, possibly on behalf of exporters. Month-end importer demand also weighed on the rupee."  
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Thursday plunged by 276.33 points, or 1.03% to one-month lows.
FPIs/FIIs sold shares worth USD 112.91 million on Wednesday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by 0.37% against a basket of six major global currencies after US housing data showed strong surge.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said,"The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80."

Rupee falls for fourth day on increased dollar demandForex Update: Rupee plunges to 7-week low vs US dollar, down 38 paise at 61.34
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 18:16 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Dropping for the fourth straight day, the rupee on Thursday fell 38 paise to end at seven-week low of 61.34 against the Greenback following slump in local shares and sustained month-end dollar demand from importers.
A sharp rise in dollar value overseas, including the Euro after a set of solid data in the US, also weighed on the rupee that on Thursday logged worst single-day fall since September 15.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit commenced slightly better at 60.94, which was also the day's high, from previous close of 60.96.
Rupee, however, started losing ground in line with weakness in stocks and touched a low of 61.4150 - a level not seen since August 8, 2014 when it had registered intra-day low of 61.74.
Finally, the Indian currency settled at seven-week low of 61.34, logging a steep fall of 38 paise or 0.62 per cent. This closing is the rupee's weakest since 61.49 on August 6, 2014.
In four straight days, the rupee has stumbled by 86 paise or 1.41 per cent. Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex, said: The rupee depreciated as upbeat US home sales data fuelled further expectations for an early rate hike by the Federal Reserve .
The rupee also weakened as state-run banks bought dollars, possibly on behalf of exporters. Month-end importer demand also weighed on the rupee. The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Thursday plunged by 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent to one-month lows.
FPIs/ FIIs sold shares worth $112.91 million on Wednesday, as per Sebi data. The dollar index was up by 0.37 per cent against a basket of six major global currencies after US housing data showed strong surge.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, "The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80".

Make in India : FDI is also  First Develop India  says PMemployment
(Modi said he wanted to make…)
NEW DELHI: Ease of doing business, focus on Public-Private partnerships, harnessing the potential of Democracy, Demography and Demand - that's what forms the key focus of PM Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign.
Calling development of India a 'collective responsibility', PM Modi on Thursday said, "We must stress on two FDIs - First Develop India and Foreign Direct Investment." "For Indians FDI is a responsibility, it means to First Develop India, for global investors FDI is an opportunity in the form of Foreign Direct Investment," he explained.
Focusing on job creation through growth of the manufacturing sector, Modi said, "We need to enhance the purchasing power of Indians. We need to create jobs to move poor to middle class bracket." "Treat India as not just a market. See every Indian as an opportunity to increase their purchasing power," Modi emphasised.
"We have to change the economic dynamics; we have to improve manufacturing in a fashion that benefits the poor. This is a cycle, move poor people towards being a part of middle class," he added. "Manufacturing boost will create jobs, increase purchasing power, thereby creating a larger market for manufacturers," he explained.
The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
Talking about the ease of doing business, Modi stressed on ensuring smoother state-centre relations. "Development of states is important. States and centre have to work together to attract investment." "Development of states is development of India," he added.
Laying out a red carpet to both global and domestic industrialists and investors, Modi said, "We want our companies to shine as MNCs. We are ready to stand as facilitators." "We can change the direction and fate of India," he sought to assure.
In the context of manufacturing and deficits Modi advocated the importance of exports. "We are aggressively going to work towards export promotion," he said.
Watch: Make India a manufacturing hub: Narendra Modi
  Stating that Asia is the next growth story Modi said, "The world is looking to Asia for growth. I don't need to give an invitation; I just need to tell people the address of India."
Seeking to reassure investors of the government's intent to promote growth Modi said, "Development is an article of faith for the government. We are dedicated to growth." "I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance. Government working as a facilitator can produce results," he added.
Noting the important role that government has to play Modi said, "I want to take India higher on Ease-of-Doing-Business Index. We need to create an environment of growth, development in the country." "Incentives alone won't work; development and growth directed measures are important. Investors need security first, then growth and profit," he said.
"Government should intervene to instil confidence. Government is committed to growth; there is no political agenda but article of faith. Be assured you will not lose your money," Modi told investors. "Rule of law should be there, corporate government responsibility should be the norm," he said while talking about collective development responsibility.
Modi expressed confidence that the NDA government has reversed the trend of investors wanting to leave India. "In the last one year, many industrialists wanted to shift out of India. We don't want that industrialists should be forced to leave India. I can say with confidence that people don't think of leaving India now."
Trust formed the mantra of Modi's pitch to investors. "I agree that money doesn't come by merely inviting it. We should begin by trusting each other. Trust is the first step."
Citing the government's move to allow self-attestation of documents Modi said, "Self-certification may seem a small decision, but we have trusted the citizens of the country. Our motto is to trust citizens; this trust has the potential to change many things."
Modi also talked about the critical importance of robust infrastructure. "We have to move towards next generation infrastructure. We need not just highways, but I-ways too, that is Information-ways." "We have to move towards port-led development. Infrastructure is important to support manufacturing and industry."
Exhibiting confidence in India's talent pool, Modi said, "Nobody can question the talent of our people...especially after yesterday (after ISRO's successful MOM)." At the same time Modi pointed out that skill manned power should be made available based on requirement of the industry and area.
PM Modi concluded his 'Make in India' pitch by urging investors to focusing on developing India and ensuring that the manufacturing sector becomes a success story.
FEATURED ARTICLES

M&M launches new Scorpio starting at Rs 7.98 lakh; to take on Duster & Safari StormeM&M launches new Scorpio starting at Rs 7.98 lakh; to take on Duster & Safari Storme
By ET Bureau | 26 Sep, 2014, 03.28AM IST
M&M launches new Scorpio starting at Rs 7.98 lakh
M&M launches new Scorpio starting at Rs 7.98 lakh
Gearing up to meet an increasing competition in the SUV segment, M&M launched the new Scorpio priced between Rs 7.98 lakh-Rs 11.46 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra, India's largest selling utility vehicle maker, has launched an-all new Scorpio at Rs7.98 lakh toRs11.46 lakh (ex-showroom, Mumbai). Built on an all-new generation (ladder on frame architecture) platform, the Scorpio in its new avatar not only retains its off-road capability, but has tried to make the drive plusher to give it a car-like comfort, with the aim of taking on the likes of Renault Duster and Ford EcoSport. In its 4-generatio n, M&M has developed the new Scorpio with an investment of Rs150 crore, with over 100 engineers working on the project for over 3-4 years. The company has separately spent Rs100 crore on the platform to churn out more offsprings in the future, one of them being the U301, which will hit the market in 2015.
Pawan Goenka, ED and president of the automotive division at Mahindra & Mahindra, said, "This is the continuing evolution of Scorpio. A lot of effort has gone into it, and we have looked at every part of the vehicle, ensuring that we are giving the best that's possible in this segment. Therefore, the interior, the chassis, the features, exterior — all of it is adding up. It is a new leaf in the exciting history of the Scorpio brand."
Since its launch in 2002, over 4,50,000 Scorpios have been sold across India, and 74,000 units in global markets. M&M averages about 4,000 to 4,200 units a month and it touched a record high in FY13. With the new Scorpio and improving sentiment, M&M hopes to raise its monthly volumes further.
M&M claims that the new Scorpio delivers 5-6% more fuel efficiency than its predecessors, best-in-class turning radius, and the SUV has been built on a new chassis, new transmission and gearbox, softer suspension and a re-tuned 2.2 litre Mhawk engine, which will deliver enhanced ride, handling and driving dynamics. This is apart from the new exterior and interior styling, with a new firstin-segment features.
Hormazd Sorabjee, editor, Autocar India, agrees, saying that Scorpio is a brand that transformed Mahindra from a rural to a mainstream automaker. But the future depends on how proactively the company reacts to competition.
"The new Scorpio is a big improvement for M&M, and it will do well, but there is a tidal wave of SUVs coming to India. Mahindra needs to fast-track product lifecycles to keep pace with competition," Sorabjee added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Adani s rail line for $15 bn coal mine project gets nod from Australia govtAustralia approves outback rail plan for Adani's coal mine
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 03.37PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(India is home to the world's…)
MELBOURNE: Indian conglomerate Adani Mining today won Australian government's approval to build a whopping $1.94 billion rail line for its Carmichael coal mine project, a "significant milestone" in the company's operations here.
Queensland state's Coordinator General last month had cleared the way for the Aus dollars 2.2 billion ($1.94) 300-km rail line called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
The 16.5 billion Australian dollars ($15 billion) coal project is expected to provide electricity for up to 100 million people in India. The rail line will enable transportation of 100 million tonnes of coal annually.
After last month's clearance, the Australian subsidiary of Adani Enterprises needed the approval of Environment Minister Greg Hunt to proceed with the rail line.
The conglomerate, in a statmeent, today said it has received the final nod for its significant investments in mining and infrastructure in Queensland.
"Following on from the Commonwealth Government's approval of the Carmichael mine, as well as the Queensland Coordinator General's approval of the North Galilee Basin Rail Project (NGBR) in August, Adani welcomes today's announcement of the approval by Environment Minister Greg Hunt of the NGBR," the company said.
The development follows July's announcement by Adani of Korean giant POSCO E&C as the EPC contractor and joint venture partner on the NGBR and the company's agreement in August to acquire Linc's interest in royalties at the Carmichael mine.
Adani said these important milestones all underlined the growing confidence in the project as the shift from the approvals phase to the build phase continues.
Welcoming today's approval for the rail project, Adani Mining CEO and Country Head Jeyakumar Janakaraj said "Today's approval is a significant milestone in the life of our integrated mine, rail and port project, helping transition from approvals to the build phase."
"The minister's detailed consideration of our rail plan and subsequent approval, together with the work done by Deputy Premier Seeney, has ensured Adani is well placed to progress its long term future with Queensland," Janakaraj said.
"Our long term future with Queensland will mean more than 10,000 jobs, $22 billion in taxes and royalties to the state, and by helping deliver energy security, will light the lives of millions of Indians," he said.
NGBR represents a significant milestone for infrastructure development in Queensland, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sony launches new flagship Z3  wants to end year with 30 newmodelsThe Xperia Z3 Compact features a 4.6-inch HD display with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. It shares the same hardware specifications with the flagship Z3.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 25, 2014 4:40 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 8:27 pm
Sony, which launched its latest flagship Sony Xperia Z3 in India on Thursday, wants to have 30 new smartphone models by the end of the year. The company has launched the Xperia Z3 at Rs 51,990 and the Compact version of the same at Rs 44,990.
Kenichiro Hibi, Managing Director, Sony India
“With Xperia Z3, we are not just targeting existing Xperia Z series users, but also users of other smartphone brands, who want to upgrade to one of the most powerful and greatest smartphones till date from Sony,” Kenichiro Hibi, Managing Director, Sony India told IndianExpress.com. “It is becoming quite normal for two flagship models to be launched in the same year to offer an upgrade option for other smartphone brand”.
With the Z3, Hibi said, Sony was combining all of its best technologies in digital imaging, video, audio and entertainment (gaming) into one device, “all packaged in our signature sleek and aesthetic design”. The company is also offering a smaller, cheaper version of the flagship, the  Sony Xperia Z3 Compact. “The Compact packs all the path-breaking features and uncompromised performance of Xperia Z3 in an attractive compact size. The two smartphones cater to the segment of people who are technology enthusiasts and want to own the very latest and best products,” Hibi added.
The Z3 will stand out for its water and dust proof body as well as ability to shoot 4K video and stretch the battery life well over a day. The Z3 Compact has a smaller 4.6-inch screen size, but almost all the other features of the larger version.
On the changed market situation in India, where newer players with budget phones are raking in the volumes, Hibi said: “The Indian smartphone market offers potential for all players to grow. There will always be a market for lesser priced or discounted products and brands, as there will be for more premium brands that offer the best quality.” He said Sony had 30 smartphones models planned for launch this year, including variants and are focusing on the entire spectrum from sub Rs 10,000 segment, to high-end premium smartphones.
Incidentally, Xperia is the fastest growing product category for Sony India and is expected to contribute over 40% of total business in FY14. “In order to drive this growth, we have allocated Rs. 350 crore of our total marketing budget towards Xperia and have further expanded our distribution network to a solid 9,500 touch-points including 250 Exclusive Xperia Stores in FY14,” Hibi added.
Asked if expensive flagship smartphones were becomng niche in India, he said there is still a significant market of buyers who seek the latest and best quality phones, featuring the newest technology and the most innovative continued…

Sensex drops 276 pts to one month low; oil  metal stocksbleedAs many as 23 stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI, Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, ICICI Bank and ONGC. However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers.
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:06 pm
Markets today slumped for the third straight day with Sensex losing over 276 points to end at 1-month low on losses in metal, power and banking bluechips due to mass cancellation of coal mines and sharp drop in oil & gas shares on government deferring a hike in gas price.
Besides, caution prevailed on the last day of September derivative contracts that also influenced cash market sentiments. Turnover at BSE and NSE exchanges crossed Rs 7.2 lakh crore in late trades.
The BSE Sensex after a better opening at 26,808.66, advanced to 26,814.20, tracking positive global cues on strong US economic data.
However, selling pressure emerged in blue-chip stocks led by oil and metal stocks which forced the index to touch intra-day low of 26,349.55. The Sensex finally settled at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent. This is its weakest closing since August 26. The 30-share gauge has lost 730 points in 3 days.
As many as 23 stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI, Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, ICICI Bank and ONGC. However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers.
Metal stocks such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Hindalco, Bhushan Steel, Usha Martin, Monnet Ispat remained under pressure due to Supreme Court cancelling mines.
Jaypee group stocks Jaiprakash Associates, Jaiprakash Power and Jaypee Infratech fell 13-19 per cent after a deal to sell 3 hydro projects failed.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty plunged 90.55 points, or 1.13 per cent, to close at 7,911.85 after shuttling between 8,019.30 and 7,877.35 intra-day.
Oil and gas scrips remained weak as government decided to postpone revision in gas prices till November 15.
In a major blow to corporate sector, the Supreme Court yesterday had quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Meanwhile, FPIs sold shares worth a Rs 793.65 crore yesterday as per the provisional data.
IT stocks like Infosys and TCS were, however, upbeat after Accenture said it expects better profits this fiscal.
Sectorwise, the BSE Realty index suffered the most by plunging 3.21 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas (3.08 pc), Metal index (3 pc), Power index (2.8 pc), Banking index (2.69 pc) and Capital Goods (1.91 pc). Small-cap index shed 3.21 per cent and Mid-cap index slumped by 2.4 per cent.

Gold drops to 9-month low | Oil dips below $97Gold drops to 9-month low; outlook by experts
Gold drops to 9-month low; outlook by experts
Spot gold hit a low of $1,206.85 an ounce, its weakest since Jan. 2, and was down 0.5 per cent at $1,210.30 an ounce at 1001 GMT. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Gold prices fell to a nine-month low on Thursday and other precious metals slid as the dollar rose to four-year highs against a basket of currencies and stock markets strengthened.
Platinum fell to its lowest since June last year, sliding below $1,300 an ounce, and silver and palladium also tumbled.
Spot gold hit a low of $1,206.85 an ounce, its weakest since Jan. 2, and was down 0.5 per cent at $1,210.30 an ounce at 1001 GMT. US gold futures for December delivery were down $8.70 an ounce at $1,210.80.
A run of upbeat US data has highlighted the diverging economic outlook for the euro zone and the United States. Expectations are growing that the Federal Reserve will begin tightening rates early next year.
The prospect of diverging monetary policy between the Fed and the European Central Bank sent the euro to a 22-month low against the dollar.
US policy and currency moves are the "one and only driver" of the gold market at present, VTB Capital analyst Andrey Kryuchenkov said.
"A stronger greenback and little or no inflation for the major economies remain the key threat to bullion's upside as we head into 2015," he said.
"Notably ... the world's largest ETF provider was still reporting ETF outflows following a pronounced plunge in its physical book last week," he added. "The physical interest in Asia remains anaemic, and we still see little chance for a sustained price rebound without any consumer buying here."
Holdings of gold exchange-traded funds, popular investment vehicles which issue securities backed by bullion, have fallen by close to a million ounces this month, their biggest monthly outflow this year, according to Reuters data.
Investors will be watching more US data due later on Thursday, including durable goods orders for August, to gauge the strength of the world's largest economy and the implications for the Federal Reserve's monetary policy and the dollar.
PHYSICAL DEMAND SUBDUED
Physical demand has been subdued this year after a record 2013, when prices slumped by 28 per cent. Buying of physical gold in top market China was light on Wednesday, traders said, even ahead of the Golden Week holiday next week.
China's net gold imports from main conduit Hong Kong slid to their lowest since May 2011 in August due to adequate stocks from earlier purchases and as consumer demand remained weak, data showed on Thursday.
News of central bank purchases failed to support gold. Russia added to its gold holdings in August, while Kazakhstan raised its holdings by nearly 800,000 ounces.
Among other precious metals, spot silver was down 0.9 per cent at $17.50 an ounce, spot platinum was down 0.7 per cent at $1,304.50 an ounce, and spot palladium was down 1.7 per cent at $800.25 an ounce.
Platinum earlier fell to its lowest since June 2013 at $1,295.25 an ounce, while palladium slid to its lowest since late April at $792 an ounce.
The chief executive of Russia's Norilsk Nickel said on Wednesday the company, the world's largest palladium producer, and a group of private investors were in talks to buy palladium worth up to $2 billion from the country's central bank.
"With 2.4 million ounces involved, close to one-year's worth of Russian mine supply, this is a bearish development - should it materialize," UBS said in a note. "The uncertainly surrounding it alone should push palladium lower."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Gen Xers make more money than their parents did. So why dont they have more wealthBy Michael A. Fletcher September 18 Follow @Fletchpost
(Photo from Flickr user photosteve101 used under Creative Commons license)
By now, it has become popular wisdom that it is getting harder to make it economically in America. Median wages have flattened, rewards for more productive workplaces tend to flow to those at the top, and the essentials of life and upward mobility—education and health care—have increased in price faster than almost anything else.
It would be nice if that were not all true. But a report released Thursday by the Pew Charitable Trusts only adds to the evidence that it is. The report finds that members of Generation X—defined in the study as those born between 1965 and 1980—earn median income of $43,000 a year–significantly more than their parents did at similar ages. But just 36 percent of them have more wealth.
(Pew Charitable Trusts)
The report found that the big culprit here is debt. The median member of Generation X carries nearly six times more debt than their parents did around the same age. Nearly everyone in Generation X reported holding student loan, credit card, medical or other debt. And the median debt burden is $7,000. Their parents, by comparison, held a little over $1,000 in debt at a similar point in their lives.
“The findings show that Gen X has bigger hurdles to overcome than previous generations did to achieve financial security,” said Diana Elliott, research officer for financial security and mobility at Pew.
The report found that economic mobility also is proving to be tougher for Gen Xers than their parents. Of the 30- and 40-somethings born into families at the bottom of the income heap, half are stuck there and nearly three-quarters have not made it to the middle.
Those at the top also tended to stay in place: nearly 7 in 10 now occupying the top income rung in their 30s are from families whose parents were also above the middle income quintile when they were in their 30s. The report also found what others have concluded when it comes to the characteristics of those closer to the top: they are more likely to be married or part of a couple than those at the bottom. They are also more likely to be college-educated.
The report, which used statistical techniques such as inflation adjustment and adjustments in family income to compensate for the size of families to help facilitate comparisons, offers some sobering implications for the children of Gen Xers–who will find it even harder to move up if their parents do not build more wealth.
Read more:

Washington cant seem to fix Social SecurityBy Martha M. Hamilton September 21
Click to view interactive graphic and to take our poll. (Illustration by Melinda Beck)
Social Security needs fixing. And we’re inviting readers to try their hands at it.
So far politicians haven’t mustered the will to take on the job. Still, there is widespread agreement that it needs to be done and that there are plenty of ways to do it. And the need is growing greater.
In July, the Social Security Trustees produced its annual report, warning of the consequences of inaction: “The urgency of addressing the financial challenges facing both programs is underscored by the fact that the financing shortfall in the … Social Security trust funds has now grown to a size substantially greater, even relative to today’s larger economy, than the shortfall corrected in the landmark bipartisan Social Security amendments of 1983.”
That was the last time serious steps were taking to put Social Security on a firmer footing, including gradually moving back the age at which retirees may collect full benefits to 67 from 65.
The Trustees warned that the Social Security trust fund, where taxes paid by workers and employers are held when they exceed Social Security’s costs, will be depleted and unable to pay full benefits in 2033. At that point, Social Security would be able to pay only 77 percent of currently scheduled benefits with money still coming in from Social Security taxes.
The main problem is demographics. As the baby boom generation continues to retire, there will be more beneficiaries receiving benefits from taxes paid by fewer workers. By 2033, there will be more than 77 million older Americans compared with 46.6 million today, and 2.1 workers for each beneficiary, compared with 2.8 today. And we’re living longer. In 1940, when Social Security was created, average life expectancy for 65 year olds was only into their late 70s. Now, according to  the Social Security Administration, a man aged 65 today can expect to live until age 84.3 on average, and a woman can expect to live to age 86.6. About one in four of today’s 65 year olds will live past age 90, and one in 10 will live past age 95.
There are also economic factors. And the potential crisis coincides with a change in the pension landscape, with fewer retirees having a steady source of income from a traditional pension. Retirees whose savings fall short of what they need and those who have no savings depend on Social Security. For one third of elderly households, it is their only income. In 2013, the average annual income from Social Security was $15,528.
And fixing Social Security gets harder the longer the wait. As the Trustees noted, doing it in a timely way makes it possible “to phase in necessary changes gradually and give workers and beneficiaries time to adjust to them. Implementing changes soon would allow more generations to share in the needed revenue increase or reductions in scheduled benefits.”
So what’s the problem? Mostly it’s political. There’s no will to grapple with the real work of fixing Social Security in election years or in between. And as the ranks of retirees grow, so does their lobbying clout, which will make it harder to reduce any benefits. And it’s plenty strong now.
Take the politics out, and it is much simpler.
“The arithmetic of the problem is not very difficult,” former Director of the Office of Management and Budget and Senior Brookings Fellow Alice Rivlin told an annual meeting on retirement research last year. It requires “tinkering on both sides,” she said.
That is also the premise for The Social Security Fix-It Book produced by Boston College’s Center for Retirement Research, which calls it a cheerfully narrated guide to “everything the earnest but over-burdened citizen needs to know.” As the book notes, the solutions are increasing revenue, cutting benefits or a mix-and-match of the two. We’re asking readers to solve the problem not permanently, but for 75 years, which is Social Security’s planning horizon.
We’ve partnered with the Center for Retirement Research to bring you a list of potential solutions — and their pros and cons — to this looming crisis. So get to it, earnest citizens. Let us see what combination of steps you favor .

Billionaires Are Hoarding Mountains of Cash: Surveybillionaires are hoarding mountains of cash: survey
McDonald s Happy Meals are a millennial problem  not...6
It's not an insurmountable problem in that the company had $35.8 billion in systemwide U.S. sales in 2013, according to QSRMagazine.com. Sales could slide an awfully long way over an awfully long time before anyone overtakes it. The next closest chain was Subway, with $12.7 billion in 2013.
In fact, you can combine the 2013 U.S. sales of Wendy's, Burger King, Taco Bell, Chick-Fil-A, KFC and Five Guys, and McDonald's still comes out almost $200 million ahead.
Which bring us to lunchtime with the girl, 8. We had an hour between gymnastics classes. We were a block from McDonald's.
"I only want to go there if they have a prize I want," she said.
They didn't.
Later, over quesadillas at Chipotle, she suggested McDonald's could win her affection with a full-size American Girl doll in its Happy Meals. "But," she said, thinking about it for a moment, "that Happy Meal would probably cost $100."
If an 8-year-old feels that way about Happy Meals and Mighty Meals, what about the grown-ups taking them out to eat? And what happens when those 8-year-olds become 18?
"More choices, sophistication and better quality are driving kids' attitudes away from McDonald's and toward these other restaurants," Tristano said. "When kids get into that 8-to-12 range, before they become tweens even, they not only want something different, they want something better. What's changed is the fast-casual industry — like Chipotle and Panera — all these offering other choices and higher quality."
McDonald's has said it understands that millennials, like all of its customers, "share a desire for fresh, quality ingredients," and it's looking to expand its offerings to meet that demand. It's also trying to tap into digital marketing and mobile ordering platforms.
But the lesson about the Happy Meal is it has to be about the food, not the geegaws and gimmicks. As the Beatles, absent parents and spurned self-financed politicians all will tell you, real loyalty is earned not bought.
"Trying to change who you are, which we all know as individuals, is very difficult," Tristano said. "This is a big train that needs to slow down and stop before it changes direction. … The next generation may be the one that they're going to get to return to McDonald's, and that could start with the kids' meals."
Keeping eyes on the prize for McDonald's means keeping the focus on the food.

Wal-Mart teams with Green Dot on checking accountBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel September 24 Follow @DaniDougPost
(Jin Lee/Bloomberg)
The list of things you can get at Wal-Mart is about to get longer as the world’s biggest retailer plans to roll out everyday low prices on checking accounts.
Wal-Marts across the country will stand in as bank branches for GoBank, the mobile banking platform backed by Green Dot Bank. Starting in October, consumers can head to the big-box retailer to sign up for or deposit cash into a GoBank account, giving the smartphone-based bank an advantage over competitors such as Simple and Moven.
The partnership offers Wal-Mart yet another opportunity to become one of the largest financial services providers in the nation, without many of the regulatory headaches that plague traditional banks. Wal-Mart already offers a prepaid debit card, credit card, check cashing and money transfers. The retailer is even a part of a consortium that is building a mobile payment system that limits the role of banks.
What gives Wal-Mart an edge in financial services is its massive customer base, with hundreds of millions of people visiting its stores every week. That consumer advantage could significantly boost GoBank’s membership.
GoBank, which launched in 2013, promotes itself as an alternative to traditional bank accounts, with no overdraft or minimum balance. Membership costs $8.95 a month, but can be waived for customers with direct deposit of at least $500 a month.
It costs $2.95 to buy a starter kit, which comes with a temporary debit card for use until a personalized card arrives in the mail. GoBank customers can withdraw money from a network of 42,000 ATMs at no cost, but will be hit with a $2.50 fee for stepping out of network. The debit card can be used wherever MasterCard is accepted, Wal-Mart officials said.
“Our customers really don’t feel they are getting a great value from traditional services, particularly checking accounts,” Daniel Eckert, vice president of financial services for Wal-Mart U.S., said in an interview. “Adding GoBank gives our customers another option to better manage their money, without the unnecessary complexity and sky-high fees of other accounts.”
Although Eckert said GoBank has broad appeal beyond people with limited or no access to banks, the account could be attractive to those who have been pushed out of the banking system because of past financial transgression. GoBank, unlike other mobile and traditional banks, will not use the Chex­Systems database to review would-be customers.
Thousands of banks and credit unions screen would-be customers through databases such as ChexSystems that document repeated overdrafts, bounced checks, unpaid balances and other behavior that could signal fraud. Authorities have accused institutions of using these databases to bar people who have had even brief money troubles from getting accounts.
Green Dot uses an in-house system to screen GoBank customers for a history of fraud and to verify their identity.
“You still have an obligation to make sure the bank has honest and legitimate customers, but we’re not relying on bureaus that stack the cards against everyday working Americans,” Steve Streit, founder and chief executive of Green Dot, said in an interview.
Streit anticipates that a majority of GoBank’s customers will still primarily use their smartphones to conduct transactions, although they now have the convenience of stopping at Wal-Mart to deposit cash into their accounts, something people can’t do using a smartphone.
Smartphones have become the center of financial services as companies latch onto technology that could help them reach millions of people at a fraction of the cost of traditional banking.
It costs banks about $1.34 for tellers to process a transaction in a branch, while the same transaction on a smartphone costs one-tenth of that amount, according to CEB Tower Group. Wal-Mart has an established network of stores and can provide GoBank services alongside all of its other financial products, keeping its expenses to a minimum.
Wal-Mart and Green Dot will make money off of interchange, the fee merchants pay when people buy goods with plastic. The companies would not say whether this partnership will eventually lead to an expansion into lending. Since Green Dot has a bank charter, the move would not be a huge hurdle to clear.
Danielle Douglas-Gabriel covers student debt. Before that, she wrote about the banking industry.

SC coal verdict: IDBI Bank falls on exposure to firmsIDBI Bank stock falls on exposure to firms hit by SC coal verdict
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 16:07 IST
Stock of IDBI Bank fell on Wednesday after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993. The bank has an exposure of Rs 2,000 crore to companies affected by the court verdict on coal blocks, Reuters reported IDBI chairman and MD MS Raghavan saying.
The bank is assessing impact of verdict scrapping coal blocks, but think not all the loans problematic, said Raghavan.
The stock closed 5.53 per cent lower at Rs 67.50 on the BSE.

Dr Dre Tops Forbes List of Highest-Paid Hip-Hop ArtistsManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Rapper and record producer Dr. Dre has topped the Forbes list for the highest paid hip hop artists in 2014, with estimated pre-tax earnings of $620 million. The 49-year-old Dr Dre toppled Sean "Diddy" Combs, 44, who is a long way down at $60 million in earnings and is tied at the second spot with Jay Z, 44.
Dre's estimated annual earnings for the 12 month-period between June 2013 and May 2014 is the highest annual total of any entertainer ever evaluated by Forbes.
"It's more than the combined earnings of all 24 of his companions on the 2014 Hip-Hop Cash Kings list," Forbes said.
Apple's $3 billion buyout of high-end headphone company Beats, co-founded by Dre along with music executive Jimmy Iovine, helped the 49-year-old top the 2014 Hip-Hop Cash Kings list.
Jay Z's earnings, his highest since 2010 were "bolstered by a diverse list of ventures including his growing Roc Nation empire; 68 concerts in our scoring period, D'Usse cognac and his latest album, which was certified platinum before it was released due to an agreement with Samsung to buy 1 million copies," Forbes said.
The bulk of Diddy's earnings came from his agreement with Diageo's Ciroc vodka. But, his other ventures like DeLeon tequila, Blue Flame marketing, Sean Jean clothing, and Revolt TV also provided a boost, the publisher said.
Drake, 27, came in fourth on the list with $33 million with earnings from his fourth studio album "Nothing Was the Same," that sold 4 million copies worldwide, an endorsement deal with Nike's Jordan line and a concert tour.
Grammy-winning duo Macklemore & Ryan Lewis rounded out the top five with $32 million.
Pharrell Williams, famous for the "Happy" song made it to the top 10 at ninth spot with $22 million earnings. ( See Full List )
Forbes compiled the list considering income from touring, record sales, publishing, merchandise sales, endorsements and other ventures. Management, agent and attorney fees were not deducted. The earnings were calculated based on data from Pollstar, the RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) and Nielsen SoundScan, and from interviews with managers, lawyers, executives and some of the artists themselves.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 18:13 (IST)

Magzter looks to diversify revenueUpdated: September 24, 2014 23:45 IST
Magzter looks to diversify revenue
Sanjay Vijayakumar
Girish Ramdas
The firm is also looking at monthly subscription-based revenue model similar to that of Netflix for videos.
Digital magazine aggregator Magzter expects half of its revenue to come from advertisements placed inside its app by 2016.
The company currently generates 100 per cent of its revenue from subscriptions of magazines, by keeping 35 per cent of the end-user price. It will also introduce a news feed and books to its library of content.
Magzter has over 4,500 global magazines in its stores, and expects the number to touch over 8,000 by 2015.
The firm has developed an ad engine which would deliver advertisements to magazines and also help place ads at targeted content.
“Google did this for web and online content. We aim to do this for Magazines and books,” Girish Ramdas Co-Founder and CEO of Magzter, said.
Mr. Ramdas said the company’s revenue diversification would start by the end of this year. .
The firm is also looking at monthly subscription-based revenue model similar to that of Netflix for videos. Magzter expects 30 per cent of its revenue in 2015 to come from advertisement, 60 per cent from subscription and 10 per cent from content-wise sales. In 2016, it expects 50 per cent of revenue to come from advertisement, 30 per cent from subscription and 20 per cent from content-wise sales.
“We eventually see advertising being the bigger part of our revenue,” Mr. Ramdas said.
If the advertising was sourced by publishers from their digital editions and used Magzter’s technology, they could retain 70 per cent of the ad revenue, he said. Magzter would keep 30 per cent. It would be vice versa if Magzter sourced the advertisement, he pointed out.
Mobile advertising is expected to reach $25 billion by 2016.

Myeasydocs raises $1 millionUpdated: September 24, 2014 23:39 IST
Myeasydocs raises $1 million
Tweet
Myeasydocs is also planning to start operations in Nepal and Sri Lanka in the coming months.
Online document verification start-up Myeasydocs has raised $1 million from Galal Kulaib, Group CEO at Abu Dhabi Capital Group. Mr. Kulaib has invested in his personal capacity, and will assist the firm to build base in the United Arab Emirates.
Myeasydocs.com uses the software-as-a-service model, where an individual or employer uploads a scanned copy of the certificate or document that is to be verified. The scanned copy is then opened by officials at the university or college, who verify it and attest it with a seal and unique serial number. The serial number can be used to check the veracity of the documents any time.
“We have more than 200 universities and colleges on board. We do about 1,000 verifications a month,” Avira Tharakan, Chief Executive Officer of Myeasydocs, said.
The firm has obtained an US patent for its system last week. “More than 50 universities in the U.S. have used us to access verified transcripts for student admissions,” Mr. Tharakan said.
The firm has tied up with the Singapore Consul-General in Chennai, which is now using its system for verifications and the universities connected to it.
Mr. Tharakan said the firm was in advanced stage of negotiations with a leading visa-processing firm.
Mike Nithavrianakis, former British Deputy High Commissioner, has also joined the firm’s advisory board, and would assist with contacts in the UN and other nations.
Myeasydocs is also planning to start operations in Nepal and Sri Lanka in the coming months.

Petrobras  ONGC Find Gas in Brazil Offshore Extension WellYou are here: Home Industries
Petrobras, ONGC Find Gas in Brazil Offshore Extension Well
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 07:40 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Rio De Janeiro: Brazil's state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA discovered natural gas in a well being drilled to help measure the potential of a giant Brazilian offshore find, the company said in a securities filing on Wednesday.
Petrobras, as the company is known, owns 75 per cent and its Indian partner Oil and Natural Gas Corp 25 per cent of the discovery.
The discovery was made in an extension well being used to evaluate the Poco Verde prospect in the BM-SEAL-4 block. The well was drilled in 2,196 meters of water 58 kilometers off the coast of Aracaju, the capital of Brazil's Sergipe state.
The discovery is one of several in recent years in an area believed to hold more than 1 billion barrels of recoverable oil, enough to make the area the biggest discovery in Brazil since the 2007 announcement of giant offshore resources south of Rio de Janeiro.
The Sergipe discoveries include an adjacent block where Petrobras is in partnership with IBV Brasil SA, a joint venture between India's Videocon Industries Ltd and Bharat Petroleum Corp. Petrobras owns 60 per cent of that partnership and IBV 40 per cent in that area.
Petrobras plans to begin producing oil from the Sergipe offshore area in 2018 with a 100,000-barrel-a-day floating production ship. A second ship with the same capacity is expected in 2020. Development of the area is likely to require more than two ships, Petrobras said last week.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Wall Street rallies  SP back above 14-day moving averageSep 25, 2014, 07.49 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Wall Street rallies, S&P back above 14-day moving average
The day's gains were spread across industries, with nine of the ten primary S&P 500 sectors up on the day, though healthcare and biotechnology stocks .NBI led the gains. Housing stocks also rose following bullish data on the sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wall Street rallies, S&P back above 14-day moving average
The day's gains were spread across industries, with nine of the ten primary S&P 500 sectors up on the day, though healthcare and biotechnology stocks .NBI led the gains. Housing stocks also rose following bullish data on the sector.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks jumped in a broad advance on Wednesday, with the S&P 500 snapping a three-day losing streak and climbing back above a key technical level in a move that pointed to improving near-term momentum.
The day's gains were spread across industries, with nine of the ten primary S&P 500 sectors up on the day, though healthcare and biotechnology stocks .NBI led the gains. Housing stocks also rose following bullish data on the sector.
The S&P posted its biggest one-day advance in more than a month and closed above its 14-day moving average, which it had ended under for the previous two sessions. The day's advance continues a long-running trend of investors buying on dips.
 
At its session low on Wednesday, the benchmark index neared its 50-day moving average before rebounding. If that level continues to serve as support, it could provide a floor against deeper equity losses. The S&P hasn't had a correction, defined as a 10 percent decline from a peak, since 2012.
"We're having a nice bounce on the housing data, which hasn't been very good in a while, and people are buying the recent dip," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Group in Bedford Hills, New York. "This is a market that continues to attract capital from other asset classes, because where else can investors go for yield?"
New home sales jumped sharply in August, easing concerns over the sector stemming from Monday's weak report on existing home sales. The PHLX Housing index rose 0.6 percent.
Equities were also supported after a top Federal Reserve official said at a conference that the Fed should be "exceptionally patient" in removing monetary policy accommodation.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.6 points, or 0.91 percent, to 17,211.47, the S&P 500 gained 15.65 points, or 0.79 percent, to 1,998.42 and the Nasdaq Composite added 46.53 points, or 1.03 percent, to 4,555.22.
In company news, Bed Bath & Beyond jumped 7.3 percent to USD 67.28 as the biggest S&P 500 gainer a day after reporting earnings and revenue that beat expectations.
The Nasdaq biotech index rose 2.8 percent in its biggest one-day advance since July 18. Among specific names, Vertex Pharma climbed 6.7 percent to USD 111.91 while Alexion Pharma added 6.4 percent to USD 168.79 and Biogen rose 4.3 percent to USD 346.41.
Biotech stocks had fallen in Monday's and Tuesday's sessions, pressured as investors took profits in the high-flying group, which many traders view as overvalued.
After the market closed, Jabil Circuit shares rose 5.8 percent to USD 22.06 in extended trading after the company reported its results.
About 56 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange ended higher while 64 percent of Nasdaq-listed names closed in positive territory.
About 5.63 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, compared with the month-to-date average of 6.01 billion.
RELATED NEWS

Coal Blocks  Players May Have to Pay Rs. 10 000 Crore as Fine: CrisilManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi:
With cancellation of 214 coal blocks, the players of operational units may have to shell out Rs 10,000 crore as fine, rating agency Crisil has said.
"Players who have operational coal blocks will witness a sharp decline in profitability post 2014-15, as they would have to substitute captive coal with imported coal which is about four times more expensive (as Coal India may not supply domestic coal to these players given its FSA commitments to the power sector)," it said in a statement.
In 2015-16, impacted players in the sponge iron and aluminum sectors are expected to witness a 900-1,000 bps and 300-400 bps decline, respectively, in operating profitability, it added.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993. The four blocks saved from cancellations are one each of NTPC and SAIL and two mines allocated for Ultra Mega Power Projects.
"For these cancelled blocks, the court granted six months to shut down operations. Moreover, players with operational blocks have been asked to pay a penalty of Rs 295 per metric tonne of coal mined up to 2014-15, which will translate to Rs 100 billion (Rs 10,000 crore)," it said.
Of the 218 coal blocks allotted so far, only 40 blocks have been commissioned as of 2013-14, with a production of 39 million tonnes, it said.
The statement added that the impact of de-allocation of operational coal blocks on 7-8 GW of linked power projects will be limited as these operate under a fixed return model.
"Moreover, we expect alternate domestic coal supply (albeit at a higher price as compared to captive coal) to be provided to these projects as most of them are operated by state-owned utilities," it said.
"We expect the power purchase cost for utilities to rise, particularly in West Bengal and Punjab, where it would increase by Rs 0.5-0.8 per unit given that these plants account for a large share of power purchase," it added.
However, it said, at pan-India level, the impact would be negligible as these plants account for less than five per cent share of total generation.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 08:10 (IST)

Coal India Gains; Citi Upgrades After Supreme Court VerdictYou are here: Home Market
Coal India Gains; Citi Upgrades After Supreme Court Verdict
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 10:18 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Coal India gained 1.2 per cent, adding to Wednesday's 4.9 per cent gain.
Citigroup upgrades to "buy" from "neutral", citing de-allocation of captive coal blocks as a positive for company's e-auctions of coal to customers.
Coal India is expected to manage de-allocated coal blocks until they are re-auctioned.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jaiprakash Group Shares Slump After Deal Called OffYou are here: Home Market
Jaiprakash Group Shares Slump After Deal Called Off
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 10:17 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in Jaiprakash group companies plunged today after the the company's deal with Reliance Power was called off. Jaiprakash Associates slumps as much as 9.6 per cent to the lowest level since August 2013.
Jaiprakash Power Venture said on Wednesday a deal to sell its entire hydropower business to Reliance Power Ltd has collapsed.
"This will further put pressure on the JP group to clear debt in its books. It's negative to the group," said an analyst with a foreign brokerage.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures plunged 7.3 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Narendra Modi to meet Israeli PM during US visitNarendra Modi to meet Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu during maiden US visit
PTI     New York   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 18:44 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet Benjamin Netanyahu his Israeli counterpart on Sunday during his stay in New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly, on his maiden visit to the Unites States .
According to sources, Modi is set to meet the Israeli Prime Minister on September 28, the day on which he will also address thousands of Indian-Americans at the Madison Square Garden in Big Apple.
The prime minister will also meet an influential American Jewish group which had congratulated him soon after his electoral victory and hoped that under his leadership, the country's ties with the US and Israel would strengthen further.

US citizen imprisoned in N Korea for espionage says he s working 8 hrs a day  but health alrightPress Trust of India | Pyongyang | Posted: September 25, 2014 11:56 am
An American man recently sentenced by North Korea to six years of hard labor says he is working eight hours a day digging in fields and being kept in isolation, but that so far his health isn’t deteriorating.
Under close guard and with only enough time to respond to one question, 24-year-old Matthew Miller spoke briefly to an Associated Press Television News journalist at a Pyongyang hotel, where he had been brought to make a phone call to his family. It was his first appearance since he was convicted Sept. 14 of entering the country illegally to commit espionage.
“Prison life is eight hours of work per day. Mostly it’s been agriculture, like in the dirt, digging around,” Miller said when asked if he was in prison and if so what conditions were like.
“Other than that, it’s isolation, no contact with anyone. But I have been in good health, and no sickness or no hurts,” he said, showing little emotion.
Wearing a prison-style gray uniform and cap, Miller was filmed sitting down at a phone booth at the hotel and pressing the buttons on a phone while a North Korean guard stood behind him. Officials said Miller spoke to his father, but the APTN journalist was not allowed to hear the conversation. Miller does not have routine access to phone calls home.
The Bakersfield, California, native showed several letters he had written pleading for help from influential Americans, including first lady Michelle Obama, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
At Miller’s 90-minute trial, North Korea’s Supreme Court said he tore up his tourist visa at Pyongyang’s airport upon arrival on April 10 and admitted to having the “wild ambition” of experiencing prison life so that he could secretly investigate North Korea’s human rights situation.
Miller is one of three Americans detained in North Korea. Jeffrey Fowle, who was arrested in May for leaving a Bible at a sailor’s club, is expected to be tried in court soon. Kenneth Bae was sentenced in 2013 to 15 years of hard labor.
Last week, Robert King, the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues, said Pyongyang has not accepted American offers to send a high-level envoy to seek release of the three men. King said that freeing the detainees could provide a diplomatic opening in ties between the two countries, but that Washington would not give into attempts to “extort” political gain from the detentions.
King would not specify whom the Obama administration was willing to send. But Scott Snyder, senior fellow for Korea Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations think tank, said he was told by the administration that it has offered in recent weeks to send Glyn Davies, who leads U.S. diplomacy on North Korea’s nuclear weapons program, and Pyongyang has not responded favorably.
In 2009, North continued…

Your medical record is worth 10 times more than your credit card on the black marketSep 25, 2014 at 12:50pm IST
Your medical record is worth 10 times more than your credit card on the black market
26
3
New York/Boston: Your medical information is worth 10 times more than your credit card number on the black market.
Last month, the FBI warned healthcare providers to guard against cyber attacks after one of the largest US hospital operators, Community Health Systems, said Chinese hackers had broken into its computer network and stolen the personal information of 4.5 million patients.
Security experts say cyber criminals are increasingly targeting the $3 trillion US healthcare industry, which has many companies still reliant on aging computer systems that do not use the latest security features.
Medical identity theft is often not immediately identified by a patient or their provider, giving criminals years to milk such credentials. ( Medical records , via Shutterstock)
#hacking #identity theft #cybercrime
"As attackers discover new methods to make money, the healthcare industry is becoming a much riper target because of the ability to sell large batches of personal data for profit," said Dave Kennedy, an expert on healthcare security and CEO of TrustedSEC LLC. "Hospitals have low security, so it's relatively easy for these hackers to get a large amount of personal data for medical fraud."
Interviews with nearly a dozen healthcare executives, cybersecurity investigators and fraud experts provide a detailed account of the underground market for stolen patient data.
The data for sale includes names, birth dates, policy numbers, diagnosis codes and billing information. Fraudsters use this data to create fake IDs to buy medical equipment or drugs that can be resold, or they combine a patient number with a false provider number and file made-up claims with insurers, according to experts who have investigated cyber attacks on healthcare organisations.
Medical identity theft is often not immediately identified by a patient or their provider, giving criminals years to milk such credentials. That makes medical data more valuable than credit cards, which tend to be quickly canceled by banks once fraud is detected.
Stolen health credentials can go for $10 each, about 10 or 20 times the value of a US credit card number, according to Don Jackson, director of threat intelligence at PhishLabs, a cyber crime protection company. He obtained the data by monitoring underground exchanges where hackers sell the information.
Attacks on the rise
The percentage of healthcare organisations that have reported a criminal cyber attack has risen to 40 per cent in 2013 from 20 per cent in 2009, according to an annual survey by the Ponemon Institute think tank on data protection policy.
Founder Larry Ponemon, who is privy to details of attacks on healthcare firms that have not been made public, said he has seen an increase this year in both the number of cyber attacks and number of records stolen in those breaches.
Fueling that increase is a shift to electronic medical records by a majority of US healthcare providers.
Marc Probst, chief information officer of Intermountain Healthcare in Salt Lake City, said his hospital system fends off thousands of attempts to penetrate its network each week. So far it is not aware of a successful attack.
"The only reason to buy that data is so they can fraudulently bill," Probst said.
Healthcare providers and insurers must publicly disclose data breaches affecting more than 500 people, but there are no laws requiring criminal prosecution. As a result, the total cost of cyber attacks on the healthcare system is difficult to pin down. Insurance industry experts say they are one of many expenses ultimately passed onto Americans as part of rising health insurance premiums.
Consumers sometimes discover their credentials have been stolen only after fraudsters use their personal medical ID to impersonate them and obtain health services. When the unpaid bills are sent on to debt collectors, they track down the fraud victims and seek payment.
Ponemon cited a case last year in which one patient learned that his records at a major hospital chain were compromised after he started receiving bills related to a heart procedure he had not undergone. The man's credentials were also used to buy a mobility scooter and several pieces of medical equipment, racking up tens of thousands of dollars in total fraud.
Medicare fraud
The government's efforts to combat Medicare fraud have focused on traditional types of scams that involve provider billing and over billing. Fraud involving the Medicare program for seniors and the disabled totaled more than $6 billion in the last two years, according to a database maintained by Medical Identity Fraud Alliance.
"Healthcare providers and hospitals are just some of the easiest networks to break into," said Jeff Horne, vice president at cybersecurity firm Accuvant, which is majority-owned by private equity firm Blackstone Group.
"When I've looked at hospitals, and when I've talked to other people inside of a breach, they are using very old legacy systems - Windows systems that are 10 plus years old that have not seen a patch."
KPMG partner Michael Ebert said security has been an afterthought for many medical providers - whether it is building encryption into software used to create electronic patient records or in setting budgets.
"Are you going to put money into a brand new MRI machine or laser surgery or are you going to put money into a new firewall?" he said.
11

Rajan Says Need to Tackle  Persistent  InflationMumbai: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said the country suffered from "persistent" inflation, adding India had to act, while also noting the need for more data across important economic indicators such as employment and producer prices.
"The real problem is that inflation is persistent," Dr Rajan said in a speech.
"We have been emphasising again and again, in order to break the back of inflation we have got to break this persistence. Once we do it we can be much more comfortable."
Dr Rajan has previously said inflation, driven by food inflation, is a structural problem that cannot be solved by monetary policy alone.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

IKEA inks agreement with 2 states to open storesStory
IKEA inks agreement with Telangana, Karnataka to open stores, locations to be decided later
Nivedita Bhattacharjee and Devika Krishna Kumar     Mumbai and Bangalore   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 14:08 IST
Photo: Reuters
Swedish furniture retailer IKEA said it had signed an agreement with two states- Telangana and Karnataka on the company's intention to open stores and to find new suppliers.
The memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Telangana and Karnataka describe the preconditions that IKEA needs in terms of infrastructure, IKEA said in an emailed statement on Thursday.
IKEA India chief executive Juvencio Maeztu told Reuters in a statement that the company had not determined the location of its first stores yet.
"In the first phase we are looking at establishing IKEA stores in Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. We feel very positive about the developments so far, but it is too early yet to say when the first store will open," Maetzu said.
Several international retailers, including Hennes & Mauritz AB, the world's second-biggest fashion retailer, are looking to open their first stores in the country after the government in 2012 decided to allow foreign firms to set up wholly owned subsidiaries in the country.
Ikea is one of the first companies to get approval for a 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in India.
(Reuters)

Blackrock Raises Stake in Nokia by Over 5%You are here: Home Corporates
Blackrock Increases Stake in Nokia Corp by Over 5%
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 16:01 (IST)
New York: Global asset management giant Blackrock has increased its stake in Nokia by over 5 per cent.
US-based Blackrock Inc is the world's largest asset manager with over $4 trillion in assets under management.
In a statement, Nokia Corporation said: "The holdings of BlackRock Inc in Nokia have exceeded 5 per cent of the share capital and voting rights of Nokia."
On September 22, 2014, BlackRock holdings in Nokia, through its controlled undertakings, comprising of both shares and convertible bonds issued by Nokia, amounted to a total of 188,139,957 shares, corresponding to about 5.02 per cent of the total number of shares and voting rights of Nokia, it added.
The total holdings of Blackrock include 179,656,351 Nokia shares, corresponding to around 4.80 per cent of the total number of shares and voting rights of Nokia.
Besides, convertible bonds issued by Nokia that would, upon conversion based on the current conversion price result to a holding of 8,483,606 shares, corresponding to about 0.23 per cent of the current total number of shares and voting rights of Nokia.
The maturity date of the convertible bonds is October 26, 2017, Nokia said.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 15:59 (IST)

ICICI Bank Falls on Worries About Exposure to Jaiprakash GroupYou are here: Home Market
ICICI Bank Falls on Worries About Exposure to Jaiprakash Group
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 14:51 (IST)
ICICI Bank fell 2.2 per cent today. The bank's exposure to debt-laden Jaiprakash group is worrying investors.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures' deal to sell its hydropower business to Reliance Power has collapsed.
Also, the Supreme Court on Wednesday de-allocated all the four coal blocks awarded to the group.
ICICI Bank has more than Rs 5700 crore ($933.4 million) worth of exposure to the group, according to Thomson Reuters calculations from the infrastructure group's 2013-14 annual report.
The bank trading at 2.06 times of its 12-month forward book value compared to 0.94 times of rivals, shows Thomson Reuters data.
An ICICI Bank spokesman was not immediately available for comment.
(1 US dollar = Rs 61.0700)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Why did Naveen govt make me a DGP if they found me corrupt: Prakash MishraThe 1977-batch IPS asked if the Naveen Patnaik government found him corrupt, how did it appoint him as the state police chief two years ago.
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:56 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:03 pm
A day after the vigilance wing of the Naveen Patnaik government lodged an FIR against former Director General of Police, and now special secretary of Ministry of Home Affairs, Prakash Mishra, the 1977-batch IPS officer hit back saying if the government found him corrupt, how did it appoint him as the state police chief two years ago.
On Wednesday, the vigilance police lodged an FIR against Mishra alleging that during his reign as chairman-cum-managing director of OPHWC between 2006 and 2009, he gave advance payment of Rs 59 crore to some steel and cement suppliers in 2009. Director of Vigilance KB Singh said a special audit was done which faulted Mishra. A case under Prevention of Corruption Act and several sections of IPC have been lodged against Mishra.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Mishra sarcastically asked if the government found him ‘extremely corrupt’ between 2006 and 2009, why did it bring him back from central deputation to make state police chief in June 2012.
“A case is made as if I ran away with the money. Even when I became DGP, no one ever asked me to explain the alleged irregularities. If the vigilance officials conducted an inquiry before lodging the FIR, then I should have been asked to explain. What sort of inquiry is this,” he asked, hinting that the move was to prevent him from becoming the next director of CBI. The government will soon shortlist names for the post of CBI director before Ranjit Sinha’s tenure ends in December this year.
Mishra said the allegation of financial misdemeanour falls flat as supplies have been received in lieu advance given to steel and cement suppliers. “Advance is permissible under vigilance department rules. Only in a few cases the accounts have to be reconciled. The CAG in its report has also stressed of reconciling the accounts. In any case, it was the duty of my successors to reconcile the accounts or call me if there was any anomaly. Why wait for five years,” he asked.
Senior IPS officers of Orissa said during Mishra’s tenure the volume of work of the Corporation had suddenly increased to about Rs 200 crore per year. Works were being executed departmentally without contractors. Prior to his joining, steel and cement were being purchased also from manufacturers against payment of advance which used to be adjusted subsequently against supporting documents including details of the receipt of stock.
“Adjustment was a continuous process. At any given point of time, even now, there would be some outstanding advance awaiting adjustment. The board of directors during Mishra’s tenure streamlined the process of procurement of steel and cement further by taking a decision to procure Steel and Cement from reputed manufacturers of the country to ensure both economy and quality. The same decision is being followed by the Corporation continued…

Dollar Marches to Four-Year High; Euro  Oil WiltDollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
London: The dollar hit a four-year high and oil hovered near a two-year low on Thursday, as investors wagered the United States will be one of the few economies healthy enough to wean itself off of central bank aid in the near future.
Share markets in Europe started with small gains as Britain and France debated joining US-led military action against Islamist militants and as the euro sank to a 22-month low on bets the ECB will need a major stimulus effort.
Its President Mario Draghi reiterated in a newspaper interview again on Thursday there was more the ECB can do if necessary.
His words came as the central bank released its latest batch of lending data that, like it has for months, showed there is little in the way of demand for credit in the euro zone's still-struggling economy.
"ECB President Mario Draghi continues to beat the QE (quantitative easing) drums ... so hardly surprising that euro/dollar is trading at even lower levels this morning," said Esther Reichelt, a currency strategist at Commerzbank.
Britain's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAX rose 0.1-0.3 per cent to put the region in the black after a choppy few days, but it was the currency market where most of action was.
With the ECB data casting a shadow, the euro fell to $1.27305 its lowest since November 2012 while the dollar, which had its own momentum following some strong US housing data on Wednesday, powered up 0.35 per cent to a fresh 4-year high against a basket of currencies.
A key factor was widening yield differentials between US 10-year government bonds and their German counterparts. The difference is the biggest in nearly 15 years and is driving more investors to buy the dollar.
The greenback was also within touching distance of its recent six-year high against the yen and was exerting broad downward pressure on commodities markets which are largely priced in dollars.
Brent crude was stuck below $97 a barrel having hit its lowest in 26 months, with abundant supply also continuing to drag on prices.
Gold extended its recent losses too, reacting to stronger equities and the robust US economic data that curbed its safe-haven appeal.
Russia rebound
Geopolitical uncertainty rumbled in the background as air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria continued, but there were more positive signs on the tensions with Russia over Ukraine.
Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko said that for the first time in many months no deaths or wounded had been reported in the past 24 hours in the conflict with pro-Russian separatists indication the ceasefire "has finally begun working".
Russian stocks rose for the third day running, with investors also sensing the European Union may decide to ease some of its sanctions against Russia by the end of the month.
In Asia it had been a mixed day.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.4 per cent after touching a four-month low, though Tokyo's high-flying Nikkei jumped 1.1 per cent as the yen continued to bow to the dollar.
New Zealand dollar meanwhile hit a one-year low after Reserve Bank of New Zealand Governor Graeme Wheeler ramped up his recent warnings about the level of the currency.
"The Bank's analysis indicates that the real exchange rate is well above its sustainable level, and also above levels justified by short-term business cycle factors," he said in a statement that caught markets off-guard.
It also inflicted some collateral damage on its Antipodean cousin, the Australian dollar, which fell to $0.8813, its lowest since early February.
"The statement itself was another intervention threat. The Reserve Bank is saying that even down at these levels the kiwi is too high," said Imre Speizer, currency strategist at Westpac.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

BSE Sensex to End Year at 28 000: Reuters PollThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Bangalore:
The BSE Sensex will jump to new record highs over the next year and beyond as a brighter economic outlook will attract foreign investment even if the US Federal Reserve tightens policy, a Reuters poll predicted.
The benchmark index, which closed Wednesday at 26,744.69 points, will gain nearly 5 per cent more to reach 28,000 by the end of this year and scale 30,750 by the middle of 2015, according to the consensus view of 18 analysts polled in the past week.
The Sensex then is expected to touch 32,500 by the end of 2015, a 22 per cent gain from Wednesday. If realised, that would probably make it one of the best performing global equity markets, certainly better than its peers in emerging markets.
Indian shares have soared more than 25 per cent so far this year on anticipation and follow-through after a landslide election of new government in May.
That compares with a roughly 10 per cent rise in Brazil and Shanghai shares over the same period.
Foreign investors pumped over Rs 76,200 crore into Indian shares between March and August, nearly six times what they invested during the same period last year.
Only 6 of 18 analysts who answered an additional question said a US Fed interest rate hike, expected in the second quarter of next year, would draw those foreign investors away from the Indian market.
India's economy grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter from a year earlier, the fastest in over two years. That is well ahead of growth in the US and the pace expected in many other comparable emerging markets.
"The fundamentals for India are improving. Consumption is gradually picking up, confidence is improving," said Ravi Muthukrishnan Co-Head Research at ICICI Securities.
Inflation has also slowed, which will give the Reserve Bank of India room to cut interest rates in the second quarter of next year, according to a separate Reuters poll published this week.
"Inflation is within the RBI's comfort (zone) and when they start to bring interest rates down, that will be another leg up for the whole economy and markets," Neeraj Dhawan, director at Quantum Securities.
A majority of analysts said the Sensex has not already priced in expected economic reforms by the new government.
Since taking over in May, the government has only made minor reforms such as loosening the cap on foreign investment into railway infrastructure and defence manufacturing, but tax reforms have yet to be decided.
"I expect fresh reform such as goods and service tax implementation, and opening of FDI into other avenues to be triggers that will take the Sensex higher next year," said CA Rudramurthy, Research Head at Vachana Securities.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Modi fans in New Jersey flaunt customised car number plates  BJP tattoosIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sony launches Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 compactSony launches Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 compact for Rs 51,990 & 44,990
By Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau | 25 Sep, 2014, 03.57PM IST
Both the phones follow Sony's Omnibalance unibody design - the Xperia Z3 uses aluminum on sides whereas the Z3 compact comes with plastic sides.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Sony India on Thursday launched its latest flagship smartphone for 2014, the Xperia Z3 in India. Priced at Rs 51,990, the Xperia Z3 improves upon its predecessor in terms of display, hardware and design. Along with the Z3, Sony also launched the Xperia Z3 compact for Rs 44,990.
Both the phones follow Sony's Omnibalance unibody design - the Xperia Z3 uses aluminum on sides whereas the Z3 compact comes with plastic sides. Both phones have scratch resistant glass on the front and rear and meet IP58 certification for dust and water resistance. While the Xperia Z3 has a 5.1-inch full HD display, the Xperia Z3 compact features a 4.6-inch HD display - both phones use Sony's proprietary Triluminos display with X-Reality Engine for optimized display.
Hardware includes the top of the line 2.5Ghz quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor, Adreno 330 graphics, 3GB RAM (2GB RAM on Xperia Z3 Compact) and 16GB storage (expandable). Sony has kept the same 20.7MP camera with 4K video recording support on both phones. The phones run the latest Android 4.4 and come with 2.2MP front camera, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, MHL port Stereo FM and active noise cancellation with dedicated microphone.
Sony has announced that both smartphone will have 4G LTE support for Indian operators. In addition, both phones are the first smartphone to feature PS4 Remote play feature. Using this feature, PS4 owners can stream their games onto the smartphone screen over WiFi network and continue playing where they left off.
The price includes 3 months free download on Sony Music Jive app and 3 months Bigflix subscription. Both phones will be available in market form today. In addition to the smartphones, Sony also launched its Smartwatch 3 and the Smartband Talk in India. Both of these will arrive in India in December and the price will be announced at the time of launch.

Q&A: St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch on the grand jury considering the Ferguson shootingRobert McCulloch. (St Louis County Prosecutor’s Office via Reuters)
The following interview with St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch was conducted on Wednesday afternoon.
Kimberly Kindy: It’s unusual for you to have a grand jury hear all of the evidence in a case. Why did you choose to do it this way?
McCulloch: “Because of the interest that this case has generated and the concern it has generated in the community. Rather than have the lead investigator testify and a witness here and there, we are giving them everything.”
Kindy: Some people in the community are accusing you of taking this tack to avoid responsibility if Officer [Darren] Wilson isn’t charged. How do you respond to that?
McCulloch: “I don’t know how that is dodging anything. They are getting direct testimony from witnesses to the event…There are some people regardless of the outcome who will not be happy. That just comes with the territory.”
Kindy: There are concerns about civil unrest if the jury does not indict Officer Wilson. Are you doing anything different because of those concerns?
McCulloch: “Everything that the grand jury hears — all the testimony and all the physical evidence — will be released to the public if there is no indictment. People will be able to see everything regardless of what happens.”
Kindy: When do you think the grand jury will be finished with the case:?
McCulloch: “It is looking like very late October, probably going into the first or second week of November even…It’s gone slower than I anticipated. The witnesses have taken longer than we thought they would.”
Kindy: Why has it taken so long with the witnesses?
McCulloch: “They are hearing any statement that they made to the police, to the media and [grand jury members] are hearing from the witnesses themselves…the grand jury can also ask questions as they deem appropriate.”
Kindy: Why extend the grand jury’s term to Jan. 7?
McCulloch:“Nobody anticipates it will go anywhere near January, but in case something does go wrong, we felt it was important to have that time just in case.”
Kindy: When was the last time you had to do this with a grand jury; extend their service in this way?
McCulloch: “I’ve been doing this for 24 years. I haven’t ever done this.”
Kindy: How many witnesses do you have in this case?
McCulloch: “We won’t say how many witnesses there are. We are just saying that anyone who viewed the shooting or witnessed any part of what happened, who have come forward, will testify before the grand jury. It’s very similar to a jury trial in that way.”
Kindy: Can you talk about Officer [Darren] Wilson and his testimony?
McCulloch: “No. We aren’t talking about if he testified or did not testify.”
Kindy: Some members of the community have asked that you step down from the case. They say you can’t be fair. Can you?
McCulloch: “This argument is silly. They keep bringing up my father who was killed in the line of duty…When I was 12 years old, my father was killed. I lost a loved one to violence. The pain was because I lost my father. It didn’t matter that he was an officer….It shaped my life. If anything, it made me a strong advocate for the victims of violence.”
Kindy: You started presenting evidence to the grand jury while the FBI and county police were in the middle of their investigations. How close are they now to wrapping things up?
McCulloch: “For the most part, they are pretty much done. No one has written a report yet though. And normally, we wouldn’t even present to a grand jury until the report was done.”
Kindy: Are jurors hearing evidence from both of the investigations?
McCulloch: The FBI and county police “are doing separate investigations. The county is looking for violations of state law. The feds are looking for violations of federal law. The grand jury will only consider violations of state law, but if the FBI interviewed a witness, they provided that information to us…Whatever the county police has that also went to the FBI. So we are all operating with the same information.”
Kindy: Are you in the jury room at all?
McCulloch: “I met with the grand jurors before the process started to lay out the procedures that they would follow. I told them that was the first and last time they would see and hear from me.”
Kindy: What role are you playing?
McCulloch: “I am playing the role of the supervisor. The two attorneys (Kathi Alizadeh and Sheila Whirley) who are presenting are highly qualified. They keep me abreast of things: when [the grand jury] is meeting, how many witnesses they have and how things are going. I am not involved with interviewing witnesses or talking to witnesses before they go in or anything like that.
Kindy: How often is the grand jury meeting?
McCulloch: “Several times a week. Maybe it’s not a full day each time they meet. A half day here and there. Whatever works for them. Whenever they can get all 12 members together.”
Kindy: What is one of the biggest misconception about the grand jury process that you want to dispel?
McCulloch: “People seem to think I selected the grand jury. The grand jury is selected by a judge. The judge sends that list to us. We play no part in the selection process.”
Kimberly Kindy is a government accountability reporter at The Washington Post.

Assam floods: Death toll rises to 36; around 10 lakhaffectedFlood affected people move to a safer location on a boat in Assam. (Source : PTI)
Press Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:12 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:44 pm
With the recovery of four more bodies today, the death toll mounted to 36 in Assam floods that affected about 10 lakh people in 13 districts and rendered majority of them homeless.
Two more deaths were reported from Krishnai and Kukurkata areas of the worst-hit Goalpara district, while one body each was recovered from Tinsukia district and Guwahati which falls in Kamrup Metro district, officials said.
Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi said 35 to 36 people have been reported dead so far and that the toll could be higher.
Though the rains have stopped and water was slowly ebbing, huge tracks of human habitation and crop fields were under water that reached even up to roofs of thatched- and tinned- roof houses, the officials said.
The authorities have opened 162 relief camps and shelter homes where 1.5 lakh people have taken shelter.
The National Highway in Goalpara was still under water and there was no movement of traffic there, while washing away of a wooden bridge on Aagia-Darek Road has forced the people to come to safety using a rope from one bank to the other.
The floods have caused four small children in Boko area of Kamrup Rural district to become orphans as their parents were washed away by a swollen river, the sources said.
With the cessation of rains since last evening in Guwahati, the flood waters were gradually receding from Anil Nagar, Nabin Nagar and Zoo Road areas, the sources said.
According to the flood report by Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), around 3 lakh people were hit in Kamrup Rural district.
Essential food items and tarpaulin sheets were being provided to the relief camp inmates, the ASDMA release said.
However, people who took shelter on higher roads complained that the authorities have not provided them with food, drinking water or tarpaulin sheets.
Goalpara district was the worst-hit in the floods due to heavy rains in Assam, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh since early this week, while torrential downpour and water running down from the adjacent Meghalaya hills caused heavy waterlogging in Guwahati, the sources said.
Several embankments have been breached and many roads damaged across the state, the ASDMA added.
The worst hit Goalpara district recorded the maximum death (16), followed by Kamrup Rural (12), Kamrup Metro (six), Dhubri and Tinsukia (both one).
The other affected districts are Dhemaji, Barpeta, Udalguri, Kokrajhar, Nalbari, Morigaon, Nagaon, Darrang and Lakhimpur.
The state government had yesterday announced an ex-gratia payment of Rs 3.5 lakh to the next of kin of those who died in the flood.
Meanwhile, Northeast Frontier Railway had cancelled eight trains yesterday and diverted seven others today due to the floods in Lower Assam and damaged track restoration continued…
The authorities have opened 162 relief camps and shelter homes where 1.5 lakh people have taken shelter.

Most debt-based MFs underperform in last 5 y...Asia Index Private Ltd
(The comparative analysis…)
MUMBAI: In terms of returns to investors, most of the debt-based mutual funds in the country underperformed compared to their respective S&P benchmark indices, over the last five years, says a report.
The comparative analysis between debt-based funds and S&P India's two benchmark indices -- government bond index and bond index -- is for the five years ended June 2014.
According to the report by S&P Dow Jones Indices, more than 78 per cent mutual funds in Indian government bonds failed to beat S&P India Government Bond Index, while 53 per cent Indian Composite Bond funds were outperformed by S&P India Bond Index.
"The interest rate remained higher and impacted the active managers in the Indian government bond peer group which underperformed the S&P India Government Bond Index over one, three and five-year periods," Asia Index Private Ltd Senior Analyst Utkarsh Agrawal said.
"Almost a quarter of the funds in this peer group disappeared over the five-year period. Active managers in the Indian composite bond category also could not outperform the benchmark in the five-year period," Agarwal added.
Moreover, as many as 54.36 per cent large-cap equity funds underperformed compared to their benchmark index, S&P BSE 100, in the last five years.
In comparison, only about 34.3 per cent Indian Equity Linked Savings Scheme (ELSS) funds and 38.6 per cent Indian Equity Mid/Small Cap funds underperformed their respective benchmark indices -- S&P BSE 200 and S&P BSE Mid cap -- in the five year period, the report said.
The findings are based on S&P Indices Versus Active Funds (SPIVA) scorecard which measures performance of actively managed Indian mutual funds against their benchmarks.
"Although the actively managed Indian large-cap equity funds outperformed the S&P BSE 100 over a one-year period, they underperformed over the five-year period," Asia Index Private Ltd Senior Analyst Utkarsh Agrawal said.
According to Agarwal nearly 17 per cent of the mutual funds in the large cap equity segment have disappeared, which signify "the difficulty that active managers face in this peer group over longer time periods".
Among the various segments, the report found that only Indian ELSS funds maintained a survivorship rate of over 95 per cent for the five year period, while the same stood at less that 80 per cent for the Indian mid- cap/small-cap equity funds and Indian government bond funds.
Besides, the survivorship rate of Indian large-cap equity funds and Indian composite bond funds was 83 per cent and 93 per cent respectively, over the five year period.
Asia Index is a 50-50 partnership between S&P Dow Jones Indices and leading Indian bourse BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1DyejiYFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 3:49 p.m. EDT September 26, 2014
Dorothy Shumrt reads the "Los Angeles Register" on the day of its launch,  April 16, 2014,  while waiting for a train at Union Station in Los Angeles. It has ceased publication.
(Photo: Richard Vogel, AP)
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When he was under fire during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is."
Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner seems to have a similarly flexible take on the meaning of '10.'"
When he boldly invaded the turf of the Los Angeles Times to launch a new newspaper in the City of Angels in April, the print-loving Kushner told me he had a "10-year plus" plan for the fledgling Los Angeles Register. This week he shut it down.
Eight months before the L.A. Register's debut, Kushner had triggered another newspaper war, this time in Long Beach, Calif., when he started up the Long Beach Register to take on the city's Press-Telegram. Kushner mothballed that start-up in June.
Rieder: Launching a new paper in LA a bold move
For a print guy, Kushner certainly seems to have embraced the Silicon Valley mantra, "Fail fast, fail often."
Kushner, a former greeting card magnate and Web entrepreneur, got into the newspaper business in July 2012 when his equity group acquired Freedom Communications, parent of the Orange County Register. Kushner promptly electrified the media world by declaring his belief in beleaguered print and going on a massive hiring spree at the Register — at a time when many newspapers, completely disrupted by the digital onslaught, were shrinking their staffs, often sharply.
This year has seen waves of layoffs at the Register, the latest this week.
When I wrote about Kushne r and his wildly contrarian ways in February 2013, I asked, "What does Aaron Kushner know that no one else does?" The answer seems to be, not so much.
Aaron Kushner.
(Photo: Frank Bellin, AP)
And clearly, Kushner's pockets are hardly deep enough to sustain such ambitious aspirations in such challenging times.
When I talked this week to the would-be mogul who once expressed interest in buying Tribune Co.'s papers, he sounded somewhat chastened but hardly ready to give up the fight.
When I asked him what had happened to the long-term thinking he had ballyhooed, he replied, "We're very much about long-term, but we're not shy about moving quickly."
In the heady days of the L.A. launch, Kushner agrees, he clearly was not anticipating a run of less than half a year. But he says there simply hadn't been "enough success" in the early stages to justify staying the course.
"When you make investments, they don't always work out the way you want," Kushner says. "That doesn't mean you shouldn't make the investments."
The decision to bury the L.A. Register, Kushner explains, was simple. While he thought the paper was "fabulous" and would have become "robust" if given the time, he and partner Eric Spitz concluded that the company's long-term future would be better served by focusing on the Orange County Register and another Southern California paper, The Press-Enterprise of Riverside, which they acquired last year .
Rieder: This publisher is spending to grow
Well, OK. But that clearly was the case from the get-go.  If it's an either/or choice, you're better off with established businesses than launching quixotic incursions into other newspapers' turf. Even back in the days when newspapers, hard as it is now to believe, were cash cows, successfully establishing a paper in a city that already had one was virtually impossible.
Aaron Kushner, publisher of the "Orange County Register," in his office in Santa Ana, Calif., on Dec. 27, 2012.
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Looking back, was that well-intentioned doubling of the Register staff simply too much? "Hindsight is always 20/20," Kushner says, "Should we have hired fewer people? Maybe. At the end of the day, you've got to try things. Everybody knows that not everything you try will work well."
And despite the rampant setbacks, Kushner rejects the notion that he has been too bullish on print in the rapidly transforming digital age. Kushner, who says preserving newspapers is a "civic duty," sees a "good, healthy long-term future" for the Register and The Press-Enterprise.
But, he hastily adds, "It's not going to be easy. We're running against the tide. But we're certainly going to keep running."
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Maharashtra elections: Nothing new in Shiv Sena s seat proposal  says BJP as alliance hangs in balance41
0
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party are keeping each other guessing even as the  last date of filing nomination for Maharashtra assembly elections nears. The alliance is hanging by the thread over the tussle over the number of seats the two parties would contest.
But the BJP is now saying that the Sena is coming up with the same proposal every time and there is no forward movement in the talks.
"The Sena still hasn't accommodated the alliance partners and us the way they should have. There is nothing new in the different proposals they are coming up with," BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis said on Thursday afternoon.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bharatiya janata party #bjp
The 25-year-old alliance which had swept Maharashtra in the recent Lok Sabha elections winning 41 out of the 48 seats is hanging by the thread after several days of intense wrangling over seat sharing for the Assembly elections scheduled for October 15.
The alliance appears to be in troubled waters as the Sena appeared miffed with the BJP chief cancelling his Mumbai visit. "We waited for two hours at the place where we were supposed to meet, but none of the BJP leaders approached us, After two hours of waiting, we were told that their party chief is not coming to Mumbai," said Sena leader Diwakar Raute.
BJP President Amit Shah had cancelled his Mumbai visit yet again on Thursday even as a late night meeting between the BJP and Shiv Sena failed to reach any solution. The Shiv Sena had in fact reached out to the BJP one last time on Thursday to try and settle the tussle. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray had spoken to BJP President Amit Shah as Shah cancelled his Mumbai visit.
Thackeray told Shah not to set very high goals and also asked him not to stretch the issue any further. Uddhav Thackeray also spoke to BJP's Maharashtra in-charge Om Mathur and asked for an announcement to be made as soon as possible.
The Shiv Sena had demanded 151 seats for itself, leaving 127 for the BJP. Thirteen seats had been offered to the smaller parties. The Sena had proposed this new formula at the talks that were held late on Wednesday night.
The smaller parties in the Mahayuti had issued an ultimatum of Thursday, 11 am to resolve the seat sharing issue. They were unhappy with the proposal of giving only seven seats to the smaller parties. The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana had rejected the Sena's offer of seven seats to them and had threatened to release their list of candidates. They were demanding 18 seats.
Earlier, the Sena had proposed 151 seats for itself and 130 for the BJP.
4

Haryana elections: Rebel Congress MLA Sharda Rathore knocks on opposition s doors3
0
Faridabad: With Assembly elections just round the corner, politicians hopping from one party to the another in quest for a ticket is a common sight. One such politico is Sharda Rathore. A two-time Congress MLA from Haryana's Ballabgarh constituency, Rathore is amongst the legislators on whom the party was relying heavily after its humiliating defeat in Lok Sabha elections.
A lawyer by profession, Rathore was a hit in her constituency and a third term as the MLA would not have come as a surprise even for the opposition camp. However, things took a U-turn when Rathore reportedly met BJP President Amit Shah and also then party chief Rajnath Singh in late August sparking rumours of leaving Congress.
Rathore tried to put a lid on the controversy explaining that she was offered a BJP ticket but she being a 'Congressi' would not join the saffron brigade and would contest from Ballabgarh constituency for the Congress.
A lawyer by profession, Rathore was a hit in her constituency and a third term as the MLA would not have come as a surprise even for the opposition camp.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #sharda rathore #congress #bjp
As the news reached Haryana Congress, CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda's son and MP Deepender Hooda Rathore reportedly summoned Rathore.
However, despite all this, Rathore and her team went ahead with campaigning for the elections as soon as Election Commission announced Assembly election dates. But state Congress President Ashok Tanwar soon cleared the air by announcing that the party would not allow 'traitors' to contest polls.
Party workers have already termed it as the "end of her career". She was reportedly upset with Hooda for not giving her a Cabinet despite she being a two-term MLA.
Unfazed, Rathore went knocking the doors of Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) led by the Chautalas. The INLD kept her in hanging and just two days before the filing of nomination papers, Rathore was denied a ticket. Sources close to Rathore have confirmed that INLD has changed its mind and would not be providing her a ticket.
While it is obviously a loss for Sharda Rathore, the Congress too realises that it will lose the Ballabgarh constituency without her. The blow comes at a time when the party is fighting with its back to the wall to retain power in the state.
0

SpiceJet announces 50 per cent discount on tickets till March 2015Sep 25, 2014 at 04:52pm IST
SpiceJet announces 50 per cent discount on tickets till March 2015
1
0
New Delhi: In yet another low-fare offer, SpiceJet on Thursday announced 50 per cent off on base fares on limited tickets for travel till March 2015 on sale till Saturday. The offer would allow customers to avail 50 per cent discount on available fares for travel in two phases - between October 28 and December 15, 2014 and from January 15 till March 31, 2015.
A customer can save up to 50 per cent on tickets booked between Thursday and Saturday midnight, a SpiceJet release said, adding fares under this offer are non-refundable and non- changeable, barring taxes and fees.
The offer is valid on the no-frill carrier's entire domestic network, though the fares would vary from sector to sector depending on the travel distance. International sectors do not feature in this sale.
The offer would allow customers to avail 50 per cent discount on available fares for travel in two phases.
#spicejet #fare cut #promotional fares #airfare
SpiceJet's Chief Commercial Officer Kaneswaran Avili said "the highest load factor over last few months also means SpiceJet is now India's favorite airline and rightly so, for its innovative and tireless efforts to make flying affordable for everyone."
Travel technology platform TripFactory.com CEO Vinay Gupta said "advance booking for trips are always good for people flying as it allows purchase of tickets at comparatively lower fare", while it also helps airlines to get a higher load factor.
1

Terrifying new normal Could this Ebola outbreak stick aroundBy Abby Phillip September 25 Follow @abbydphillip
A health worker sprays disinfectant on a colleague who had loaded a suspected Ebola victim into an ambulance in Freetown, Sierra Leone, on Sept. 24. (Michael Duff/Associated Press)
An idea long viewed as an unlikely possibility is now becoming increasingly real: Ebola might not go away for a very long time.
It has never happened before in the 38-year history of the virus. Every other time Ebola has made the unlikely jump from the animal world to the human one , it has been snuffed out within days, weeks or, at most, months.
This time, though, in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, the Ebola virus is raging like a forest fire, in the words of several public health officials. And some of them are raising the possibility that the outbreak-turned-full-fledged-epidemic could become fundamentally different from any other Ebola outbreak on record, in that it might stick around.
“What’s always worked before – contact tracing, isolation and quarantine – is not going to work, and it’s not working now,” said Daniel Lucey, a professor of Microbiology and Immunology at Georgetown University Medical Center, who spent three weeks treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone and will soon travel to the Liberian capital of Monrovia for another five-week stint.
"In my opinion," Lucey added, "a year from now, we won't have one or two cases; we'll have many cases of Ebola."
As the worst Ebola outbreak in history unfolds in West Africa, The Post's Joel Achenbach explains how the deadly virus wreaks havoc on the human body. (Davin Coburn/The Washington Post)
Unlike past outbreaks, in which Ebola emerged in the sparsely populated countryside of Central Africa, this outbreak has become an exponentially spreading urban menace.
With the number of infected and dead in the thousands and growing quickly -- and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warning that it could surge past 1 million within four months -- finding and quarantining every person who might come into contact with the virus is a herculean task.
In cramped and chaotic large cities, Lucey said, it might be near impossible to adequately track Ebola infections without the help of medical interventions such as vaccines, anti-viral drugs or immune therapies, most of which could be months or more away from approval. "We would need a campaign like the global smallpox eradication program from the '60s and '70s," he said.
Even in the rural areas, there are worrying signs.
In some parts of West Africa, such as the rural area in southwestern Guinea near where the outbreak began, there are troubling indications that infections are continuing at relatively low but steady level from week-to-week.
That suggests a simmering, steady-state rate of transmission that is just as troubling as the exponential growth observed in the outbreak as a whole, according to Christopher Dye, the World Health Organization's director of strategy. In a new study he co-authored in the New England Journal of Medicine , Dye even raised the possibility that Ebola might become endemic in West Africa.
"The question we're raising is to put in people's minds that the epidemic might not be eliminated from the human population completely for a very long time," Dye said this week in an interview from Geneva. Unless global intervention begins to kick in soon, "at the moment we see no reason why that steady state will not continue to go on and on," he said.
A Liberian woman weeps over the Ebola death of a relative on the outskirts of Monrovia, the capital of Liberia. (Ahmed Jallanzo/European Pressphoto Agency)
Epidemiologists consider a disease "endemic" if the transmission rate hovers around one per infection, and a region that's grappling with a constant low level of continued Ebola transmissions could find it impossible to resume normal public health operations.
In late August, when Lucey was in Sierra Leone, the country's only large referral hospital for children -- nicknamed Cottage Hospital -- shuttered its doors to keep Ebola out. A single child out of a steady stream of hundreds that passed through the facility on a regular basis had been treated for two days before anyone realized he had Ebola.
With Cottage Hospital closed, children and pregnant women in Sierra Leone have nowhere else to go to be treated for basic, life-saving medical care, Lucey said. In Liberia, the situation is similar: With Ebola crippling the health system, Liberians are dying of routine medical problems, as The Post reported last week .
That is how things are right now, with Ebola raging unabated.
But with this virus, there is no middle ground. The presence of even a small number of continued transmissions of Ebola can also wreak havoc on already fragile health-care systems.
When Ebola is present in the population, it is nearly impossible to know whether a patient who walks in is sick with the deadly virus rather than another of the many other conditions that can result in similar symptoms.
"So when a child has a fever and they spit up and they have some loose stools and diarrhea — that is very, very common in a child,” said Lucey. "How can you tell it’s not Ebola or something else? That means that the health-care providers have to wear this really comprehensive, hot, personal protective equipment for all of them."
Most public hospitals are closed because they do not have the ability to treat Ebola patients safely; the risk of treating non-Ebola conditions with similar symptoms – such as dengue fever or even diarrhea — is simply too great.
In Sierra Leone and Liberia, some of these concerns are already coming to pass.
Lassa fever – a similar, but less deadly hemorrhagic fever – is on the rise as the dry season begins.
"There's not even a place really to put all the Ebola patients, so now we're going to have to be thinking about how do we separate the lassa patients from the Ebola patients – because that is not something that we want to mix," Joseph Fair , a virus expert and special adviser to the health minister of Sierra Leone, said in testimony before Congress on Wednesday. "The chances of survival with lassa are much greater than with Ebola."
It is possible, however, that Ebola is not capable of enduring in the human population for long – in part because it is far too deadly. Daniel Bausch, an associate professor in the Department of Tropical Medicine at Tulane University, has spent years researching Ebola and other viruses at the CDC; he is an endemic Ebola skeptic.
"I actually don't buy it; I don't see how this disease could become endemic," Bausch said. "It would have to become much less deadly so you would have something where this can be maintained in a human population independently, long-term -- independently of its maintenance in the wild. You would have to have drastic mutations of the virus."
At least so far, there is no evidence that the virus has mutated significantly to make it any more or less deadly. According to Dye's WHO study of the first nine months of the outbreak, the mortality rate for the virus is 70 percent -- which is on par with previous outbreaks.
But whether Ebola becomes endemic or a just a very long, sustained epidemic that eventually ends, both outlooks are fairly grim.
"We'll either get a handle on it and stop transmission in those places, or we won't and the virus will rifle through the population," Bausch said. "Once it’s gone through population, then pretty much everybody gets Ebola and lives or dies."
RELATED READING:

BJP-Sena alliance to remain intact at the Centre: AnantGeetePrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:39 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:03 pm
Amid indications that BJP and its oldest ally Shiv Sena are likely to part ways ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections, Shiv Sena leader Anant Geete on Thursday said the alliance will remain intact at the Centre.
“We have fought (the elections) as an alliance, the alliance is of NDA (National Democratic Alliance). So, we have no complaints about that, we are a still a part of NDA. Yes, it (the alliance) will remain at the Centre. As far as the state alliance is concerned, discussions are on. We want the alliance to remain at the state level. It is an old alliance based on principles, not electoral politics,” Geete, who is the Union Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Minister, told reporters here.
Asked whether he was planning to put in his papers, Geete said, “There is no question of resigning. I am a part of NDA. It (the future of the Sena-BJP alliance in Maharashtra) should be clear by today evening.”
Differences have emerged between two parties after Shiv Sena refused to accept BJP’s demand for contesting seats more than the last Assembly elections.
As far as the state alliance is concerned, discussions are on. We want the alliance to remain at the state level, said Anant Geete.

India to contribute USD 12 million to UN to fightEbolaPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi approved the contribution just ahead of his deparature to the US. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:27 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 5:48 pm
India on Thursday announced USD 12 million contribution to the United Nations to help it fight the deadly Ebola virus in the African continent.
The contribution was approved by Prime Minister Narendra Modi just ahead of his deparature to the US where he will adddress the 69th session of UN General Assembly in New York on September 27.
“India to contribute USD 10 million to UN Secretary General’s Fund for Ebola. Additional USD 2 million for purchase of protective gear to tackle Ebola,” External Affairs Ministry spokesperson said here.
Ebola virus hit the African continent earlier this year and has killed nearly 2,200 people in several countries there.
The UN Security Council has also declared the outbreak of the  virus in West Africa a “threat to international peace and security”.
UN chief Ban Ki-moon last week had described the situation arising out of spread of Ebola virus in the African continent as “unprecedented” and had announced setting up of the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response to put in place an effective response mechanism.

HC rejects bail plea of Saradha chit fund caseaccusedPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:21 pm
On Thursday the Calcutta High Court rejected the bail prayer of Sandhir Agarwal, who was arrested by CBI for allegedly acting as a link between Saradha Group chairman Sudipta Sen and some officials of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
A division bench comprising Justice Indira Banerjee and Justice S Munshi rejected the bail prayer of Agarwal, an accused in Saradha chit fund case.
Agarwal, a businessman, prayed for bail on the plea that he was not involved in the matter and that he was falsely implicated.
The CBI counsel opposed the bail prayer alleging that Agarwal acted as a link between some officials of SEBI and Sen.
The agency submitted that investigation was under progress and more information was to be gathered from Agarwal, so enlarging him on bail would hamper the probe.
The Supreme Court had handed over the Saradha chit fund scam probe to CBI and asked the state governments to provide all logistical help to the agency’s team investigating the matter.
CBI has formed a Special Investigating Team (SIT) headed by Joint Director Rajiv Singh to also probe the role of some officials of SEBI and Reserve Bank of India as per the Supreme Court’s direction.

BJP-Sena alliance on the brink; leaders walk out from seat sharingmeetingBJP leaders Vinod Tawde and Devendra Phadnavis leave after a meeting with Shiv Sena leaders in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:53 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:24 pm
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance split today amid continued deadlock over seat-sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
After several rounds of talks over the last few days, senior state BJP leaders announced this evening severing of
the ties between the two parties, blaming Shiv Sena’s “inflexibility” for it.
“We have conveyed our decision to snap ties to Shiv Sena. The decision was taken with a heavy heart,” Maharashtra BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis told reporters after a meeting of the state party’s Core Committee.
BJP, however, hinted at the possibility of a post-poll alliance with its estranged ally, saying the party would not criticise Sena during the campaign and remain friends.
“Our aim is to prevent the corrupt Congress-NCP government from coming to power. We will not criticise Shiv Sena during the campaign, we don’t want any bitterness with our ally of 25 years,” Leader of Opposition in the Assembly Eknath Khadse said.
Fadnavis said BJP will go to polls with smaller ‘Mahayuti’ allies.
He said BJP had worked out a seat-sharing deal with Mahadeo Jankar’s Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and Raju Shetty’s Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana.
Our talks with Vinayak Mete of Shiv Sangram are in final stages and we will also speak to RPI’s Ramdas Athawale, Fadnavis said.
“We reiterate that Shiv Sena is still our friend. We will not criticise Sena and our target will be the corrupt Congress-NCP combine,” he said.
 

Mangalam Industrial Finance: E-voting Results of AGMSep 25, 2014, 06.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mangalam Industrial Finance: E-voting Results of AGM
Mangalam Industrial Finance has submitted a copy of Disclosure of E-voting Results of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 24, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mangalam Industrial Finance: E-voting Results of AGM
Mangalam Industrial Finance has submitted a copy of Disclosure of E-voting Results of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 24, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Mangalam Industrial Finance Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Disclosure of E-voting Results of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 24, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ansal Housing Construction: Outcome of AGMSep 25, 2014, 06.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ansal Housing & Construction: Outcome of AGM
Ansal Housing & Construction has informed that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ansal Housing & Construction: Outcome of AGM
Ansal Housing & Construction has informed that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Ansal Housing & Construction Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

CNN-IBN shares 33 per cent of total viewership  tops English news channels  chartIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

PM Modi leaves for US  aims to enhance strategic partnership of the two countriesOct 01, 2014 at  04:11pm IST
PM Modi leaves for US, aims to enhance strategic partnership of the two countries
63
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has left for his visit to the United States of America with a vision to start a new chapter in the strategic partnership of the two countries.
Modi's packed schedule includes meetings with US President Barack Obama, the US administration, other heads of states, leading industrialists and the Indian diaspora. He will also conduct bilateral meetings with the leaders of Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal.
The Prime Minister will make his first address to the UN General Assembly as well as address prominent Indian-Americans at the famous Madison Square Gardens.
Modi will also conduct bilateral meetings with the leaders of Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal.
#modi meets america #narendra modi us visit #narendra modi #bilateral meetings
Ahead of his visit, Modi said that the US is a vital partner for India's development. Following is the full text of Modi's statement:
I am visiting the United States from 26 to 30 September 2014. I will attend the United Nations General Assembly in New York and, thereafter, visit Washington DC on 29-30 September 2014 for a bilateral summit with U.S. President Barack Obama.
Since its participation as a founding member of the United Nations in 1945, India has shown unwavering commitment to multilateral processes to advance peace and security and promote broad-based inclusive economic development in the world. India's contribution to UN peacekeeping operations over decades is a strong testimony of our efforts to contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the UN charter.
The 69th session of the UN General Assembly is meeting at a moment of many pressing challenges for the international community - a still fragile global economy, turbulence and tension in many parts of the world, growth and spread of terrorism, the Ebola health crisis in Africa, climate change and the endemic global challenge of poverty.
I will call for a stronger global commitment and more concerted multilateral action in meeting these challenges. I will urge early adoption of the Post-2015 Development Agenda with focus on growth, development and elimination of poverty. As we head towards the 70th Session of the UNGA in 2015, I will also stress the urgency of early reforms in the United Nations, to ensure that it remains relevant and effective in dealing with the challenges of the 21st Century.
I will also meet the United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon and leaders from other countries on the margins of the UNGA.
The New York leg of my visit will also cover important elements of our bilateral relations with the United States. I look forward to meeting business leaders to invite them to participate more actively in India's economic growth and transformation. This is message that I will also convey to the U.S. business community in Washington DC. My participation in a public event in Central Park in New York that on poverty is to focus international attention on this great challenge for humanity and affirm my support for global civic action, especially involving the youth, to address it.
I keenly await the opportunity to meet the Indian American Community at the Madison Square Garden in New York. Their success in diverse fields, their contribution to the United States, their abiding bonds with India and their role as a vibrant bridge between the two largest democracies is a source of pride for us. They serve as a window to our heritage, progress and potential.
I look forward to meeting President Obama over two days in Washington DC. This will be my first meeting with him. His life's journey is a remarkable testimony to the rights and opportunities that democracies provide, and an inspiration for people around the world.
Shared values, convergent interests and complementary strengths provide the foundation for natural partnership between the world's oldest and largest democracies.
I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation - and, above all, a shared commitment to human values. Working together, and with others, we can bridge the many divisions of our times and contribute to building a more peaceful, stable, secure, sustainable and prosperous world.
I will discuss with President Obama how we can use the strength of all that we share and all that we have built so far to take our relationship to a new level in the interest of our two countries and the cause of this world. I am confident that the visit will mark the start of a new chapter in our strategic partnership.

Global Stocks Track US Higher; Dollar Marches OnAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

State legislation governing private drone useBy Michael Berry and Nabiha Syed (guest-blogging) September 25
This undated image provided by Google shows a Project Wing drone vehicle during delivery. (AP Photo/Google)
With many people, including journalists, photographers and filmmakers , clamoring to fly drones, and in the absence of FAA regulations , states have begun to address the issue. Nearly all states have considered drone legislation over the past few years . More than a dozen states have passed laws substantively regulating drones, with most of these laws addressing the use of drones by government agencies and focusing primarily on law enforcement use.
Several states also have enacted laws regulating private drone use. Theses states have taken varying approaches , have articulated permissible uses, created new causes of action and established new crimes.
Two states have sought to regulate private use of drones by addressing where they can fly. Last year, Oregon enacted a law that allows property owners to sue a drone operator if (1) a drone has flown less than 400 feet above the owner’s property at least once, (2) the property owner has told the drone operator that he/she does not consent to the drone flying over his/her property, and (3) the operator then flies the drone less than 400 feet above the property again. If these three conditions are met, the property owner can seek injunctive relief, “treble damages for any injury to the person or the property,” and attorney fees if the amount of damages is under $10,000.
Tennessee also seeks to restrict drones from flying over private property, but has done so in a different way. It has amended its criminal trespass statute to make it a crime for drones to fly over private property below navigable airspace.
In contrast to these two states’ focus on drone flight, most states that have enacted laws on private drone use have sought to limit who, when and where drones film and photograph.
Texas has enacted the most detailed of these laws. Its drone law — called the Texas Privacy Act – explicitly authorizes drones to capture images in certain circumstances. For instance, it permits owners and operators of pipelines to use drones for inspections and university professors to use them for “scholarly research.” The Texas law also allows drones to capture images of people on “public real property,” of people “on real property that is within 25 miles of the United States border,” and “with the consent of the individual who owns or lawfully occupies the real property captured in the image.”
In addition to these permissible uses, the law prohibits certain conduct — specifically, using a drone to capture images of people or privately owned property “with the intent to conduct surveillance on the individual or property.” The law, however, does not define “surveillance.”
Texas deems this conduct a misdemeanor and provides a defense if the alleged offender destroyed the image as soon as he or she realizes it was captured and has not disclosed it to anyone else. The law also makes it a misdemeanor to possess, disclose, distribute, or otherwise use an image after capturing it in violation of the law.
In addition, Texas law gives owners and tenants of private property the right to file suit to enjoin an “imminent violation” of the criminal provisions and to seek civil penalties and attorney’s fees. The civil penalties include statutory damages of up to $5,000 for “all images captured in a single episode” and up to $10,000 for the disclosure or “use” of “any images captured in a single episode.” An owner and tenant also can recover actual damages if he or she can show that the images were disclosed or distributed with “malice.”
Tennessee has enacted a statute that follows the Texas model. It also has enacted a statute that prohibits the use of drones to conduct surveillance of people hunting or fishing without their consent. Illinois has passed a similar law, making it a crime to use a drone to interfere with hunting and fishing.
Idaho’s law sweeps more broadly. It bars people from using drones “to photograph or otherwise record an individual, without such individual’s written consent, for the purpose of publishing or otherwise publicly disseminating such photograph or recording.” The law, which would undoubtedly face constitutional challenges if enforced, allows a person to file suit and recover either $1,000 in statutory damages or “actual and general damages,” whichever is greater, plus attorney fees and “other litigation costs reasonably incurred.”
North Carolina , likewise, prohibits using a drone to “photograph an individual, without the individual’s consent, for the purpose of publishing or otherwise publicly disseminating the photograph.” But, unlike Idaho, the Tar Heel state provides an exception for “newsgathering, newsworthy events, or events or places to which the general public is invited.”
North Carolina, taking a page from Texas’s statute, also prohibits people from using drones to “conduct surveillance” of people, dwelling, and private property without the person or property owner’s consent.
If any of these provisions are violated, the person or property owner can sue, seeking actual damages, statutory damages ($5,000 per photograph or video disseminated), costs and fees, as well as injunctive relief.
Finally, Wisconsin has passed a criminal law to deal with private drone use. Its law would punish anyone who uses a drone “with the intent to photograph, record, or otherwise observe another individual in a place or location where the person has a reasonable expectation of privacy.” In Wisconsin, that crime is a misdemeanor.
While each of these state statutes might be well-intentioned, they suffer from several significant defects. They also seem unnecessary. We will explain why in another post.

Daawat-e-ishq: A potent recipeSpecial arrangement WITHOUT ANY FRILLS Daawat-e-Ishq is a simple film with a progressive approach
Special arrangement A scene from Daawat-e-Ishq
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
Bollywood might have closed dowry case files but the social evil continues to raise its ugly head. No community or class can say that it is free from the malevolent practice. With “Dulha Bikta Hai” becoming a normal practice among the paying public, mainstream filmmakers who usually look for the unusual also lost interest.
Director Habib Faisal, who has knack for documenting social churning, updates us with the forms the human greed has taken in the society in the times of Facebook and 498A. Yes, the section of Indian Penal Code which empowers women to strike back in dowry cases. But are some of them using the tool to service their self interest? These are some of the concerns that Habib puts across in a cute little film that impresses with its progressive approach without turning into a lesson in moral science.
DAAWAT- E-ISHQ
Cast: Aditya Roy Kapoor, Parineeti Chopra, Anupam Kher
Director: Habib Faisal
Full of spunk Gulrez (Parineeti Chopra) lives with her clerk father (Anupam Kher) in a downtown Muslim neighbourhood in Hyderabad. Fed up of the dowry business, Gulrez decides to dupe unsuspecting boys with 498A to fund her American dream. Her honest father hesitates but ultimately gives in. They shift to Lucknow with a new identity. Among the proposals there is Tariq Haider (Aditya Roy Kapoor), whose cocky attitude and culinary business makes him an ideal candidate. But then the aroma of love spreads without notice and we are in for a delectable ride.
If you get down to the nuts and bolts, the narrative is reverse of Faisal’s “Ishaqzaade”. There the boy fell in love with the girl he was expected to torment and here the girl loses her heart to the boy she is eager to dupe but the storytelling and performances make the journey worth taking.
Written with a lot of care, the nuances in the dialect and the moments in father-daughter relationship entice us to suspend disbelief. Honest performance by Kher and Chopra ensures that there is never a manufactured moment between the two as Habib shows us a Muslim family of today’s India without making a show of it as some kind of Muslim social baulking under the pressure of customs and values. Gulrez has plans to move out form the ghettos to Jubilee hills. There is no Eid in the film but yes there is Holi in its diverse hues. It is this liberal tone that fills you with hope. One had doubts about Aditya transforming into a Lucknow lad but he doesn’t disappoint. The only concern is that after a point you know where it is headed and the songs don’t help in taking you away from the hows and whys. It is the food that plays that supporting part. Habib has a knack for bringing food into his stories and here he turns it into cupid. The use of culinary props is novel and the interplay of kababs and biryani is appetising. Indulge!
Bottomline: A relevant social message delivered in an entertaining fashion.

Maruti  Hyundai rev up on rural market growthPrint
Both Maruti Suzuki India and Hyundai Motors have seen their rural market sales drive up growth.
Written by Sandeep Singh , Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:29 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 9:59 am
For the country’s two top carmakers, the rural markets hold the key to continued growth momentum. Both Maruti Suzuki India and Hyundai Motors have seen their rural market sales drive up growth, even when the demand from the urban markets had slowed down.
While Hyundai saw the share of its rural sale rise from 12 per cent in 2011 to 20 per cent as of August 2014, Maruti too increased its penetration and in FY14 it sold vehicles in 93,000 villages, up from the 44,000 in FY13. Rural sales of Maruti grew by 16 per cent during the year and accounted for 32 per cent of its sales, up from less than 30 per cent a year ago. “Extensive marketing and sales efforts in both urban and rural India have helped increase sales,” a Maruti executive said.
Following a hub-and-spoke model, Hyundai has seen the emergence of 320 rural sales outlets over the last few years. Offering models such as Santro and Eon, they also provide service and repairs. “When there was no growth in the urban markets, we were driving comfort from our rural presence and it compensated for the drop in numbers in bigger cities. Overall, while it compensated for the losses there, it also helped us increase our market share,” said Rakesh Srivastava, Sr VP and division head, marketing and sales, Hyundai. The firm plans to take up its rural sales to up to 30 per cent of its total sales in few years, “We see future growth coming from these markets.”
Other than the changing urban-rural mix, the auto industry is also seeing a change in the demand for cars, depending upon the fuel they run on. While the price of petrol that was higher than diesel by around Rs 23/litre a year ago, the difference now is just Rs 10. With this, the demand for diesel cars that had risen significantly over the last three years, has now come down.
Share of diesel vehicles for industry came down from 58 per cent in FY13 to 53 per cent in FY14 whereas those of petrol vehicles grew by 4 per cent after having declined for two years. A Maruti executive said that in Q1FY15, its diesel sale was “more or less static” as compared to last year. Even for the industry the diesel penetration corrected from 54 per cent in Q1 last year to 50 per cent during the April-June quarter 2014-15.
Hyundai to launch compact SUV in 2015
New Delhi: Having missed out on the rising volumes and high growth in the compact SUV and multi-purpose vehicle (MPV) segments for lack of a product in that space, Hyundai Motors India is all set to roll out one product in each of the two categories over the next two continued…

ICICI launches SB account for minorsUpdated: September 24, 2014 14:12 IST
ICICI launches SB account for minors
PTI
Reuters As per the ICICI Bank's latest initiative, minors will be able to undertake various banking transactions including issuing cheques, paying bills, recharge mobile phones, open fixed deposits and recurring deposits among others.
TOPICS
banking
Private sector bank ICICI Bank on Wednesday launched a savings account for minors above 10 years of age.
The account, which will be opened in the name of the minor, will offer a personalised cheque book and a debit card with a picture of his or her choice, the bank said in a statement.
“We are pleased to offer the ‘Smart Star’ account, which allows minors to operate their accounts independently. This will help to inculcate a habit of saving and responsibility of spending wisely,” bank’s executive director Rajiv Sabharwal said.
Minors will be able to undertake various banking transactions including issuing cheques, paying bills, recharge mobile phones, open fixed deposits and recurring deposits among others.
They will also have access to banking channels such as ATM, mobile and Internet banking.

Reserve Bank may hold rates until Q2 of 2015  then ease  says pollFrom there on, the RBI is expected to gradually cut the repo rate to 7.00 percent by mid-2016. (PTI)
Reuters | Bangalore | Posted: September 24, 2014 3:12 pm
The Reserve Bank of India will probably wait until the second quarter of next year to loosen policy as it wants to cool inflation before trying to spur growth, a Reuters poll found ahead of a policy review meeting next week.
All but three of 46 economists surveyed over the past week said the bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent when it meets on Sept. 30.
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks’ minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio (CRR) that sets the percentage of depositors’ balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
And 16 of 21 economists polled said it will not cut the ceiling on debt that must be held-to-maturity (HTM).
Analysts also pushed back expectations for when the first interest rate cut is likely to happen.
The poll shows they now think the first 25 basis point cut in the repo rate will come between April and June next year, three months later than they had predicted in a July poll.
That would coincide with expectations of the first rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve, in a move that would start pulling the curtain down on almost five years of nearly zero percent interest rates and trillions of dollars spent on stimulus.
From there on, the RBI is expected to gradually cut the repo rate to 7.00 percent by mid-2016.
“From the commentary of Governor Raghuram Rajan it was very clear that inflation remains the focus,” said Bhupesh Bameta, economist at Quant Capital. “That gives us more confidence that instead of the first quarter the first rate cut will be shifted to the second quarter.”
At an RBI meeting in early August, Rajan reaffirmed his commitment to bringing down inflation and said it was “appropriate to continue maintaining a vigilant monetary policy stance”.
Consumer price inflation cooled to 7.80 percent in August from 7.96 percent in July.
But, it is still far higher than the 6 percent level the RBI wants it at by January 2016, and as risks of a temporary spike from escalating food prices still exist three economists expect a hike in the repo rate in the next six months.
Sluggish investments, stalled projects, government policy paralysis and high interest rates meant India’s economic growth has been running at a shadow of the near double-digit levels seen in 2010.
In the quarter ended in June, the lumbering economy notched its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years, accelerating to 5.7 percent to raise hopes that the worst was over.
Stock markets have rallied since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May on hopes his government will rapidly usher in reforms and attract foreign investment.
But New Delhi’s continued…

Youth Congress members clash with police during anti Modi protestPrint
Police lathicharge Youth Congress activists during their protest against the Union government in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 4:20 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:48 pm
Nearly 150 Youth Congress workers from various states were detained on Thursday after they clashed with the police during a protest here.
The Youth Congress members had alleged failure of the Union government in meeting the poll promises in its first 100 days.
Police had to resort to a mild lathicharge after the protesters, who had gathered for the ‘Jan Akrosh Rally’ around 11 AM, tried to march towards Parliament by breaching police barricades on Sansad Marg.
The protesters were detained and taken to police station. They were later released, a police official said.
Youths from Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab, Bihar, Delhi and others participated in the ‘Jan Akrosh Rally’, which was called by the Congress to expose the “failures” of BJP-led NDA government.
“Our protest is against the Modi government. BJP came to power by making false promises to the people of the country. We have not seen any good work in the first 100 days of the Modi government,” Amit Malik, the state Youth Congress
president, said.
Prominent Congess leaders such as Digvijay Singh, Sachin Pilot, Jitin Prasada and DPCC president Arvinder Singh Lovely too participated in the rally but they had left before the protest turned violent.
Later, several Youth Congress workers cleaned the premises where the demonstration took place.
“We on their own are cleaning protest venue because we want this place to be clean. During protest, workers had dumped water bottles on the roads following which we are cleaning this site,” Malik said.

Banks  realty and infra could bring Nifty to 7 400  | 10 stocks that can return upto 35%Banks
In a chat with ET Now, Ambareesh Baliga, market expert, shares his views on the market. Excerpts:
ET Now: What leads to this downfall that you are predicting, say 7400 or 7500. Is it essentially banks and metals and commodity plays which do that or do some other names take it down?
Ambareesh Baliga: It will be those high beta names which took the markets up initially. Thus, it would clearly be the banks, it could be the real estate pack, possibly the capital goods and the infra pack, where again we have seen decent cuts in the past few days.
They are the ones which will actually take it down. Autos also possibly, in case we see the numbers not really matching up to what we saw in the last two to three months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hindalco says will pay Rs 500 crore as penaltyaluminium
(SC cancelled the allocation…)
MUMBAI: Hindalco Industries, whose all coal mines have been de-allocated after the Supreme Court judgment on Wednesday, said the aluminium major will take a one-time hit about Rs. 500 crore on account of penalty on the coal already mined from now-cancelled mine.
The Supreme Court cancelled the allocation of 214 coal mines on Wednesday after terming the allocation process between 1993 and 2010 as arbitrary and illegal. It also imposed a fine of Rs. 295 per tonne of coal produced at mines, which are already in operation.
Hindalco currently has one operational mine called Talabira I, on which it will pay a fine. Its other mines Talabira II, Mahan , Tubed coal block are not operational yet. The company said it was not expecting the captive coal from these mines immediately and hence has plans to operate on purchased coal.
"The only incremental impact because of the cancelation of coal blocks would be on the cost of production at Hirakud smelter starting April 2015, which is not expected to be significant," Hindalco said in a regulatory filing on BSE on Thursday.
Without cheap coal Hindalco will have to continue to import or buy coal from open market, threatening the viability of investments made. As Madhya Pradesh is a land-locked state getting coal from other states have already accelerated transportation costs. Adding to this is interest and depreciation cost which are already hurting Hindalco's profitability.
Shares of the company closed down 4.32% at Rs.149.55 on BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Singapore s population growth slowest in 10...foreign workers
(Singapore's population…)
SINGAPORE: Singapore's population grew at its slowest pace in a decade at 1.3 per cent from June 2013 to June 2014 due to drop in the inflow of foreign workers , according to a new report published today.
Singapore's total population was 5.47 million as of June, up from 5.4 million a year ago, the statistics from the National Population and Talent Division (NPTD) said in its annual Population report.
The citizen population grew at 0.9 per cent to 3.34 million, similar to last year's growth rate, while the Permanent Resident (PR) population remained stable at 527,700.
The government plans to continue taking in between 15,000 and 25,000 new citizens each year to keep the citizen population from shrinking, the NPTD report said.
To keep the PR population stable, it would grant about 30,000 PRs each year to foreigners working or settling in Singapore.
The non-resident population grew at a slower rate of 2.9 per cent, down from 4 per cent in the previous year.
As of June, there were 1.6 million non-residents in Singapore , up from 1.55 million a year ago, the report said.
Foreign employment growth also slowed across all sectors to a "more sustainable pace" of 3 per cent, compared with 5.9 per cent the previous year, the report said, adding that growth was mainly driven by the construction sector.
The data showed that Singaporeans were living longer, with the number of citizens aged 65 and above rising from 11.7 per cent last year to 12.4 per cent in 2014.
But there were fewer working citizens to support the growing number of elderlies, the report said.
There were currently 5.2 working citizens for each elderly person, down from 7.6 in 2004.
Fewer Singaporeans got married during the year under review. The number of marriages involving at least one citizen decreased from 23,192 in 2012 to 21,842 in 2013.
The median age at first marriage has remained stable for both genders, with men getting married at the median age of 30.1 and women at 27.8.
Fewer babies were born, with the resident total fertility rate dipping from 1.29 in 2012 to 1.19 last year, according to the data.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee plunges to 7-week low vs US dollar  down 38 p at 61.34You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee plunges to 7-week low vs US dollar, down 38 p at 61.34
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 06.05PM IST
(A sharp rise in dollar value…)
MUMBAI: Dropping for the fourth straight day, the Indian rupee today fell 38 paise to end at seven-week low of 61.34 against the Greenback following slump in local shares and sustained month-end dollar demand from importers.
A sharp rise in dollar value overseas, including the Euro after a set of solid data in the US, also weighed on the rupee that today logged worst single-day fall since September 15.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit commenced slightly better at 60.94, which was also the day's high, from previous close of 60.96.
Rupee, however, started losing ground in line with weakness in stocks and touched a low of 61.4150 -- a level not seen since August 8, 2014 when it had registered intra-day low of 61.74.
Finally, the Indian currency settled at seven-week low of 61.34, logging a steep fall of 38 paise or 0.62 per cent. This closing is the rupee's weakest since 61.49 on August 6, 2014.
In four straight days, the rupee has stumbled by 86 paise or 1.41 per cent.
Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex, said: "The rupee depreciated as upbeat US home sales data fuelled further expectations for an early rate hike by the Federal Reserve. The rupee also weakened as state-run banks bought dollars, possibly on behalf of exporters. Month-end importer demand also weighed on the rupee."
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today plunged by 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent to one-month lows.
FPIs/FIIs sold shares worth USD 112.91 million yesterday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by 0.37 per cent against a basket of six major global currencies after US housing data showed strong surge.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said,"The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Skoda holding back investment in IndiaSkoda holding back investment in India due to "uncertainties"
By PTI | 25 Sep, 2014, 06.00PM IST
Czech carmaker Skoda today said it is holding back its future investments in the country citing 'uncertainties' relating to policy framework.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: On a day when the government launched the Make in India campaign, Czech carmaker Skoda today said it is holding back its future investments in the country citing 'uncertainties' relating to policy framework.
The company, which today launched an updated version of its mid-seized sedan Rapid priced between Rs 7.22 lakh to Rs 10.97 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi), has also put the small car project on the backburner owing to uncertainties in the industry related to "tax issues and other disputes".
Skoda Auto India Chairman and Managing Director Sudhir Rao said issues like technology transfer agreement, Fiat case (payment of excise duty on the discounts) and the recent order by CCI, which imposed fine on several auto makers, are some of the issues which are making global automakers like Skoda to not invest further in India.
"We would like to invest more in the future provided these uncertainties start making us feel more comfortable. If these uncertainties become a thing of past and we are clear of the rules of the game as to speak then we can compete according to those rules in in the game," Rao told reporters here.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched the Make in India campaign in the presence of top industry leaders to turn the country into a global manufacturing hub.
Skoda, which sells models like Superb, Octavia and Yeti in the country, has so far invested around 750 million Euro in India.
"...I think if we were a lot more gung ho, optimistic, we would have made the decision to invest heavily in the Fabia replacement. So, what we have done instead to succeed in India is that we are working on other aspects like the Rapid facelift project," Rao said.
Elaborating further on the project, he said: "We have engaged Mahindra engineering services to help us with engineering aspects to create a design, which is simpler and works in India and also matches Skoda specifications."
The completely new Rapid, on which the company is experimenting to cut down on the cost of production on the future products, is expected to be launched after three years.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Modi leaves for US  hopes visit will mark a new chapter in tiesModi calls US ‘vital partner for national development'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 15:08 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:04 IST(26/9/2014)
Comments
Calling the US India’s “vital partner for national development”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday left for New York and said he is confident that the five-day trip will mark a new chapter in bilateral strategic ties.
“I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology, innovation and, above all, a shared commitment to human values,” Modi said in his departure statement.
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 25, 2014
 
The PM said he will discuss with US President Barack Obama how Indo-US ties can be taken to a “new level”.
In New York, Modi will deliver his maiden address at the UN General Assembly on Saturday. In his address, he said he will call for a stronger global commitment and more concerted multilateral action in addressing the challenges of a fragile global economy, turbulence and tension in many parts of the world, the growth and spread of terrorism, the Ebola health crisis in Africa, climate change and eradication of poverty.
“I will also stress the urgency of early reforms in the United Nations, to ensure it remains relevant and effective in dealing with the challenges of the 21st century,” he said.
Watch: Modi leaves for 5 day visit to United States
Modi will also be meeting 11 top corporate honchos over breakfast on September 29 apart from one-on-one meetings with six more business captains the same day.
Referring to his scheduled address at the Madison Square Garden in New York on September 28, Modi said he was keenly awaiting the opportunity to meet the Indian-American community.

PM Narendra Modi leaves for US  hopes visit will mark new chapterPrint
Barack Obama will host a rare private dinner for Narendra Modi at the White House on September 29.
Written by Hiral Devrajbhai Dave , Kamal Saiyed | New Delhi | Posted: September 26, 2014 12:30 am | Updated: September 26, 2014 3:11 am
About a dozen of Gujarat’s BJP Members of Parliament and Assembly and businessmen have timed their family vacations to the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit there and bought tickets to the Madison Square event in New York where the PM will speak.
Ostensibly, there is no party mandate to mark their presence at the event, but the timing of their travel, when the Navratri season is at its peak, is curious.
C R Patil, the MP from Navsari, Thakkarbapa Nagar (Ahmedabad district) MLA Vallabh Kakadia and Gujarat tourism corporation’s chairman Kamlesh Patel  have planned trips with their families to be in New York on  September 28. Modi will speak to a likely crowd of 20,000 people  of the Indian diaspora at the venue. Tickets for the event, organised by the Indian American Community Foundation, were sold out earlier this month.
The BJP leaders going from Gujarat had relatives and friends buy tickets for them. While some wish to ensure they are part of this “historic event”, others also plan to take lessons in event management by monitoring the show that has been touted as one of the great welcomes given to any foreign leader in the US.
“There is a social event at my son’s home in the US and I am here with my entire family. But we will be there at Madison Square on September 28,” Kamlesh Patel told The Indian Express from the US.
The former president of Southern Gujarat chamber and BJP leader, Paresh Patel, and another BJP leader Mukesh Desai too have been camping in the US. Ahmedabad Mahila Morcha president Geetaben Patel has also combined her social visit to the US accordingly.
MLA Vallabh Kakadia’s son, Ramesh, said, “We have a few relatives in the US and my parents visit them every two or three years. I have three brothers and four sisters living in Philadelphia. Most of them will take the two-hour drive to New York to be at Madison Square.”
He said that Modi is perhaps more popular among the Gujarati diaspora in the US than he is in India. Paresh Patel said: “We are curious to see how the event is organised. This is a study tour.” BJP MP Patil, who will be visiting New York , Washington DC and Los Angeles, also plays down the political part of his visit. “I am going to the US with my wife for a vacation, not specially to attend Narendra Modi’s event.”
Deputy Chief Minister Narhari Amin, who recently returned from the US, said, “The networking of the Indian community in the US is excellent and they have also been co-coordinating with leaders back in India. They say that all these years, they saw Modi only via video link. This is their first chance to see him live.”
He will pay a visit to the 9/11 memorial in New York on Saturday following which he is expected to drive down to the United Nations headquarters to address the 69th annual session of UN General Assembly.

BJP-Sena alliance on the brink; leaders walk out from seat sharing meetingBJP leaders Vinod Tawde and Devendra Phadnavis leave after a meeting with Shiv Sena leaders in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:53 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:24 pm
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance split today amid continued deadlock over seat-sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
After several rounds of talks over the last few days, senior state BJP leaders announced this evening severing of
the ties between the two parties, blaming Shiv Sena’s “inflexibility” for it.
“We have conveyed our decision to snap ties to Shiv Sena. The decision was taken with a heavy heart,” Maharashtra BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis told reporters after a meeting of the state party’s Core Committee.
BJP, however, hinted at the possibility of a post-poll alliance with its estranged ally, saying the party would not criticise Sena during the campaign and remain friends.
“Our aim is to prevent the corrupt Congress-NCP government from coming to power. We will not criticise Shiv Sena during the campaign, we don’t want any bitterness with our ally of 25 years,” Leader of Opposition in the Assembly Eknath Khadse said.
Fadnavis said BJP will go to polls with smaller ‘Mahayuti’ allies.
He said BJP had worked out a seat-sharing deal with Mahadeo Jankar’s Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and Raju Shetty’s Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana.
Our talks with Vinayak Mete of Shiv Sangram are in final stages and we will also speak to RPI’s Ramdas Athawale, Fadnavis said.
“We reiterate that Shiv Sena is still our friend. We will not criticise Sena and our target will be the corrupt Congress-NCP combine,” he said.
 

BJP-Sena alliance to remain intact at the Centre: Anant GeetePrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:39 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:03 pm
Amid indications that BJP and its oldest ally Shiv Sena are likely to part ways ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections, Shiv Sena leader Anant Geete on Thursday said the alliance will remain intact at the Centre.
“We have fought (the elections) as an alliance, the alliance is of NDA (National Democratic Alliance). So, we have no complaints about that, we are a still a part of NDA. Yes, it (the alliance) will remain at the Centre. As far as the state alliance is concerned, discussions are on. We want the alliance to remain at the state level. It is an old alliance based on principles, not electoral politics,” Geete, who is the Union Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Minister, told reporters here.
Asked whether he was planning to put in his papers, Geete said, “There is no question of resigning. I am a part of NDA. It (the future of the Sena-BJP alliance in Maharashtra) should be clear by today evening.”
Differences have emerged between two parties after Shiv Sena refused to accept BJP’s demand for contesting seats more than the last Assembly elections.
As far as the state alliance is concerned, discussions are on. We want the alliance to remain at the state level, said Anant Geete.

Amidst birth  death and dangerUpdated: September 25, 2014 18:55 IST
Amidst birth, death and danger
SOORAJ RAJMOHAN
The Hindu Dr. P. Nandakumar, who went to Aweil in South Sudan as part of 'Doctors Without Borders.'
Special Arrangement The living quarters for the MSF, called Tukul.
Special Arrangement Aweil hospital
Special Arrangement A view of Aweil
TOPICS
social services
Retired army doctor, Lt. Col. P. Nandakumar relives his experiences in South Sudan where he served as part of the global Doctors without Borders initiative
“It is my belief that every doctor should at some point give back to people and society,” says Dr.Lt. Col. P. Nandakumar, as he talks about his recent trip to South Sudan as part of Médecins Sans Frontiéres (MSF), more popularly known as ‘Doctors Without Borders’. Nandakumar, who is an anaesthetist, served in the Indian Army, before retiring as Lieutenant Colonel in 1985.
However, it was in April this year, after having worked five years each in Saudi Arabia and Grenada, and another 15 in the United States that he went on his first field mission with MSF, to a town called Aweil in South Sudan with a population of around 15,000. “I decided to move to California from Maryland after 2012. As I had to get licensed again in California, I used the time while I went through the process to apply for the MSF programme. Following a rigorous selection process, I was kept on reserve for a year, my first assignment involved helping with maternity and paediatric care at Aweil, for which I accompanied a gynaecologist and a paediatrician,” says the soft-spoken 73-year-old.
In a new country born of much political strife, Nandakumar says the major problems are lack of infrastructure and education. “South Sudan does not have a national airline, so we took a World Food Programme (WFP) plane to Aweil from the capital city Juba.
“Life there is quite different, as there are almost no surfaced roads and only one small government hospital. People make a living by farming or raising livestock, with the exception of some traders from Uganda who have set up shop in the region,” he says, adding that the lack of education has led people to place emphasis on faith healing and witchcraft, complicating matters for medical teams such as his.
“Our primary mission was to provide maternity and child support, and there was scarcely a day when I wasn’t called at night for some emergency. Multiple pregnancies and absence of proper antenatal care lead to lots of complications. That, and certain beliefs like not bathing newborn children for three months, leading to skin infections, kept us busy during our stay,” he says, elaborating that maternity-focussed teams do six-week missions due to their stressful work.
And what about personal challenges? “Sanitation and potable drinking water were the main issues, and despite our briefings and precautionary inoculations I did fall sick. We were also told to be wary of kidnappings, and though security was provided, MSF does not endorse gun use so the guards are usually unarmed. It was quite surreal as all our valuables were taken away upon arrival and some money was given to each of us, to offer as ransom in case we were kidnapped,” he says with a wry smile.
He explains that the professional working environment, with limited resources, can take a toll as well. “There were many cases where there was not much we could do for the patient, and our own specialisations would suggest different courses of action. If we lose a patient in the operation room, there is a chance we will be blamed for the death and that could lead to complications with locals. But thankfully MSF has a good system in place where we can discuss and settle things,” he says, though he admits that he also made good friends through the programme, apart from learning to administer anaesthesia under stressful circumstances.
Despite the problems, Nandakumar says that the people trained to interact with the MSF team are friendly, and talks at length about their culture. “When a man gets married, he usually receives around 25 cows from the father of the bride, which made me curious how anyone could possibly manage to get their daughters married. But then it was explained to me that since usually each family has many sons and daughters, the balance is made up when the sons get married.”
In the midst of all this, Nandakumar says that the MSF doctors would take to playing volleyball in the evenings, and sometimes go out for a meal. And once at a restaurant he discovered that the popular saying that enterprising Indians can be found all over the globe did hold water. “There was an entire Malayali family there, small children and all, and they came up, introduced themselves and started a conversation. It was a relief to talk to someone from home in a foreign land,” says Nandakumar, adding that South Sudan and its people hold great potential, thanks to the fertile land and resources available.
“All they need is a stable government, basic infrastructure and education.”
Did he ever fear for himself? “I think my army background helped with that. At the age of 24, I was on the frontlines of the 1965 Indo-Pakistan war, and the day we crossed the border there were many casualties and grievous injuries where there was not much we could do. Having experienced all that, I was able to face this assignment without much trouble. However, I have requested not to be sent on more missions this year, and opted out of more field missions. Now I would prefer to be sent to hospitals with enough equipment to work with,” he says, signing off.

Apple iPhone rollout marred bybendgate  dropped cell serviceSAN FRANCISCO, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 23:29 IST
Apple iPhone rollout marred by ‘bendgate’, dropped cell service
Reuters
new service
The bendable-phone situation might prove particularly troubling for those who wear skinny jeans
Two new Apple products hit speed bumps on Wednesday: iPhone 6 Plus buyers discovered their phones can bend when placed in back pockets, and the company pulled its latest mobile operating system after reports of dropped cellular service.
‘Bendgate’, as the problem has already been dubbed on social media sites, is a reminder of 2010’s ‘antennagate’, when iPhone 4 users reported a design flaw that caused dropped calls.
Apple did not comment on the bending-phone reports. But it did announce that it was investigating reports of an issue with an update of its iOS 8 operating system and in the meantime had pulled the version designated 8.0.1.
The bendable-phone situation might prove particularly troubling for those who wear skinny jeans, according to reports on Facebook and Twitter. The phrase “Your pants are too tight for your phone’’ has already received hundreds of mentions.
Some say the device, which has a lightweight aluminium shell, is more malleable than expected, but that might fall short of a design flaw, according to analysts.
Overall, evaluators seem flummoxed.
“A ‘bendability test’ hasn’t been part of our breakability testing to date because up until this week we've never seen a phone thin enough to make this a potential issue,’’ said a spokesman at SquareTrade.
SquareTrade, which provides warranties to iPhone users, said it planned more tests later on Wednesday.
Reports on the quirk first surfaced on Unbox Therapy, a gadget-review show on YouTube.
Brandwatch, a company that tracks and analyses data from social media sites, said only a small number of people tweeted about the ‘bend’ in the days leading up to September 22. But after the release of the YouTube video, which had racked up over 6 million views by mid-day Wednesday, Twitter mentions of the ‘bend’ had skyrocketed to 75,000.
Tweets are flying about the ‘bend in your pocket’, the challenge of wearing ‘tight pants’, and that the iPhone 6 Plus bends ‘with bare hands’, said Brandwatch spokeswoman Dinah Alobeid.
Another key topic, she said, is a comparison with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phone, which has nearly 4,500 mentions.
Apple spokespeople did not immediately respond to requests for comment, but at least one rival smartphone maker jumped at the chance to weigh in.
“I would challenge you guys to bend our Passport,’’ John Chen, Blackberry’s Chief Executive Officer, said on Wednesday at an event in Toronto to unveil its newest phone.
On Monday, Apple said it had shipped 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus since it began selling the phone on Friday.
Releases iOS 8 workaround
Apple Inc released a workaround for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users who reported a drop in cellular service and the inability to use the fingerprint reading Touch ID after downloading the iOS 8.0.1 mobile operating system. Apple said it would release iOS 8.0.2 in the next few days to fix the issue. In the meantime, it offered step-by-step instructions to reinstall iOS 8 using iTunes. (http://support.apple.com/ kb/HT6487)
The company said users should make sure that they are using the latest version of iTunes before reinstalling iOS 8. Apple said its health app would not work in iOS 8 after these steps, but would be fixed in iOS 8.0.2.
The company pulled the iOS 8 system after users took to microblogging site Twitter to post their complaints.

Top 5 Reasons to Retire in Ecuadortop 5 reasons to retire in ecuador
Jivi JSP20: Cheapest smartphone at just Rs 1 999Jivi Mobiles launched 'extremely affordable' smartphone Jivi JSP2O on September 18 at just Rs 1,999.
PHOTO: www.smart.jivi.in

Amazon workers in Germany extend strikeUpdated: September 24, 2014 17:02 IST
Amazon workers in Germany extend strike
AP
AP Employees of Amazon gather during a strike in Graben, southern Germany on Monday. Banner reads: "Today we fight for respect"
TOPICS
wage and pension
Workers at Amazon.com in Germany have extended a strike in a long-running wage dispute into a third day and targeted a fifth distribution center.
The German ver.di union called workers at facilities in Leipzig, Bad Hersfeld, Graben and Rheinberg out on a two-day strike on Monday. It then extended that by a day and on Wednesday added a center in the western town of Werne to the walkouts.
Amazon employs some 9,000 people in total at nine sites in Germany.
For more than a year, the union has been pushing for higher pay, arguing that Amazon workers receive lower wages than others in retail and mail-order jobs.
Amazon says its distribution warehouses in Germany are logistics centers and employees already earn relatively high wages for that industry.

Spencer Platt / Getty Images  filespencer platt / getty images  file
Open offer race for MCFL sharesUpdated: September 24, 2014 23:52 IST
Open offer race for MCFL shares
Special Correspondent
company information
The battle for the 26 per cent additional stake in Vijay Mallya’s Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) heated up with the contenders — a combine led by Zuari group and Deepak Fertilisers — announcing that their open offers are to be launched on October 1.
Both sides made separate filings before the BSE on Wednesday. The combine, led by Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals Ltd. and comprising a few of Mr. Mallya’s UB group firms, is offering Rs.68.55 per share. In terms of numbers, the 26 per cent stake translates into over 3.08 crore shares, with a face value of Rs.10.
This is a competing offer to that made by Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. on April 23. After an original offer of Rs.61.75, Deepak Fertilisers had revised the price in May to Rs.63.
According to the open offer document filed by the Zuari combine, the last date for upward revision of the offer price or the offer size is September 25. The open offers will close on October 17. In the event of Deepak Fertilisers’ offer becoming successful, the UB group will lose control over MCFL.
“The UB group is desirous of protecting its investment in the target company [MCFL] for which it is necessary to make a competing offer…,” the offer document said. In MCFL, while Zuari holds 16.43 per cent, the Vijay Mallya entities that are part of the combine together have around 22 per cent stake. Deepak Fertilisers has a little over 25 per cent stake in the company.

Number of marijuana license seekers in Illinois tops expectationsNumber of marijuana license seekers in Illinois tops expectations
Medical marijuana in Illinois
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
Medical marijuana: edibles and cigarettes.
Medical marijuana: edibles and cigarettes. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
Number of marijuana license seekers tops outlook
More than 350 apply to open Illinois medical marijuana retail and grow centers
Illinois received 369 applications for medical marijuana business licenses, which means about 1 in 5 applications will win approval to open grow houses and retail centers in the state.
The state received 211 applications for dispensaries — retail shops for medical marijuana — and 158 applications for grow centers. Illinois will allow 60 dispensaries statewide and 21 grow centers.
It will be interesting to see who gets the license and how well they or "someone in the family" is connected to the MOB. Political MOB I mean.
ChocolateThunder
6
Bob Morgan, statewide project coordinator for the Illinois Medical Cannabis Pilot Program, said the number of applications, which were due Monday, was higher than anticipated.
“We were pleased to see that our expectation of a competitive process played out so well,” Morgan said, “so we can choose the best applicants.”
The next step will be to go through thousands of pages of documents, Morgan said, identifying any missing information and informing applicants, who will have seven days from notification to update applications. Teams of reviewers will look at the applications blind — applicants submitted redacted and unredacted versions — to award points.
Morgan said the state aims to have licenses awarded by the end of the year. Illinois’ medical marijuana law was signed in July.
Neil Khot, a technology professional from Hoffman Estates said one of the most tedious tasks leading up to the application deadline was redacting the necessary information and making photocopies.
“Some people were redacting while standing in the line,” said Khot, who arrived at the James R. Thompson Center downtown 20 minutes before deadline.
Khot applied for five dispensary licenses for locations in Schaumburg, Naperville, St. Charles, Bartlett and Arlington Heights. He said he worked on the applications for a year.
“The last two weeks have been crazy,” Khot said. “I worked straight for three continuous days hardly sleeping, maybe an hour or so at night. … I have a good team of six to eight people supporting me too. It was not easy.”
Khot said he thought the applications were appropriately thorough, though. He thinks it’s fair that the state will review applications blindly at first, he said. Still, it took him two days to block out all the necessary information and photocopy his five applications, which averaged about 400 pages each.
Khot hopes the state will award licenses soon, he said.
“Business owners are paying money, and there’s no income,” Khot said. “My hope is this will be done in two months, maybe three at the latest. On top of it, the patients are waiting.”

CPS promises to clean up custodial issues amid complaints about private firms1
Surveys conducted by principals and parent organizations at the beginning of the school year aired numerous complaints of filthy conditions inside some school buildings after the custodial changes.
Clarice Berry, president of the Chicago Principals & Administrators Association, was among those who decried the custodial deal and changes to how custodians report to school building administrators.
“The principals that I represent in Chicago Public Schools neither want, need nor have confidence in the duly-assigned custodial vendors selected by CPS,” she said.
District chief Barbara Byrd-Bennett, who was absent from Wednesday’s meeting because of what the district said was a family emergency, said earlier this month that the transition “has not been as smooth as we would like.” Chicago Teacher’s Union officials and some school principals have also criticized the deal.
Questions about school cleanliness grew earlier this month when district officials announced close to 480 subcontracted custodians who work in CPS buildings would be laid off by Aramark.
CPS officials in March signed a minimum three-year contract — worth up to $260 million — with Aramark. The SodexoMAGIC company also received a minimum three-year, up to $80 million contract for facility upkeep earlier this year.
Cawley said implementing those deals was a large undertaking that required new equipment purchases and training for thousands of custodians. Aramark also had to hire scores of custodial managers who were new to the district, he said, who have had varying degrees of performance.
Officials said Aramark representatives are now meeting with schools to correct any shortcomings.
“It’s really important to recognize that we stumbled, badly, in some instances. Not all, but in some,” board member Andrea Zopp said. “You can’t fix something if you don’t recognize there’s a problem.”

Andhra Bank has Rs 43.46 bn exposure to cos affected by SC rulingAndhra Bank has Rs 43.46 bn loan exposure to cos affected by SC ruling
Devidutta Tripathy     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 14:27 IST
"This is an industry-wide problem," Rajendran said in a phone interview, adding an early reallocation of the coal blocks could help lower the impact on the companies and the lenders.
State-run Andhra Bank has a loan exposure of Rs 43.46 billion ($711.8 million) to companies that have been ordered by the Supreme Court to return coal blocks, its chairman CVR Rajendran said on Thursday.
Andhra Bank's total exposure to steel and power companies is between Rs 120 billion and Rs 130 billion, Rajendran told Reuters.
The bank shares were down over 6 per cent by 2:01 pm, extending Wednesday's 4 per cent fall after the Supreme Court verdict. Lenders have been hit by worries that the verdict scrapping coal allocations over two decades could lead to a rise in bad loans.
"This is an industry-wide problem," Rajendran said in a phone interview, adding an early reallocation of the coal blocks could help lower the impact on the companies and the lenders.
"If it happens at the earliest, it should not have a major impact."
(Reuters)

India Releases Blurry Image of Giant Mars CratersAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Apple stock gets hit on  Bendgate   iOS8 snafusEMAIL
AFP/Getty
Shares of Apple (AAPL)  were under pressure Wednesday as the sturdiness of the latest iPhone and its software design came under evaluation.
Apple stock ended down 89 cents, or 0.9%, to $101.75 throwing a bit of cold water on the euphoria following the release of the iPhone 6 on Sept. 19. Given Apple’s huge market value — it’s the most valuable company in the U.S. and therefore has huge sway — even a percentage point decline can apply pressure to stocks.
LISTEN: Is #Bendgate for real? USA TODAY's Tech Roundtable weighs in http://t.co/y3hk1CyLRZ
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 25, 2014
These latest problems with the latest iPhone and its operating system mar the company’s well-groomed image of only releasing products when they’re 100% rock solid.
Video circulating on the Internet shows how the latest iPhone can be bent by applying pressure, not all that greater than might result from the phone being placed in a pair of pants.
Separately, Apple has yanked its update to this mobile phone operating system, called iOS, after widespread reports of problems raging from lost cellular connections and battery drain.
Shares of Apple are still up strongly this year, gaining roughly 27%. Yet the stock is down, along with the market, since the much ballyhooed launch of the latest iPhone.
Chart source: MSN Money

BJP  Shiv Sena still in talks; alliance hangs by the threadBJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 11:24 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:28 IST(27/9/2014)
Two of India’s biggest parties - the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress – parted ways with their long-standing allies on Thursday following differences over sharing of seats in October’s assembly elections in Maharashtra.
Maharashtra heads for four-cornered elections after end of political alliances.
While The BJP and Shiv Sena ended their 25-year-old relationship that helped shape Hindu revivalist politics in the country, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) snapped ties 15 years after it allied with the Congress.  
 
The decisions, which came barely an hour apart with the BJP making the first announcement, throw open the election field in Maharashtra where the contest could now be four cornered. This could split the electorate and possibly throw up a hung house.
The 288-member state assembly goes to the polls on October 15 and September 27 is the last day of filing election papers. The Sena, a part of the ruling combine at the Centre, said it would continue in the NDA. The Sena has 18 members in the Lok Sabha, the most for any NDA constituent after the BJP.
 
“It’s painful but there was no choice,” BJP’s state chief Devendra Fadnavis told reporters after days of negotiations failed to save what was among the longest political alliances in the country.
Read: Shiv Sena and BJP: How they married and divorced
 
“The ‘Mahayuti' (grand alliance) sans the Shiv Sena will contest the polls. We will not criticise Shiv Sena during (the) campaign and remain friends.”
 
Over the past week or so, the two parties held several rounds of talks, emerging every time to blame each other for not being inflexible and accommodative of each other’s proposals.
 
Things came to a head earlier in the day with both sides saying they had exhausted all options. As contradictory reports emerged from Delhi and Mumbai, a high stakes game of brinkmanship unfolded.
Read: Why BJP broke ranks with Sena
Around early evening, it became clear that the Shiv Sena’s final offer of 151 seats was unacceptable to the BJP.
Traditionally, the Sena has contested more seats than the BJP. But after performing better than Sena in the Lok Sabha polls, the BJP wanted larger share. The Sena, however, was not prepared to whittle down its share of 151 seats.
In less than an hour after BJP's announcement, the NCP, too, walked out on the Congress. “The Congress has been adamant and non-responsive despite our numerous attempts,” NCP state chief Sunil Tatkare said.
Read: Big egos spelt doom for saffron alliance
 
“The list of 118 candidates announced by the Congress had two names declared against the independent MLAs inducted by the NCP. This was against the agreement between the two parties,” senior NCP leader Praful Patel said. Party colleague and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said the NCP was pulling out of the state government.
 
Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who is from the Congress, said the NCP was not serious about seat sharing and was waiting for the Sena-BJP split. “It was not practically possible for us to concede 144 seats to the NCP. Then they put forth the demand for sharing chief ministership which, was not acceptable,” he said.
Read: Split, but Sena maykeep berth at Centre
 
Both the Congress and the Sena alleged that there was a tacit understanding between the BJP and the NCP. “The NCP wants to get benefit of power at the Centre. I won’t be surprised if there is any unexpected announcement tomorrow,” Chavan said.
 
The parties are now competing to get smaller allies on their side. The BJP has managed to keep three of the four smaller allies and is trying to woo the fourth partner of the mahayuti, or the grand alliance. The Congress, it is learnt, is in talks with the Samajwadi Party.
 
Political experts predict a fractured mandate and say rivals may turn into allies to come to power. The BJP has already said it won’t target “friend” Shiv Sena.

ADB to sell 5.2% stake in Petronet via block deal on FridaySep 25, 2014, 05.13 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
ADB to sell 5.2% stake in Petronet via block deal on Friday
ADB is looking to raise USD 120 million through this stake sale, sources add.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ADB to sell 5.2% stake in Petronet via block deal on Friday
ADB is looking to raise USD 120 million through this stake sale, sources add.
Post your opinion here
 
Asian Development Bank is likely to sell 5.2 percent stake in  Petronet LNG via a block deal on Friday, CNBC-TV18 learns from sources.
ADB is looking to raise USD 120 million through this stake sale, sources add.
Petronet LNG is India's largest natural gas importer. State-run entities GAIL , Oil and Natural Gas Corp ,  Indian Oil and  Bharat Petroleum hold a 12.5 percent stake each in Petronet, along with GdF of France. ADB has been a stakeholder in Petronet since 2004.
Also Read: 'Vedanta big contender for govt's residual stake in HZL'
Petronet LNG stock price
On November 21, 2014, Petronet LNG closed at Rs 188.95, down Rs 0.8, or 0.42 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 208.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 102.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 9.66 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.56. The latest book value of the company is Rs 66.48 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.84.
RELATED NEWS

SpiceJet announces 50% discount on base faresSep 25, 2014, 05.11 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SpiceJet announces 50% discount on base fares
The offer would allow customers avail 50 percent discount on available fares for travel in two phases - between October 28 and December 15 this year and from January 15 till March 31 next year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SpiceJet announces 50% discount on base fares
The offer would allow customers avail 50 percent discount on available fares for travel in two phases - between October 28 and December 15 this year and from January 15 till March 31 next year.
Post your opinion here
 
In yet another low-fare offer, SpiceJet  today announced 50 percent off on base fares on limited tickets for travel till March next year on sale till Saturday.
The offer would allow customers avail 50 percent discount on available fares for travel in two phases - between October 28 and December 15 this year and from January 15 till March 31 next year.
A customer can save up to 50 percent on tickets booked between today and Saturday midnight, a SpiceJet release said, adding fares under this offer are non-refundable and non- changeable, barring taxes and fees.
The offer is valid on the no-frill carrier's entire domestic network, though the fares would vary from sector to sector depending on the travel distance. International sectors do not feature in this sale.
SpiceJet's Chief Commercial Officer Kaneswaran Avili said "the highest load factor over last few months also means SpiceJet is now India's favorite airline and rightly so, for its innovative and tireless efforts to make flying affordable for everyone."
Travel technology platform TripFactory.com CEO Vinay Gupta said "advance booking for trips are always good for people flying as it allows purchase of tickets at comparatively lower fare", while it also helps airlines to get a higher load factor.
SpiceJet stock price
On November 21, 2014, SpiceJet closed at Rs 16.06, up Rs 2.09, or 14.96 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 22.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 11.10.
The latest book value of the company is Rs -16.49 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was -0.97.
RELATED NEWS

Alabama trial judge reverses course  vacates restraining order against publishing gas company informationFrom Alabama Gas Corp. v. Advertiser Co. (Ala. Cir. Ct. Sept. 23, 2014) :
Pending is a Motion to Dissolve Temporary Restraining Order, filed by defendant, The Advertiser Company. In its motion, this defendant argues that the TRO entered on September 12, 2014, constitutes an improper prior restraint contrary to the rights afforded by the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and Article 1, § 4 of the Constitution of the State of Alabama….
“[A] prior restraint on speech prohibits or censors speech before it can take place.” … “[C]lassic prior restraints have involved judge-issued injunctions against the publication of certain information.”
From New York Times Co. v. United States, 403 U.S. 713, 714, 2141 (1971), comes that principle that “[a]ny system of prior restraints of expression comes to this Court bearing a heavy presumption against its constitutional validity.” Plaintiff, Alabama Gas Corporation, “thus carries a heavy burden of showing justification for the imposition of such a restraint.” This court also notes Justice Blackmun’s view that “[w]here … a direct prior restraint is imposed upon the reporting of news by the media, each passing day may constitute a separate and cognizable infringement of the First Amendment.” Nebraska Press Assn. v. Stuart, 423 U.S. 1319, 1329 (1975) (Blackmun, J., in chambers). Thus, even though an evidentiary hearing is set for only two days from now on the plaintiff’s motion for a preliminary injunction, this court is obliged to carefully scrutinize the defendant’s pending motion.
The final piece of authority on which this court now relies is CBS, Inc. v. Davis, 510 U.S. 1315, 1317 (1994). The Supreme Court there noted [actually, it was just Justice Blackmun, in an in-chambers opinion -EV] that “[e]ven where questions of allegedly urgent national security, see New York Times Co. v. United States, or competing constitutional interests, Nebraska Press Assn., are concerned, we have imposed this ‘most extraordinary remed[y]’ only where the evil that would result from the reportage is both great and certain and cannot be mitigated by less intrusive measures.” As defendant’s counsel characterized it, such a prior restraint might arguably be proper only if it serves to avert a clear and present danger to this country’s national security.
At this stage, the court cannot see such a clear and present danger. In its motion for a temporary restraining order, the plaintiff raised the danger of terrorism and sabotage if data within its Distribution Integrity Management Plan were publicly disclosed. While such possibilities might exist, they now appear to be only vague phantoms. On reflection, the court finds that it too readily focused on such ghosts in entering the Temporary Restraining Order sought by the plaintiff.
The plaintiff cites other grounds justifying the entry of the TRO here. It argues that the DIMP is private property not properly subject to public disclosure. While this may be true, it is also uncontested that the plaintiff voluntarily produced the DIMP to the Public Service Commission, thereby ceding unfettered control over its property.
Further, the plaintiff has shown some evidence that The Advertiser Company did not comport with requirements imposed by PSC regulations in requesting the DIMP. At this point, however, the court cannot conclude that any such transgressions are severe enough to trump the heavy presumption against prior restraint. See CBS, Inc. v. Davis, 510 U.S. at 1318.
Mindful of the constitutional implications involved, this court concludes that it erred in granting the plaintiff’s motion for a temporary restraining order. That order is therefore vacated and set aside, effective immediately.
This order does not affect the hearing set for this coming Thursday on the plaintiff’s motion for a preliminary injunction.
Sounds right to me. Here’s some factual background, from AL.com :
Alabama Gas Corporation filed a temporary restraining order last week to prevent the Montgomery Advertiser from releasing information in a safety document the newspaper obtained from the Alabama Public Service Commission in June.
The restraining order was filed in Jefferson County Circuit Court Friday, and prevents the Advertiser from releasing “non-public” portions of Alagasco’s distribution integrity management program manual.
The plan is required by the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration in order to identify risks in natural gas distribution pipelines.
The Advertiser obtained the document from the Alabama Public Service Commission in June through a state open records request, and Alagasco claims in its complaint that the document was not subject to the open records law. The company says the release of the document, because it contains sensitive security information, could expose its infrastructure to terrorism, sabotage or other risks.
Here’s Alagasco’s statement , from before the court decision vacating the temporary restraining order:
Earlier this year Alagasco learned that the Montgomery Advertiser had improperly acquired a copy of our Distribution Integrity Management Plan. We clearly communicated to the publication’s attorneys several times — both in writing and verbally — that it is not a public document and should not be disclosed for several reasons, including homeland security concerns as it contains information about critical energy infrastructure and locations.
This plan is updated annually in accordance with federal requirements to detail the company’s monitoring and management of risks to our pipeline system. Public disclosure of this document could endanger the safety and welfare of Alagasco’s system, customers and employees, as well as the general public.
Pipeline infrastructure is something the natural gas industry has been addressing for some time. As a pipeline operator, Alagasco routinely shares information with the federal government about our pipeline system. This data is available online for any member of the public to view. There is a tremendous amount of data including total miles of pipeline, age of pipelines and miles of cast iron in our system. The Distribution Integrity Management Plan contains information that goes far beyond this data, including exact locations of critical energy infrastructure and other facilities — information that if made public could be of value to someone who wants to do harm.
We provided the Advertiser detailed information about what we do every day, seven days a week to ensure the safety and reliability of our system for our customers, employees, communities and the public as a whole. We oppose the publishing of the Distribution Integrity Management Plan because to do so would be a reckless disregard for the safety and security of our system and more importantly, our customers and communities we serve.
This is not a freedom of the press issue. It is a matter of homeland security and what is properly obtainable under Alabama law. We believe this is why a judge granted the temporary restraining order to prevent publication of such sensitive information.
Here’s a passage from the Advertiser’s motion to dissolve the temporary restraining order , though the whole motion is worth reading:
The claims of irreparable harm relating to the release of the report appear to be nothing more than hyperbole. Other than general conclusions, Alagasco has provided nothing in its complaint and nothing in its accompanying affidavit to explain what, if anything, is a threat to national security. Not only was the report freely emailed from the Public Service Commission to the reporter, the report received by The Montgomery Advertiser is not even marked by Alagasco as “Secret,” “Classified,” “Confidential,” or “Proprietary.” It has no markings or language indicating that it is a sensitive document. In fact, nowhere in the 190-page manual is distribution of the report expressly restricted or indicated to be sensitive or proprietary. There is no mention of fears of deliberate damage, only damage from persons excavating near existing pipelines. DIMP [Distribution Integrity Management Plan] manuals from other operators can be found easily on the internet….
The locations of gas pipelines and mains are not secret and are visible to passing motorists. The locations of gas pipelines in Alabama are marked in the field for the purpose of alerting the public as to where not to dig or disturb the ground. The Alagasco webpage notes that “Pipeline Markers” are installed to show where pipelines run. It also advises the public of public records showing their exact location: “You may also check your property record or your county clerk’s office.”
Alagasco has never specified to the Defendant what sensitive information is contained in the manual that is not already public information or in plain view to
the passing public. Even before filing suit, Alagasco never indicated what portions of the 190-page document or what information in the document was particularly
sensitive. Instead — as their demand states — Alagasco seeks to silence the newspaper and have the entire report embargoed and returned along with all emails or internal communications concerning the report. A review of the report reveals no information that any layperson could identify as helpful to anyone trying to damage anything. While it may contain information that persons suing Alagasco for injuries due to gas leaks per its use of cast iron pipe may claim to be useful, the DIMP appears to be geared more toward properly maintaining pipelines from decay and routine damage. The stated “scope” of the report is to comply with published PHMSA Federal Pipeline Safety Regulations which require operators of pipelines to develop and implement an integrity management program for their distribution lines. The scope and purpose of the report is “to enhance safety by identifying and reducing gas distribution pipeline integrity risks.” The rules require the report to evaluate “threats” relating to corrosion, natural forces, excavation damage, other outside forces, material, weld or joint failures, equipment failures or incorrect operation of the pipeline.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

PM Narendra Modi leaves for US  hopes visit will mark newchapterPrint
Barack Obama will host a rare private dinner for Narendra Modi at the White House on September 29.
Written by Hiral Devrajbhai Dave , Kamal Saiyed | New Delhi | Posted: September 26, 2014 12:30 am | Updated: September 26, 2014 3:11 am
About a dozen of Gujarat’s BJP Members of Parliament and Assembly and businessmen have timed their family vacations to the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit there and bought tickets to the Madison Square event in New York where the PM will speak.
Ostensibly, there is no party mandate to mark their presence at the event, but the timing of their travel, when the Navratri season is at its peak, is curious.
C R Patil, the MP from Navsari, Thakkarbapa Nagar (Ahmedabad district) MLA Vallabh Kakadia and Gujarat tourism corporation’s chairman Kamlesh Patel  have planned trips with their families to be in New York on  September 28. Modi will speak to a likely crowd of 20,000 people  of the Indian diaspora at the venue. Tickets for the event, organised by the Indian American Community Foundation, were sold out earlier this month.
The BJP leaders going from Gujarat had relatives and friends buy tickets for them. While some wish to ensure they are part of this “historic event”, others also plan to take lessons in event management by monitoring the show that has been touted as one of the great welcomes given to any foreign leader in the US.
“There is a social event at my son’s home in the US and I am here with my entire family. But we will be there at Madison Square on September 28,” Kamlesh Patel told The Indian Express from the US.
The former president of Southern Gujarat chamber and BJP leader, Paresh Patel, and another BJP leader Mukesh Desai too have been camping in the US. Ahmedabad Mahila Morcha president Geetaben Patel has also combined her social visit to the US accordingly.
MLA Vallabh Kakadia’s son, Ramesh, said, “We have a few relatives in the US and my parents visit them every two or three years. I have three brothers and four sisters living in Philadelphia. Most of them will take the two-hour drive to New York to be at Madison Square.”
He said that Modi is perhaps more popular among the Gujarati diaspora in the US than he is in India. Paresh Patel said: “We are curious to see how the event is organised. This is a study tour.” BJP MP Patil, who will be visiting New York , Washington DC and Los Angeles, also plays down the political part of his visit. “I am going to the US with my wife for a vacation, not specially to attend Narendra Modi’s event.”
Deputy Chief Minister Narhari Amin, who recently returned from the US, said, “The networking of the Indian community in the US is excellent and they have also been co-coordinating with leaders back in India. They say that all these years, they saw Modi only via video link. This is their first chance to see him live.”
He will pay a visit to the 9/11 memorial in New York on Saturday following which he is expected to drive down to the United Nations headquarters to address the 69th annual session of UN General Assembly.

Iraqi woman activist killed by IslamicStatefighters from the Islamic State group parade in a commandeered Iraqi security forces vehicle down a main road in the northern city of Mosul, Iraq. (Source:AP)
Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: September 25, 2014 6:27 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:31 pm
Militants with the Islamic State group publicly killed a rights lawyer in the Iraqi city of Mosul after finding her guilty of apostasy in a self-styled Islamic court, the United Nations said on Thursday.
Samira Salih al-Nuaimi was seized from her home on Sep 17 after allegedly posting messages on Facebook that were critical of the militants’ destruction of religious sites in Mosul. Her Facebook page appears to have been removed since her death.
According to the United Nations Assistance Mission in Iraq, al-Nuaimi was tried in a so-called “Sharia court” for apostasy, after which she was tortured for five days before the militants sentenced her to public execution.
“By torturing and executing a female human rights’ lawyer and activist, defending in particular the civil and human rights of her fellow citizens in Mosul, ISIL continues to attest to its infamous nature, combining hatred, nihilism and savagery, as well as its total disregard of human decency,” Nickolay Mladenov, the UN envoy to Iraq, said in a statement, referring to the group by an acronym.
The militant group captured Iraq’s second largest city Mosul during its rapid advance across the country’s north and west in June, as Iraqi security forces melted away. The extremists now rule a vast, self-declared caliphate straddling the Syria-Iraq border in which they have imposed a harsh version of Islamic law and beheaded and massacred their opponents.
In the once-diverse city of Mosul the group has forced religious minorities to convert to Islam, pay special taxes or die, causing tens of thousands to flee. The militants have enforced a strict dress code on women, going so far as to veil the faces of female mannequins in store fronts.
In August, the group destroyed a number of historic landmarks in the town, including several mosques and shrines, claiming they promote apostasy.
The Gulf Center for Human Rights said yesterday that al-Nuaimi had worked on detainee rights and poverty. The Bahrain-based rights organisation said her death “is solely motivated by her peaceful and legitimate human rights work, in particular defending the civil and human rights of her fellow citizens in Mosul.”
The militants’ rapid advance eventually prompted US airstrikes last month to aid Kurdish forces and protect religious minorities in Iraq.
This week a newly formed US-led coalition expanded the aerial campaign into Syria, where the Islamic State group is battling President Bashar Assad’s forces as well as Western-backed rebels.
 
By torturing and executing a female human rights' lawyer and activist, ISIL continues to attest to its infamous nature.

BJP-Shiv Senas 25-year old allianceoverBJP leaders Vinod Tawde and Devendra Phadnavis leave after a meeting with Shiv Sena leaders in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:53 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:24 pm
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance split today amid continued deadlock over seat-sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
After several rounds of talks over the last few days, senior state BJP leaders announced this evening severing of
the ties between the two parties, blaming Shiv Sena’s “inflexibility” for it.
“We have conveyed our decision to snap ties to Shiv Sena. The decision was taken with a heavy heart,” Maharashtra BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis told reporters after a meeting of the state party’s Core Committee.
BJP, however, hinted at the possibility of a post-poll alliance with its estranged ally, saying the party would not criticise Sena during the campaign and remain friends.
“Our aim is to prevent the corrupt Congress-NCP government from coming to power. We will not criticise Shiv Sena during the campaign, we don’t want any bitterness with our ally of 25 years,” Leader of Opposition in the Assembly Eknath Khadse said.
Fadnavis said BJP will go to polls with smaller ‘Mahayuti’ allies.
He said BJP had worked out a seat-sharing deal with Mahadeo Jankar’s Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and Raju Shetty’s Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana.
Our talks with Vinayak Mete of Shiv Sangram are in final stages and we will also speak to RPI’s Ramdas Athawale, Fadnavis said.
“We reiterate that Shiv Sena is still our friend. We will not criticise Sena and our target will be the corrupt Congress-NCP combine,” he said.
 

Coal scam: Court to consider closure report on Oct 9Print
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:08 pm
A special court has fixed October 9 for considering a closure report in which CBI has concluded that no undue benefit was given to M/s JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd by the Coal Ministry in allocation of coal block to it.
CBI, in its closure report, said that nothing substantial has emerged to establish cheating and criminal conspiracy among officials of the Ministry of Coal and M/s JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd’s directors, including Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Darda.
The agency filed the closure report in the case in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd, its directors Vijay Darda, his son Devendra Darda, his brother Rajendra Darda, Manoj Jayaswal, Anand Jayaswal and Abhishek Jayaswal and unknown persons under sections 420 (cheating) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC.
The case was transferred to the court of special CBI judge Bharat Parashar, who is exclusively dealing with the cases of coal scam. He has kept the closure report for consideration.
The agency had earlier filed the closure report in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate.
CBI, which had earlier alleged in its FIR that JLD Yavatmal wrongfully concealed previous allocation of four coal blocks to its group companies in 1999-2005, has now said in its closure report that even if it would have revealed the fact, it would not have been disqualified for getting the coal blocks.
The closure report said investigation could not establish that JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd has obtained any undue benefit from the Ministry of Coal with regard to its non-declaration of previous coal blocks.

EU regulators to approve FB s $19 bn WhatsAp...The deal, the largest in Facebook's history, will give the company a firm foothold in the fast-growing mobile messaging market and pit it against telecoms companies.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BRUSSELS: Facebook, the world's leading social network , will win unconditional EU approval for its $19 billion offer for mobile messaging startup WhatsApp in a deal pitting it against telecoms operators, two people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
The landmark acquisition, the largest in Facebook's 10-year history, will give the company a firm foothold in the fast-growing mobile messaging market.
A plan by WhatsApp to add free voice-call services for its 450 million customers later this year, however, makes it a potentially powerful competitor to companies such as Deutsche Telekom, Telecom Italia and Telefonica .
Analysts said the move is likely to hit telecoms providers' turnover as the industry heads into its fifth year of revenue decline. The sector had looked to EU regulators to extract concessions from Facebook.
Facebook convinced the Commission that the deal had no anti-competitive effect and, therefore, concessions were not necessary, the sources said.
"It's unconditional clearance," one of the people said, declining to be named because the decision by the European Commission was not yet public.
Commission spokesman Antoine Colombani declined to comment. The European Union competition authority has set an Oct. 3 deadline for its decision.
The deal does not seem to pose any competition problems as far as the Commission is concerned, said Tobias Caspary, a partner at law firm Fried Frank.
"Both parties are offering their services for free. It seems unlikely that customers are locked in with respect to instant messaging, and it would be relatively easy to switch to alternative offers, for example Skype or Line," he said.
"Also relevant factors looked at were probably that the entry barriers are relatively low for the instant messaging market, that this is still a nascent market characterized by rapid changes and growth, and that there are several recent entrants."
US regulators gave the green light for the deal in April, telling WhatsApp to stick to its current privacy practices after the merger, including not to use users' personal data for targeted ads.
WhatsApp and its rivals such as KakaoTalk, China's WeChat and Viber have in recent years won over telecoms operators' customers with a free text messaging option, posing a serious threat to the sector's revenues from this business, which totalled about $120 billion last year, according to market researcher Ovum.

Nifty ends at 7911 down 1.13% in a volatile trading sessionLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends at 7911 down 1.13% in a volatile trading session
Nifty ends at 7911 down 1.13% in a volatile trading session
Post your opinion here
 
Today was a very volatile trading session, a weak session trading session. We started off the day talking about the Nifty defending that 8000 mark, then we were talking about defending the 7950 but intraday the market even dipped below 7900 mark before pulling back close to around 50 points from the days low but it ended closer towards 7900 mark.
RELATED NEWS

NTT Act Unconstitutional: Lawyers React!Published on Thu, Sep 25,2014 | 18:50, Updated at Thu, Sep 25 at 19:25Source : Moneycontrol.com 
By: Payaswini Upadhyay, CNBC-TV18
In a landmark judgment, today the Supreme Court declared the National Tax Tribunal (NTT) Act as unconstitutional.
The Parliament passed the law for the creation of the National Tax Tribunal in 2005. A year later, the Madras High Court Bar Association challenged the law on the following grounds
The first contention: That the reasons for setting up the NTT, were fallacious and non-existent. Since the foundational basis is untrue, the structure erected thereupon, cannot be accepted as valid and justified. And therefore, the same is liable to be struck down.
The second contention: It is impermissible for the legislature to abrogate/divest the core judicial appellate functions, specially the functions traditionally vested with the High Court. Furthermore, the transfer of such functions to a quasi-judicial authority, devoid of essential ingredients of the superior court, sought to be replaced was constitutionally impermissible, and was liable to be set aside. Besides the appellate jurisdiction, the power of judicial review vested in High Courts under Articles 226 and 227 of the Constitution, has also been negated by the NTT Act. And therefore, the same be set aside.
The third contention: Separation of powers, the rule of law, and judicial review, constitute amongst others, the basic structure of the Constitution. Article 323B inserted by the Constitution (Forty-second Amendment) Act, 1976, to the extent it is violative of the above mentioned components of the basic structure of the Constitution,is liable to be declared ultra vires the Constitution
The fourth contention: A number of provisions of the NTT Act, undermine the independence of the adjudicatory process vested in the NTT, and as such, are liable to be set aside in their present format.
The Supreme Court, while declaring NTT Act has unconstitutional noted:
“All substantial questions of law have under our constitutional scheme to be decided by the superior courts and the superior courts alone. Indeed, one of the objects for enacting the National Tax Tribunals Act, as stated by the Minister on the floor of the House, is that the National Tax Tribunal can lay down the law for the whole of India which then would bind all other authorities and tribunals. This is a direct encroachment on the High Courts power under Art. 227 to decide substantial questions of law…”
“In all tax matters, the State s invariably a party and the High Court is ideally situated to decide substantial questions of law which arise between the State and private persons, being constitutionally completely independent of executive control. The same cannot be said of tribunals which will have to be under a nodal ministry as tribunals are not under the supervisory jurisdiction of the High Courts.”
“The National Tax Tribunals Act is unconstitutional, being the ultimate encroachment on the exclusive domain of the superior Courts of Record in India.”
‘The Firm’ spoke to some of the leading tax practitioners in the country for their quick reaction on this landmark judgment.
Dinesh Kanabar
Deputy CEO, KPMG
“The key issue before the supreme court was watering down of the court level and pushing matters to a tribunal. Indeed, the quality of justice is the key. One totally agrees with the supreme court on this. There is a need to balance this with speed of justice. The clogging up of matters at the courts is an issue which needs to be addressed.”
Rohan Shah,
Managing Partner, Economic Laws Practice
“Yet another instance where the Supreme Court will have the last word in the context of a governmental action. It is an important judgement on the issue of separation of powers and the principle of "basic structure". At a practical level, the issue of pendency and multiplication of tax litigation will continue to vex the system. Some urgent reforms to address this are required at the earliest. This judgement will also have a trickle-down effect in the context of various other tribunals, which are currently constituted in a manner similar to that proposed for the National Tax Tribunal.”
Mukesh Butani
Managing Partner, BMR Legal
“The judgement essentially says that NTT law violated the basic structure of the constitutional framework which prescribes for powers of the state court and tribunals. The NTT assumes powers of a state HC on various counts and hence violative of constitution. The intent - to speed up justice was clearly honourable but the drafting was faulty and impeached upon constitutional provisions particularly with respect to powers of a state court. The VP Singh formula of 85 - National Court of Direct Taxes was perhaps a better model than NTT.”
Porus Kaka
Senior Advocate
“Congratulations to the Honble Court in preserving the Basic structure of our Constitution and the independence of the Judiciary.”
Aseem Chawla
Partner, MPC Legal
“The Hon’ble Supreme Court, in a unanimous decision, has struck down the National Tax Tribunal as unconstitutional. It is widely believed that the same did tantamount as an encroachment in the judicial making process, which is viewed as the domain of the superior Courts. In a situation, where judicial powers are usurped by the Parliament, the same is regarded as violation of the basic structure of the Constitution. Tribunalisation of justice has always been a contentious matter debated in many fora and with the striking down of the National Tax Tribunal, one needs to see that how judicial reforms in the tax sphere are carried out, considering the huge backlog of matters pending before the various High Courts across the country”.
Anu Dutt
Partner, DMD
“It is a far reaching judgment and will set the tone of other Tribunals. It is a step in the right direction.”
Sanjay Saghvi
Partner, Khaitan & Co.
“The judgement of the five judges constitution Bench of the Supreme Court striking down constitution of National Tax Tribunal is not at all surprising. In fact, it was only to be expected. In my view, there was a conceptual flaw in constituting this Tribunal for the reason that it is neither fair nor legally permissible to replace the role of the High Courts with National Tax Tribunal in tax matters. A litigant (tax payer) will need a forum who can ‘judiciously’ adjudicate a tax matter and provide a judgement accordingly which can be done by High Courts which consists of the legal experts who can interpret laws and give effect to the intention of the Parliament in terms of provisions of the tax laws. While one awaits the text of the Supreme Court judgement, I would say it is a welcome judgement.”
Rajan Vora
Partner, EY
“A Constitution of 5 Judge Bench of the Supreme Court today delivered a landmark judgement, holding that the National Tax Tribunal Act, 2005 (NTT Act)* is ultra vires the Constitution. This judgement is likely to have wide ramifications. In the majority judgment, the Court held that although Constitutional conventions do not debar Parliament from vesting judicial powers in Tribunals, it should have the trappings of a court; else it would be violative of the basic structure of the Constitution. The Court, therefore, struck down the Constitutionality of the Act on the ground that the NTT does not have the salient characteristics of the Courts which it seeks to replace. It held the basic provisions (Section 5 to 8 and 13 of NTT Act) as unconstitutional. Since the aforesaid provisions, constitute the edifice of the NTT Act, and without these provisions the remaining provisions are rendered ineffective and inconsequential, the entire enactment is declared unconstitutional. In his concurring judgment, Justice Nariman further mentioned that Tribunals cannot decide ‘questions of law’ and those can only be decided by superior Constitutional Courts. In the said judgement, the Supreme Court has not struck down the powers of legislature under Article 323B of the Constitution, to constitute the Tribunals by taking away some of matters which were earlier in the domain of judiciary. However, the Court has struck down the NTT Act, as ultra-vires as it does not satisfy the salient characteristics and standards of the Court sought to be substituted. The Court has also held that since NTT Act was to deal with ‘substantial question of law’ on various laws and not only under Income Tax Act or Company Law, Chartered Accountant’s and Company Secretary’s cannot be permitted to represent a party before NTT and since this Act permitted them to appear/ represent, this was held as unconstitutional. *Note: Though the NTT Act was passed, it was not made operational, since the validity of the same was challenged before Supreme Court.”
(For the impact of the SC Judgment, Watch The Firm This Week) 

Time for Bottom-fishing Keep an eye on these stocksNew to Moneycontrol - Sign up now
Its easy and FREE!
Username should be atleast 4 characters
Password
Password should be 6-10 characters
Confirm Password

May a criminal libel statute punish even true statements (when said for bad motives or unjustifiable ends)By Eugene Volokh September 25 Follow @volokhc
That’s what a Minnesota statute — now being challenged before the Minnesota Court of Appeals — does:
Subdivision 1. Definition. Defamatory matter is anything which exposes a person or a group, class or association to hatred, contempt, ridicule, degradation or disgrace in society, or injury to business or occupation.
Subd. 2. Acts constituting. Whoever with knowledge of its defamatory character orally, in writing or by any other means, communicates any defamatory matter to a third person without the consent of the person defamed is guilty of criminal defamation and may be sentenced to imprisonment for not more than one year or to payment of a fine of not more than $3,000, or both.
Subd. 3. Justification. Violation of subdivision 2 is justified if:
(1) the defamatory matter is true and is communicated with good motives and for justifiable ends; or
(2) the communication is absolutely privileged; or
(3) the communication consists of fair comment made in good faith with respect to persons participating in matters of public concern; or
(4) the communication consists of a fair and true report or a fair summary of any judicial, legislative or other public or official proceedings; or
(5) the communication is between persons each having an interest or duty with respect to the subject matter of the communication and is made with intent to further such interest or duty.
Subd. 4. Testimony required. No person shall be convicted on the basis of an oral communication of defamatory matter except upon the testimony of at least two other persons that they heard and understood the oral statement as defamatory or upon a plea of guilty.
The UCLA First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic that I run has just filed an amicus brief in State v. Turner, a case that challenges the constitutionality of the statute. The brief — on behalf of the Electronic Frontier Foundation — can be read in PDF here , but I quote it in text below. The brief challenges the law as unconstitutionally overbroad, a challenge that does not require us to focus on the facts of this particular prosecution. (The facts do involve alleged knowing falsehoods — the defendant is accused of posting Craigslist sex ads in his girlfriend’s and girlfriend’s daughter’s names, including their cell phone numbers, because he had been angered by his girlfriend’s supposed infidelity — but, again, that doesn’t matter for an overbreadth challenge.)
Please note that, in all Clinic cases, the students and I act as advocates for the clients. We are making the best arguments we can for the position we are taking; we are not necessarily endorsing it as the position that we think the law ought to take. (Sometimes you can tell from past posts of mine that I do personally agree with that position, but you should not draw such an inference simply from the filing of the brief.) I should also note that the amicus briefs are designed to be read alongside the parties’ briefs, so they naturally omit much of the factual and procedural background that the parties’ briefs make clear; my apologies if, as a result, some of the material is therefore opaque to other readers.
Many thanks to Erick Kaardal (Mohrman & Kaardal) for his help as local counsel, and my student Jeffrey Brandt, who helped draft the brief.
* * *
SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT
Minn. Stat. 609.765 imposes defamation liability for truthful speech. This is unconstitutional, given modern First Amendment precedents and our nation’s and Minnesota’s commitment to the freedom of speech. Moreover, even to the extent that this statute punishes false speech, its terms are not consistent with First Amendment defamation caselaw.
Because the statute criminalizes a substantial amount of constitutionally protected speech, the statute is overbroad and thus violates the First Amendment. Even if Mr. Turner could be prosecuted under a narrower law that specifically outlawed knowing defamatory falsehoods, Minn. Stat. 609.765 is facially invalid. In particular:
1. The reason that defamation may, in some situations, be punished is that there is “no constitutional value in false statements of fact,” Gertz v. Robert Welch, Inc., 418 U.S. 323, 340 (1974), at least when the statements are defamatory.[1] Yet Minn. Stat. 609.765 outlaws as defamation even speech that is true, so long as the jury concludes the speaker lacked a “good motive.” Such a prohibition is therefore unconstitutionally overbroad, even as to speech on matters of private concern.
2. Minn. Stat. 609.765 also criminalizes true statements on matters of public concern, unless they are “fair comment made in good faith” — a term that Minnesota courts have interpreted to likewise require good motives. But the U.S. Supreme Court has held that true speech on matters of public concern is categorically protected, regardless of the speaker’s motives. Garrison v. Louisiana, 379 U.S. 64, 67 (1964); Philadelphia Newspapers, Inc. v. Hepps, 475 U.S. 767, 776 (1986). The statute is thus unconstitutionally overbroad in this respect as well.
3. The statute also allows punishment for false statements on matters of public concern, even without a showing of “actual malice” in the sense set forth by New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254 (1964). Yet New York Times and Gertzrequire such a showing before speech on matters of public concern can be punished in this way.
ARGUMENT
I. True Statements on Matters of Private Concern are Constitutionally Protected Regardless of Motive.
Defamation can, under some conditions, be punished on the grounds that there is “no constitutional value in false statements of fact.” Gertz v. Robert Welch, Inc., 418 U.S. 323, 340 (1974). Indeed, even the U.S. Supreme Court’s leading private-concern libel case — Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. v. Greenmoss Builders, Inc., 472 U.S. 749 (1985), which allowed presumed and punitive damages to be imposed absent “actual malice” in private-concern cases — repeatedly noted that it involved false statements. See, e.g., id. at 751, 762, 763 (lead opinion); id. at 772-73 (White, J., concurring in the judgment).
Yet Minn. Stat. 609.765 criminalizes true statements on matters of private concern if the statements are not said with “good motives and for justifiable ends.” This potentially outlaws everyday conversation among family, friends, and acquaintances, leaving what constitutes “good motives” and “justifiable ends” to the discretion of the fact finder.
For instance, after breaking up with a cheating boyfriend, a woman may naturally want to talk to her friends and family about what happened, or inform her Facebook “friends.” Yet under Minn. Stat. 609.765 she could be criminally convicted if the jury decided she had bad motives (perhaps such as revenge or a desire to humiliate the ex-boyfriend) rather than good motives (such as a desire to warn her friends about the ex-boyfriend’s tendencies or to explain her conduct to her loved ones).
Likewise, a person who had a poor experience at a local restaurant would naturally tell his friends and give the restaurant a bad review — but this review could expose him to criminal liability if a jury was not satisfied with his motive.[2] People may thus become hesitant to criticize others (especially when those others are known to have the ear of the local prosecutor) for fear of a prosecution. Even when they know their own motives are pure, they may worry that the prosecutor and a jury might wrongly conclude otherwise. And this is especially so given the established Minnesota criminal defamation precedent that, “[a]fter the production of proof showing the publication of the libel, the burden [is] upon the defendant to establish such justification, or to show that, in excuse of the same, it was published upon reasonable grounds of belief, and from good motives.” State v. Shippman, 86 N.W. 431, 445 (Minn. 1901) (emphasis added); see also State v. Hage, 595 N.W.2d 200, 206, 207 (Minn. 1999) (concluding that criminal statutes may require justifications to be proven by the defendant by a preponderance of the evidence, so long as the justification does not “disprove or negate any element of the crimes with which [the defendant] was charged”).
This chilling effect is exacerbated by the difficulty of determining motive, and the uncertainty about what motives are good. Is the desire to expose a cheating ex-boyfriend to social ostracism a good motive (on the theory that it will deter other such behavior in one’s social circle) or a bad motive (on the theory that it is simply the desire to harm)? What about the desire to expose a woman’s alleged promiscuity? It is hard to predict how a jury would evaluate such motivations, especially given the lack of Minnesota caselaw on what constitutes bad motive.
Moreover, people often have multiple motives for what they say. For instance, people may post negative restaurant reviews both because they want to warn others about what they see a terrible restaurant, and because they personally dislike the restaurant owner. Indeed, human nature being what it is, one motivation is likely to help produce the other; we are more likely to be unhappy with our experience at a business if we dislike its owner, and vice versa. And it is unclear from the statute whether the “good motives” defense is satisfied when at least one of the speaker’s motives is good, only when all of the speaker’s motives are good, or when the good motive predominates (whatever that might mean).
The potential reach of the law, and thus its potential chilling effect, is therefore broad. And this effect falls on constitutionally protected speech. Statements on matters of purely private concern do not fall within a generally unprotected category of speech, such as obscenity or fighting words. As the Supreme Court has held, “[m]ost of what we say to one another lacks ‘religious, political, scientific, educational, journalistic, historical, or artistic value’ (let alone serious value), but it is still sheltered from government regulation.” United States v. Stevens, 559 U.S. 460, 479 (2010). “[S]peech on private matters” does not “fall[] into one of the narrow and well-defined classes of expression [such as obscenity] which carries so little social value . . . that the State can prohibit and punish such expression by all persons in its jurisdiction.” Connick v. Myers, 461 U.S. 138, 146 (1983).
Nor can the unconstitutional reach of the statute be justified on the grounds that pro­secutors will wisely use their discretion in choosing whom to prosecute. As the U.S. Supreme Court has held, “the First Amendment protects against the Government; it does not leave us at the mercy of noblesse oblige. We would not uphold an unconstitutional statute merely because the Government promised to use it responsibly.” Stevens, 559 U.S. at 479. And even the mere existence of a statute can inhibit speech out of fear that some prosecutor will choose to prosecute such speech.
Partly because of the difficulty in determining a speaker’s true motivation, and the chilling effect stemming from that difficulty, the U.S. Supreme Court has held that, “‘[u]nder well-accepted First Amendment doctrine, a speaker’s motivation is entirely irrelevant to the question of constitutional protection.’” FEC v. Wisconsin Right to Life, Inc., 551 U.S. 449, 468 (2007) (quoting Martin Redish, Money Talks: Speech, Economic Power, and the Values of Democracy 91 (2001)). Whether or not this is true in all instances, it makes sense when it comes to criminal libel law. And unsurprisingly, other courts that have considered similar criminal libel statutes — statutes that punished even true speech when it was said with supposedly improper motives — have held them to be unconstitutional. See, e.g., State v. Helfrich, 922 P.2d 1159, 1161 (Mont. 1996); Commonwealth v. Armao, 286 A.2d 626, 632 (Pa. 1972); Weston v. State, 528 S.W.2d 412, 416 (Ark. 1975).
To be sure, a narrow range of true statements on matters of private concern may lead to civil liability under the public disclosure of private facts tort. Lake v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., 582 N.W.2d 231, 235 (Minn. 1998); Restatement (Second) of Torts § 652D (1977). But that tort of course only provides for civil liability, not criminal punishment. It is limited to cases where the statement would be highly offensive to a reasonable person. And it is limited to situations where facts are communicated to the public at large. Bodah v. Lakeville Motor Express, Inc., 663 N.W.2d 550, 553-54 (Minn. 2003). Communications to a small circle of friends are expressly excluded even from civil liability. Id. Minn. Stat. 609.765 lacks these limitations.
II. Minn. Stat. 609.765 Criminalizes True Statements on Matters of Public Concern.
Minn. Stat. 609.765 also unconstitutionally criminalizes true statements on matters of public concern. Even accurate statements about someone involved in a public controversy — for instance, statements that a political candidate had smoked marijuana in college, or had an affair with an employee — might be punished under Minn. Stat. 609.765 if the jury finds that the speaker’s motives were not good (for instance, if the jury thinks the speaker was merely trying to discredit a political opponent, rather than acting out of pure public-spiritedness).
And the “fair comment” privilege available for speech “with respect to persons parti­ci­pating in matters of public concern” does not adequately protect true statements on such matters, because it requires that the comment be made “in good faith.” Minn. Stat. 609.765 subd. 3(3). The Minnesota Supreme Court has made clear that the fair comment privilege may be defeated by a showing that the speaker “was motivated by malice,” in the ordinary sense of being “hostile” to a person. Stuempges v. Parke, Davis & Co., 297 N.W.2d 252, 258 (Minn. 1980). Indeed, the Court held, “a communication, to be privileged, must be made upon a proper occasion, from a proper motive, and must be based upon reasonable or probable cause,” and, when the communication is so made “in good faith,” the privilege is established. Id. at 256-57 (citation omitted, emphasis added). Thus, if a person has an “[im]proper motive,” his speech may be found to lack “good faith” based on that motive alone.[3]
Yet the U.S. Supreme Court has stated that truth is a constitutionally required defense to defamation claims related to matters of public concern, regardless of the speaker’s motive. Garrison v. Louisiana, 379 U.S. 64, 73 (1964), so held as to statements about public officials, expressly rejecting a “good motives and for justifiable ends” limitation. And Philadelphia Newspapers, Inc. v. Hepps, 475 U.S. 767, 776-77 (1986), held that even in cases brought by private figures, “the plaintiff bear[s] the burden of showing falsity,” “[t]o ensure that true speech on matters of public concern is not deterred.” In Hepps, the Court rejected the traditional common law rule that the defendant speaker had to prove the truth of an allegedly libelous statement; that rule, the Court held, would create “a ‘chilling’ effect” that “would be antithetical to the First Amendment’s protection of true speech on matters of public concern.” Id. at 777 (emphasis added). Given that a plaintiff in a civil defamation case must show the falsity of a statement, a fortiori, a prosecutor in criminal defamation cases must do the same — yet Minn. Stat. 609.765 does not contain this constitutionally prescribed requirement.
Even outside defamation law, the Supreme Court has applied near absolute protection for the publication of truthful statements that pertain to matters of public interest. “As a general matter, ‘state action to punish the publication of truthful information seldom can satisfy constitutional standards.’” Bartnicki v. Vopper, 532 U.S. 514, 527 (2001) (quoting Smith v. Daily Mail Publishing Co., 443 U.S. 97, 102 (1979)). As the Court has “repeatedly held,” the publication of a truthful statement about a matter of public significance can be punished only to satisfy a “need of the highest order.” Id. at 527-28. Thus, for instance, in Bartnicki, the Supreme Court held that third parties who receive copies of illegally recorded conversations remain free to publish them; and in Florida Star v. B.J.F., 491 U.S. 524, 526 (1989), the Supreme Court invalidated a statute that barred newspapers from publishing the names of sexual assault victims. See also Jean v. Mass. State Police, 492 F.3d 24, 25, 30 (1st Cir. 2007) (holding that “the broad interest in permitting ‘the publication of truthful information of public concern’” protects “an individual’s internet posting of an audio and video recording of an arrest and warrantless search of a private residence” even “when the individual who posted the recording had reason to know at the time she accepted the recording that it was illegally recorded” (quoting Bartnicki)).
In each case, the laws, though well-intentioned and supported by important public policies, were invalidated after failing this scrutiny. Because of these precedents — both the libel law cases and the other cases — it is unsurprising that state courts have indeed struck down criminal libel statutes that failed to make truth an absolute defense as to matters of public concern. See Gottschalk v. State, 575 P.2d 289, 292 (Alaska 1978) (“The First Amendment to the United States Constitution requires that truth be an absolute defense regardless of the motive of the utterer, at least where public officials and public figures or issues of general or public interest are involved.”) (emphasis added); Farnsworth v. Tribune Co., 253 N.E.2d 408, 410 (Ill. 1969) (taking the same view as to speech about public figures); Dworkin v. L.F.P., Inc., 839 P.2d 903, 920 (Wyo. 1992) (likewise).
Moreover, whatever protection the “fair comment” defense does offer to true statements on matters of public concern, that protection can offer little assurance of safety to speakers. The line between speech on matters of public concern and speech on matters of supposedly purely private concern has proven hazy; it is hard for speakers to predict where the line will be drawn.
For instance, are allegations of criminal conduct speech related to a matter of public concern? The New Jersey Supreme Court recently held that a person’s online allegation that his uncle had molested him when the person was a child was a matter of purely “private concern” for libel law purposes. W.J.A. v. D.A., 43 A.3d 1148, 1157 (N.J. 2012). Likewise, the Texas Court of Appeals held that a newspaper’s allegations about how a sheriff’s son behaved in an interaction with police officers who had stopped him did not constitute speech on a “matter of public concern.” Klentzman v. Brady, 41 Media L. Rep. 2613 (Tex. Ct. App. 2013) (not yet released for publication in S.W.3d).
On the other hand, the California Court of Appeal held that the inclusion, in a leaflet posted around town listing alleged sexual attackers, of a claim that a particular man had attempted to rape a woman was speech on a matter of “public concern.” Carney v. Santa Cruz Women Against Rape, 271 Cal. Rptr. 30, 32, 37 (Ct. App. 1990). Likewise, the Alabama Court of Civil Appeals held that a broadcast showing a man slapping his child at the child’s baseball game, in the context of a discussion of excessive pressure on children in youth sports, “brought up a matter of public concern.” Forrester v. WVTM TV, Inc., 709 So. 2d 23, 26 (Ala. Civ. App. 1997).
The same lack of clarity is visible for allegations of drug or alcohol abuse by people who hold positions in which they can endanger the public. A D.C. Court of Appeals case, for instance, held that a letter to an airline alleging marijuana use by one of the airline’s pilots — the defendant’s ex-boyfriend — was merely on a subject of “private concern.” Ayala v. Washington, 679 A.2d 1057, 1068 (D.C. 1996). A Tenth Circuit case, on the other hand, held that an allegation that a supervisor at a tax assessor’s office had an alcohol problem was a matter of “public concern,” because it revealed improper behavior by a government official. Starrett v. Wadley, 876 F.2d 808, 817 (10th Cir. 1989). And a First Circuit case expressly concluded that a truck driver’s “drug test results were of legitimate public concern.” Veilleux v. NBC, 206 F.3d 92, 134 (1st Cir. 2000). Compare also Mississippi Comm’n on Judicial Performance v. Osborne, 11 So. 3d 107 (Miss. 2009) (holding that speech critical of whites by a trial judge running for reelection was not on “a matter of legitimate public concern,” but was “merely an expression of [the judge’s] personal animosity”), with Mississippi Comm’n on Judicial Performance v. Wilkerson, 876 So. 2d 1006 (Miss. 2004) (holding that speech critical of gays by a trial judge was on a matter of public concern).
Whatever the merits of a line between public and private concerns might be for civil liability as to false statements in libel cases, or for review of government employment decisions, that line is too unclear to provide adequate protection for speakers who are risking criminal punishments for true statements. Faced with Minn. Stat. 609.765, people who are considering publishing even true statements related to allegations of crime, allegations of drug abuse that jeopardizes the public, or matters of race or sexual orientation, might rightly worry that their statements would be seen as not on “matters of public concern,” so that the “fair comment” privilege might be unavailable to them. And they might worry that a jury would conclude that their statements were not made “with good motives and for justifiable ends,” so that the “good motives” privilege might be unavailable to them, too. Such people would thus be chilled from speaking even on important public matters.
III. Minn. Stat. 609.765 Criminalizes False Statements on Matters of Public Concern Even Without a Showing of “Actual Malice.”
Speech about people participating in matters of public concern may be punished only if the statements are false and said with so-called “actual malice” — knowledge that they are false or reckless disregard of whether they are false. The U.S. Supreme Court so held as to speech about public officials in New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254, 271-72 (1964). And it held the same as to speech about private figures in Gertz, 418 U.S. at 347. Gertz held that only proven compensatory damages are allowed on a showing of mere negligence. Id. Presumed and punitive damages cannot be recovered absent the same showing of “actual malice,” even for private figures. Id. at 349. A fortiori, criminal punishment must require at least the same showing; it cannot be permissible to jail people under a lesser showing than that required to collect punitive damages from them.
Moreover, the U.S. Supreme Court has made clear that “actual malice” in the sense of knowing or reckless falsehood — not “malice” in the sense of bad motives — must be shown before speech on matters of public concern can be punished. Masson v. New Yorker Magazine, Inc., 501 U.S. 496, 510-11 (1991). “Actual malice under the New York Times standard should not be confused with the concept of malice as an evil intent or a motive arising from spite or ill will.” Id. at 11 (citing Greenbelt Coop. Pub. Ass’n, Inc. v. Bresler, 398 U.S. 6 (1970)). Thus, a defamation verdict cannot stand when “[t]he jury was instructed in part that it could find for the [plaintiff] if it were shown that [defendant] had published the editorials ‘with bad or corrupt motive,’ or ‘from personal spite, ill will or a desire to injure plaintiff.’” Beckley Newspapers Corp. v. Hanks, 389 U.S. 81, 82 (1967) (quoting New York Times, 376 U.S. at 279-80). Instead, the jury must be asked whether the defendant spoke with “‘actual malice’ — that is, . . . knowledge that [the speech] was false or . . . reckless disregard of whether it was false or not.” Id.
But Minn. Stat. 609.765 does not require such a showing of “actual malice,” including in the fair comment defense (subdivision 3(3)), and the statute thus fails to incorporate the New York Times/Gertzconstitutional rule. Stuempges v. Parke, Davis & Co. expressly held that the “fair comment” defense, with its requirement of “good faith,” does not incorporate the “actual malice” test. 297 N.W.2d at 257-58. Likewise, Ferrell v. Cross, 557 N.W.2d 560, 565 (Minn. 1997) (quoting McBride v. Sears, Roebuck & Co., 235 N.W.2d 371, 374 (Minn. 1975)), concluded that having made an allegation “in good faith” “upon a proper occasion, from a proper motive, and . . . based upon reasonable or probable cause” is the threshold for claiming a defamation law qualified privilege, and that this threshold triggers the further requirement of plaintiff’s showing “[a]ctual malice” on defendant’s part. The Ferrell Court did not treat “good faith” as itself a synonym for absence of “actual malice.” Rather, it concluded that, if there is no “good faith” showing of “proper motive,” then actual malice need not be shown.
Minn. Stat. 609.765 is thus unconstitutionally overbroad, in a manner that the fair comment defense does not cure.
[1] United States v. Alvarez, 132 S. Ct. 2537 (2012), holds that this categorical lack of protection for false statements is limited to defamation and a few other narrow categories of speech that are not at issue in this case; outside those areas, even knowingly false statements can often be constitutionally protected. Id. at 2545 (plurality opinion); id. at 2553 (Breyer, J., concurring in the judgment); 281 Care Comm. v. Arneson, 2014 WL 4290372 (8th Cir. Sept. 2, 2014) (striking down a Minnesota statute that prohibited knowingly false statements in election campaigns).
[2] The statute outlaws defamation of “person[s],” and “[f]or purposes of construing statutes, generally, the term ‘person’ may include partnerships, associations, and corporations,” such as a restaurant-owning corporation. State v. Coonrod, 652 N.W.2d 715, 717 (Minn. Ct. App. 2002).
[3] See also, e.g., Dadd v. Mount Hope Church, 780 N.W.2d 763, 770 (Mich. 2010) (“To overcome the presumption of good faith the circumstances must be such as to show that the defendant was actuated by a bad motive, which led him to take advantage of the occasion to injure the plaintiff.”) (internal quotation marks and citation omitted); Belcher v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., 568 S.E.2d 19, 27 (W. Va. 2002) (“A qualified privilege exists when a person publishes a statement in good faith” about certain subjects, but “a bad motive will defeat a qualified privilege defense.”); 360 Const. Co., Inc. v. Atsalis Bros. Painting Co., 915 F. Supp. 2d 883, 895 (E.D. Mich. 2012) (“Courts have used the term ‘good faith’ to describe the statement-maker’s proper motive.”).
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Report: Staten Islands famous groundhog died after Bill de Blasio dropped itBy Abby Ohlheiser September 25 Follow @abbyohlheiser
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio rides the subway following an Earth Day Event on April 22. (Andrew Gombert/European Pressphoto Association)
#DeBlasio’sNewYork is full of elaborate groundhog cover-ups, according to what has to be among the top “so New York Post” stories in the long and amazing history of the New York Post being the New York Post .
“ Mayor de Blasio has groundhog blood on his hands!” the paper says, after an investigation by three of its reporters found that a groundhog famously dropped by the mayor this past Groundhog Day died days later.
The groundhog in question is the Staten Island Zoo’s “Chuck,” which is basically the Punxsutawney Phil of the Big Apple. Anyway, here’s what happened at last year’s Groundhog Day weather forecast:
On Feb. 9, the paper’s sources say, “Chuck” was found dead from “acute internal injuries” consistent with a fall like the one seen here.
Here’s what the Post says happened next:
Instead of revealing the sad loss, the zoo — which gets nearly half of its $3.5 million in annual funding from the city — told the staff to keep the mayor’s office in the dark about the animal’s fate.
They told only a few zoo supporters — but claimed that the groundhog had died of natural causes.
“I was told he died of old age, that he went to that big farm in the sky,” said Assemblyman Matthew Titone (D-SI), who later learned how the animal had died.
However, a spokesperson for the zoo told the New York Post that “it appears unlikely that the animal’s death is related to the events on Groundhog Day.”
A statement to The Washington Post from zoo spokesperson Brian Morris noted that the necropsy, performed by a Staten Island Zoo veterinarian, “revealed sudden internal injuries,” but the “exact cause of the injuries could not be determined.” Morris added that the injuries were “internal injuries that the animal most likely sustained sometime during the week after Groundhog Day, potentially overnight while in its exhibit.”
In an interview with the Associated Press on Thursday , Morris gave a little bit more context on the series of events leading to “Chuck’s” death.
Nothing that a zoo employee “may not have been forceful enough” when handing the creature to the mayor last February, Morris added that the groundhog drop was a “complete bungle.”
Here’s why, Morris told the AP, that the zoo thinks it unlikely the Groundhog Day fall killed “Chuck:”
Morris said the animal was given a thorough medical examination in the hours after the incident, and the check-up “revealed no evidence of trauma or pain.” The groundhog then participated in several events over the next week with no obvious ill effects from the fall…“We don’t know how the animal suffered the injuries but we don’t think it was from the fall,” Morris said. “We believe it happened sometime the night before she was found dead.”
The mayor’s office did tell the New York Post that it hadn’t heard about “Chuck’s” death until the paper’s reporters asked about it. Spokesman Phil Walzak told the Post that “we were unaware that Staten Island Chuck had passed but are sorry to hear of the loss.”
Morris told the AP that the Zoo felt it had no reason to tell the mayor about the groundhog’s death, adding, “It’s not like we were trying to spare the mayor’s feelings.”
But the Staten Island Chuck death cover-up isn’t the only groundhog conspiracy afoot, according to the paper. The “Chuck” dropped by de Blasio was actually “Charlotte.”
That’s apparently because the actual “Chuck” didn’t really get along with New York’s previous mayor, Michael Bloomberg.
Here is a video of Chuck biting Bloomberg in 2009, an incident, the Post says, that prompted the zoo to pull a switcheroo with its star groundhog:
“The zoo doesn’t make public that it has stand-in groundhogs to protect the ‘groundhog brand,’” the Post reports, citing “insiders.”
Speaking to the AP in response to the New York Post’s story, Morris explained that the zoo actually has four potential “chucks” on hand at any given time. On Groundhog Day, officials select “whichever groundhog is the least grouchy that day” to participate in the ceremony.
Groundhogs only live to be about seven years old. The “Chuck” responsible for biting Bloomberg, the AP confirmed with the zoo, is dead.
The Post’s report, in any case, didn’t address the biggest groundhog conspiracy at all: Why the city of New York entrusts its long-term meteorology to a marmot.
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Indian ethnic jewellery reaches new heightsManu Kaushik      Follow @manukaushik Delhi   Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Shining stars: A necklace studded with diamonds, rubies and emeralds from Amrapali Jewels. Photos by Shekhar Ghosh.
Pop star Rihanna recently stunned the fashion world with her wild looks on the cover of a global magazine. What interested the fashion conscious in India were the ruby and diamond ear cuffs she was wearing in the photograph. For, the ear cuffs were made by Amrapali Jewels, a Jaipur-based maker of ethnic luxury jewellery. Rihanna, though, isnt the only celebrity to adorn luxury jewellery made in Jaipur. Jennifer Lopez, Halle Barry and Angelina Jolie are among other international celebrities who have all done so on multiple occasions, says Tarang Arora, CEO, Amrapali Jewels.
The gems and jewellery market in Jaipur is one of the largest in the country. There are more than 400 jewellers in Jaipur that dot the length and breadth of the city, but only a handful of them deal in luxury jewellery. The definition of what classifies as luxury jewellery varies from one jeweller to another but most agree that any piece of jewellery above Rs 15 lakh could be called luxe. Until a decade and a half ago, ethnic luxury jewellery from Jaipur had only a few takers such as rich individuals and royalty. But the scene has changed since the turn of the century. The booming rich class and rising popularity of traditional Indian products around the world has increased demand of luxury jewellery made in Jaipur. Hollywood stars now wear Jaipur-made jewellery for their private parties while Indian actors and women from affluent families put it on at wedding functions.
Amrapali was set up by Rajiv Arora, Tarang's father, and Rajesh Ajmera in 1978. The two would travel to remote villages of Rajasthan, Gujarat and Odisha to buy tribal jewellery. "Each piece was unique in design and style. This helped them understand ethnic jewellery," says Tarang. For a long time the company focused mainly on the Indian market. A chance to showcase its Bollywood collection at the high-end department store Selfridges in London, in 2002, changed the face of the company, says Tarang. It now has presence in seven countries with 36 retail outlets, including at London's Harrods store.
VIDEO: The history and journey of Amrapali Jewels
Tarang says 95 per cent of luxury jewellery pieces are unique. "I can make some things look alike but I can't make exactly the same piece of jewellery again. For instance, every piece of diamond is different in shape, size, clarity and colour," he says. Amrapali draws its strength from ethnic Indian jewellery and doesn't compete with global marquee brands such as Cartier and Bvlgari. "Even our contemporary designs would have a traditional touch, in the form of enamelling, or depiction of parrots and elephants," says Tarang.
Indeed, Indian luxury jewellery stands out for its distinct designs, which includes kundan, meenakari (enamelling) and thewa. Enamelling is the art of coating the surface of gold and silver with vitreous enamel (made from molten glass) of different colours in an intricate design pattern. The designs may involve simple geometric shapes or more sophisticated patterns. This art was introduced to India by the Mughals and brought to Jaipur by Raja Man Singh around the 16th century. Kundan involves setting of precious stones in a jewellery piece using gold foil while Thewa is the art of embossing a filigreed sheet of gold onto molten glass to make jewellery and artefacts.
One of the prominent makers of enamelled jewellery in the city is Surana Jewellers. Nearly a third of its revenue comes from the luxury segment where the profit margin is higher. Director Kamal Surana says the jewellery market in India began changing for the better around 2000. "The whole scenario has changed in the past 15 years. The number of people who can afford luxury jewellery has grown tremendously in recent years," he says.
Hong Kong-based Sanjay Kothari, Vice Chairman of KGK Group, concurs with Surana. He says that, though the luxury jewellery market in India is fragmented, it is growing at an annual pace of about 20 per cent. KGK Group started in 1905 as a trader of coloured gemstones. It now has presence across the entire value chain of the gems and jewellery business, which includes jewellery manufacturing, exports and retailing. Its retail venture, Entice, mostly sells luxury jewellery and has four stores in Jaipur and other cities. "We are planning to open our fifth store in October," he says.
The jewellery maker with perhaps the richest legacy in Jaipur is The Gem Palace . The chain was started in 1852 by ancestors of Sudhir Kasliwal, a partner and eighth-generation owner of The Gem Palace. Kasliwal says people from across the world fly down to Jaipur to buy jewellery from The Gem Palace. "That's due to a strong word-of-mouth publicity. Almost 70 per cent of our clients are foreigners, who like our workmanship and designs," he says.
The Gem Palace has about 200 artisans working for it directly and indirectly who have mastered contemporary and traditional jewellery making. It runs five company-owned centres, including one in Delhi's DLF Emporio luxury mall. It also has a tie-up with Oberoi Hotels to sell jewellery at selected hotels.
Kasliwal says Jaipur's gems and jewellery industry has evolved over the past few years. From doing low-value cutting and polishing work of gems, the city has mastered the art of making value-added products such as jewellery, he says. Still, there is a long way to go before a Cartier-like brand emerges out of Jaipur. "Indian jewellers lack perfection," says Amrapali's Arora. Echoes Kasliwal: "Our branding is weak. We lag behind in maintaining quality and consistency."

Bnh M Chain Changes Logo After UproarSeptember 19, 2014
This post has been updated.
Last week, Yum Brands—the fast-food behemoth that owns KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell—opened a test location of Banh Shop in Dallas, selling Vietnamese-style street food. The hope is that bánh mì, a popular Vietnamese sandwich that’s become trendy in affluent American cities, could catch on among the wider public—giving Yum ammunition in its  challenge to Chipotle for the fast-casual market.
But Banh Shop’s  honey-garlic-aioli tofu barely had a chance to get off the grill before the place started drawing complaints. Members of Dallas’s Vietnamese-American community, evoking bitter wartime memories, criticized Banh Shop’s branding, saying the logo’s five-pointed red star is a communist symbol repurposed to sell fast food. “The red star in the logo is offensive to the thousands of Vietnamese Americans who have suffered from the Vietnamese Communist regime,” Nikki Duong Koenig told CultureMap Dallas , a local news site.
Koenig and others also questioned the use of the name “Saigon” (“Saigon street food” is the restaurant’s tagline), saying it makes light of the city’s capture and renaming.
In response to the criticism, Yum Brands dropped the logo yesterday. Yum’s SVP, Jonathan Blum, apologized to the president of the Vietnamese-American Community of Greater Dallas, Thanh Cung, who had started a petition  for a logo change. “It was never our intent to offend anyone, but we see we have made a mistake and in hindsight, we should have recognized this logo could be offensive,” Blum wrote. The logo outside Banh Shop has been taken down, though as of this writing it’s still visible on the website.
Blum also asked for Cung’s help in vetting new branding. “We will design a new logo, and would greatly appreciate your reviewing it, along with other aspects of this restaurant, before we make a final decision,” he wrote. “We hope that you can let us know if there are any other elements in the new logo or aspects of the restaurant that could be perceived poorly.”
For what it’s worth, plenty of other bánh mì shops use “Saigon” in their names—like this popular one , which is run out of a jewelry store in Manhattan. The trouble in Banh Shop’s case might be the perception of cultural carpetbagging. Small bánh mì shops typically are run by people of Vietnamese heritage, not by multinationals based in Kentucky.
And while a five-pointed red star has been used as a communist symbol since the Russian Revolution, the similar star that appeared on the North Vietnamese flag (which was adopted in 1976 as the flag of the unified Vietnam ) was yellow, not red. Ostensibly non-communist companies like Macys and San Pellegrino use red stars prominently in their logos, but of course they’re not consciously invoking a national symbol in the same way that Banh Shop is.
But to those who have reacted viscerally to the logo, the subtleties of color are irrelevant. “It’s the star from the Communist Vietnamese flag,” Toan Tran, whose parents emigrated from Vietnam, told CultureMap. “Yes, it’s a different color, but to me, the Taco Bell Corporation chose something to represent the country of Vietnam that I personally think is absolutely the wrong choice.”
[September 19, 2014, 4:20am EDT: This post was updated after Yum Brands dropped Banh Shop's logo.]
Share this:

Panasonic Eluga U s price lets it downPRICE: Rs 18,990
RATING: 3.5/5
SPECS: 5-inch IPS display (1280 x 720 pixels); 1.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor; 2 GB RAM; 16 GB storage; microSD slot (up to 32GB supported); 13 MP primary camera; 2 MP front camera; 3G; Wi-Fi; Bluetooth 4.0; Android 4.4; 2500 mAh battery; 141 grams
With the slab-like design, the Eluga U has rounded edges. It features a five-inch display with three capacitive keys. These are neither backlit, nor do they offer any haptic feedback. The back looks familiar as it has a complete glass panel, which has been inspired by the Nexus 4.
As the phone has a non removable back panel, there is a memory card slot on the panel covered with the flap. The same slot has the SIM tray with two SIM slots that has to be ejected using a pin.
Although an Android smartphone, Panasonic has loaded a custom UI on the phone that makes it intuitive to use with a single hand, especially while driving. This app panel uses only half the screen. For multitasking, I had to double tap the home key. Long pressing the home key launched Google Now.
Panasonic has loaded the Eluga U with the latest Android version, KitKat. Other than Google apps, it comes with three more apps: Hot N Trendy Space, Panasonic TV Remote, and Kingsoft Office.
The phone has got a 13 MP camera, which is impressive. The images and video both are bright, crisp and offers details. However, there is a slight lag while operating the camera. The audio is also loud and clear. It is packed with a 2500 mAh battery that lasted me a day and a half.
Bag it or junk it: Priced higher than the competitors.

Modi s US visit creates a buzz in diplomatic circlesNarendra Modi's US visit creates a buzz in diplomatic circles
Saurabh Shukla     New York   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 15:02 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
On  September 25 Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be heading for New York.  There is a lot of expectation from both the sides. Many are saying that  Modi's whirlwind diplomacy - with India's neighbours, including China , and  Japan - has earned him the distinction of being a turbo-charged leader  among his global counterparts. And now, Prime Minister Modi is all set  to sit down with US President Barack Obama. Not surprisingly, the prime  minister's impending visit has become a talking point in the US.
GROWING IMPACT
After  his successful visit to Japan, which saw the personal warmth between  the Prime Minister his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe, the Modi charmed  Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbot. It was followed by the recent  high-profile meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping in New Delhi.
Soon,  leaders of the UK and Russian President Vladimir Putin will be heading  to Delhi, proving the growing importance of engaging with India under  Prime Minister Modi. And then leaders from Africa too will join the  queue to be part of 'Modiplomacy'.
Modi's slated meeting with  President Barack Obama and the dinner in the honour of visiting Indian  prime minister have created a lot of buzz in the diplomatic circles in  New York. The two leaders will interact on September 29 and 30, and it  will be watched keenly by global leaders who will assemble here to  address the United Nations General Assembly.
In the US, Modi is  slated for a performance at the Madison Square Garden to woo the  Indian-Americans. He's also to deliver a speech at the Central Park, and  meet the captains of American industries. Who will say now that for a  decade the same Narendra Modi was not granted a visa by the US. The  Americans are now all out to extend a red carpet welcome to the Indian  prime minister.
"Narendra Modi's foreign policy is driven by  security matters when it comes to immediate neighbours, and economic  factors when dealing with major powers, as evidenced by the joint  statements with the world leaders. For his visit to the US, there is  less that the US government can offer in terms of infrastructure  development and manufacturing, at least not in the scale of Japan or  China. But Prime Minister Modi's engagements with the American private  sector will be crucial for the US. It will be important for India's  development initiatives in the near future," Richard M. Rossow, Wadhwani  Chair in US-India Policy Studies at the Center for Strategic and  International Studies in Washington, told Mail Today.
BOLSTERING TIES
While  in the US, Modi will engage with many world leaders and hold bilateral  meetings. He will meet Bangladeshi Prime Minister Seikh Hasina; Sri  Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakshe; the Clintons-former US president  Bill Clinton and former US secretary of state Hillary Clinton; the mayor  of New York and many more.
All of it will certainly add up to the  wholesome efforts of both the Americans and the Indians to bolster the  Indo-US ties. Here is a quick look at the issues that will have to be  addressed during Modi's visit to US.
ON THE AGENDA
>> Strengthening strategic partnership
India and the US did foster a good strategic partnership but it suffered during the UPA II regime. While the Indo-US nuclear deal became the centrepiece of bilateral relations, the then prime minister Manmohan Singh couldn't keep his promise of taking it through. The Indian liability law was stuck and the deal was delayed. The US was reassured with the new government ratifying the Additional Protocol under the Indo-US nuclear deal. The Protocol was meant to grant greater access by the International Atomic Energy Agency to monitor India's civilian nuclear programme.
>> Ramping up defence partnership globally
India is a big spender when it comes to defence purchases. Not surprisingly, India is being wooed by many suitors. President Obama will be keen to impress upon PM Modi that the US will be a trustworthy partner for defence hardware. There could be promises of technology transfer and joint production. Over the years, there has been a robust growth in defence trade, with defence acquisitions from US crossing $9 billion. During his talks, Modi is expected to flag that US the need to simplify its technology transfer policies. It is important that the US transfers state-of-the-art defence equipment to India; it will allay Indian concerns that the tap may run dry in a crisis situation.
>> Building personal chemistry
PM Modi's visit will provide the US leadership an opportunity to build good relations with the Indian prime minister. President Obama will surely want to build a personal rapport with Modi.
>> Cooperation on counter-terrorism
During their dialogues and in their joint statements both the US and India have been committing that they will fight terrorism and strengthen counter-terrorism operations. These issues should be an important take away from the Modi-Obama meeting. Cooperation in counter-terrorism is imperative, given the multiple threats that loom large on both the countries and the gamut of terror groups -from Al-Qaeda, Lashkar e-Taiba to the Islamic State. The functional cooperation between India and US is being done by a Joint Working Group and a Homeland Secretary Dialogue, besides regular intelligence-sharing between the agencies. What the two leaders can agree on is to take this cooperation to a new level where information can be exchanged and the two countries can mount joint operations to weed out terrorist groups. That can only happen with a decisive political leadership and it is an opportunity which Prime Minister Modi should exercise.
>> Putting trade on the freeway
Prime Minister Modi's economic diplomacy can boost the Indo-US relations; the $120 billion trade can touch the target of 1 trillion by 2030 with the right acceleration. When the two leaders meet, trade will be high on their menu and the idea will be to clear the hurdles. That will require getting rid of the archaic laws and reform labour laws that prevent many companies from investing in India. India has signed Bilateral Investment Treaties (BIT) with 82 countries. A BIT aims to protect and promote investments and guarantee international minimum standards in the treatment of foreign investments. But in case of the Americans, they want that US courts to have a final say in any commercial dispute arising under BIT. However, India wanted that the Indian courts should have the final say in such cases. It is important that India does the needful to assure the American investors in this regard.

To eat or not to eat: Host Barack Obama in a spotTo eat or not to eat: Barack Obama's big worry as PM Narendra Modi's host
Ranjana Narayan     New Delhi/Washington   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 15:01 IST
US President Barack Obama
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Navratri fast, which he is known to steadfastly abide by has thrown Washington into a tizzy. What would they serve Modi for the September 29 and 30 repasts during his summit meeting with President Barack Obama? And what is even more troubling is how can the host eat when the guest would be sipping 'nimbu pani' (fresh lime water)?
The Navratri festival (a festival during which many Indians fast for nine days) begins from September 25 and ends with Dussehra on October 3. Modi would be in the US from September 26 to 30.
The prime minister is reported to be observing the Navratri fast for the past four decades and would adhere to it during his major foreign policy sojourn to the US.
News that Modi would not be eating has thrown cold water on the elaborate menu being planned on September 29 for a private repast (whether dinner or lunch has yet to be worked out) that the White House is to host for the leader.
"The question is what will they serve Modi? Nimbu pani and more nimbu pani? Or may be nimbu pani with some different flavor? Things are still being worked out.. everyone is extremely busy with the visit," a source in the know of things told IANS declining to be named.
The prime minister's fast has also caused a ripple over the September 29 private repast that would see Modi and Obama - the leader of the world's biggest democracy and the leader of the world's oldest democracy - in a quiet retreat, working out ways to give a fillip to a flagging bilateral relationship.
"The troubling question is: How can the host be eating when the guest would be on fast," the source added.
Before news that Modi would be observing fast was known, the White House was thinking up interesting vegetarian fare, including Indian cuisine, for the strictly vegetarian prime minister. But now it looks likely to be fruit juices and fruit dessert!
Indian envoy S Jaishankar is known to be busy working out Modi's trip to the last minute detail.
Jaishankar, whose name was being flagged during the initial days of the Modi government as likely to be brought in to the centre in a top diplomatic position, has taken complete charge of the prime minister's US trip, another source said.
Modi arrives in New York on September 26 and would address the UN General Assembly on September 27 afternoon which would be his first global speech to an audience of nearly 200 world leaders and foreign ministers.
He is to address the Indian American community the following day at Madison Square Garden, which is being billed as a major event to be telecast live.
While the official itinerary is not out, on September 28 Modi is to attend a private reception hosted by Indian ambassador to the UN Asoke Mukerji and on the following day is to fly to Washington to meet leaders of the US Congress, India Caucus. September 29-30 are the two days reserved for the summit with Obama.
(IANS)

10 things startups can teach big companies10 things startups can teach big companies
Innovation through experimentation
What's one thing you think startups can teach big companies?
What's one thing you think startups can teach big companies? (johavel / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Young Entrepreneur Council, Tribune Content Agency
'A company must be flexible on everything to be able to work fast and deliver quickly...'
QUESTION: What's one thing you think startups can teach big companies?
Question the status quo
“One motto at the Haas School of Business at UC Berkeley is to question the status quo. Too often companies continue down a previously agreed upon path even though it is no longer the best course of action. While you don't want to be fickle, you should challenge past decisions if they no longer seem right. Startups excel at changing quickly, adapting to new situations and winning new markets.”
Bhavin Parikh, Magoosh Inc
8
“In larger corporations, there are a lot of inefficiencies that make simple tasks and goals hard to accomplish. Typical things like email — usually used to help you accomplish a goal — are often times turned into endless threads of ‘who is going to finish this project’ rather than simply getting it done.”
Stacey Ferreira, MySocialCloud
0
“Speed brings value, not disaster. Achieving high speed and delivering the right product (outcome) is an art. A company must be flexible on everything to be able to work fast and deliver quickly — from working hours to cost structure. To me, it seems like only few enterprises can have it in its world hall of fame.”
Arek Skuza, Follow @Arek Skuza
Create a positive company culture
“No matter how big or how ‘techy’ a company is, the employees there still need motivation and still need to treat work as fun. Company culture is as essential in a large corporation as it is in a four-person startup because no matter what, people need to push day in and day out to make a change in the world and get their product into the hands of consumers.”
Bryan Silverman, InStall Media
Limit bureaucracy, red tape and excessive approvers
“Startup culture is known for its energy and fast productivity. Successful startups generally accomplish this by hiring strong leaders and involving less people in decision-making processes. One lesson large companies can learn from startups is how to limit bureaucracy, red tape and excessive approvers. This would empower larger companies to create smaller teams that make faster decisions.”
Ben Rubenstein, Yodle
Focus on targeted marketing
“Focus on targeted marketing campaigns rather than outdated, non-targeted forms of advertising such as generic full-page ads in newspapers. Embrace social media, and you'll find that superior results are delivered for much less money.”
Andrew Schrage, Money Crashers Personal Finance
Learn the value of working remotely
“Understand the value and efficiency of teams working remotely and not on typical business hours. Big companies waste a lot of valuable time on internal meetings and having employees commute to the almighty ‘office.’ Although face time is important from time to time, the flexibility of remote work creates efficiencies and an energized team that's willing to answer email at night or on weekends.”
Matt Murphy, Global Citizens Travel
Make small investments first
“Make small investments and quickly quantify the results prior to making huge financial commitments. Large companies tend to overanalyze everything and seek massive amounts of data prior to making massive financial commitments. Startups tend to make small investments and measure the impact of their efforts faster, which in turn allows them to pivot faster and adapt to what they learn.”
Chuck Cohn, Varsity Tutors
Don't be a bottleneck
“Startups generally share a collaborative atmosphere, while in big companies you can encounter ‘bottlenecks’ in which the workflow, productivity and rate of output are limited because of the need for constant approvals. Big companies need to revisit, update and eliminate processes that inhibit employees from getting more done.”
Fabian Kaempfer, Chocomize
Innovate through experimentation
“Big companies enforce controls for every dollar invested and every hour spent; they need to be quantified, analyzed and optimized. The problem is that it kills the ability for ideas to grow and, more importantly, for assumptions to be questioned. Startups by nature have to validate their ideas, so they value experimentation and exploration.”
Mike Cuesta, CareCloud

EPFO s Rs 1 000 Minimum Pension to Benefit 32 Lakh ImmediatelyKisan Vikas Patra Vs Bank FD: What You Should Know
New Delhi: The government's decision to amend the Employees Pension Scheme, 1995 (EPS-95) run by EPFO to provide minimum monthly pension of Rs 1,000 will immediately benefit around 32 lakh pensioners who get less than this.
Earlier, estimates of EPFO had suggested that the immediate beneficiaries who were getting less than Rs 1000 every month would be 28 lakh while the total number of pensioners under the Employees' Pension Scheme (EPS-95) of Employees Provident Fund (EPFO) were 44 lakh.
"Out of the present 49 lakh pensioners of EPS-95 approximately 32 lakh pensioners are drawing less than Rs 1000 per month with a large number of them drawing less than Rs 500 per month," an EPFO order said.
Though the entitlement provided by the government under the EPS-95 was made effective on September 1, the pensioners getting less than Rs 1000 per month would be paid this much amount from next month onwards.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 16:31 (IST)

7 Words to Make Your Business Writing Workreddit
Most jobs today require writing of some kind -- email, forms, reports, presentation slides, social media, instructions, ads.  And if your job doesn't demand writing skills, your social life does. Social media posts, text messages, and emails keep you from being late, help you get a date, or even help you find a mate.
Enough said about motivation.  Here are my seven first and last words on writing that works.
1) Think: Find the "So What?"  Remember that your readers are always asking, "So why do I need to know this? So why will this be of interest to me?" In most situations, you could include any number of details. But your mission should be to focus on your audience: What's the new information for them?  Don't tell them what they already know. And don't tell them what they have no interest in knowing.  Can you roll up the essence of a situation into a summary statement that tells all? If so, that's your opener.
2) Switch: Assign your subconscious to the task.  When stumped while writing, I often switch to another project. My subconscious mind goes to work on finding that creative analogy, that jaw-dropping headline, that improved structure, or that more tactful phrasing.  Suddenly, my subconscious pops the answer into my conscious mind, and the writing dilemma is solved.
3) Listen: Write in your own voice. Use your own words -- not pompous language or jargon. To test for authenticity, once you've finished your document, read what you've written aloud. If it sounds unnatural to your own ears, it will sound stuffy to your reader as well.
4) Rewrite: The key to all good writing is rewriting. Write the first draft quickly. Unlike with brain surgery, you don't have to get it right the first time.  Just get the ideas down in reasonably good order.  Then you can improve the sentence structure and phrasing later.
5) Ask: Get editorial feedback. I'm not talking about just having someone proofread for typos or grammar errors -- although that's a good idea. Ask a colleague to read what you write and allow them the freedom to answer your specific questions honestly. You'll ask different questions for different documents, of course. But editorial feedback would include opinions on things such as these: Is the structure easy to follow?  Do the analogies improve clarity?  Is the tone appropriate?  Are the actions clear and specific? What details should I omit? Are key details missing?
6) Reflect: Allow a cool-off period of a few hours or a few days.  Time will tell you much about what you need to revise in your writing.  Strong sentences slap you upside the head.  Good writing soars. Weak writing limps along like a bird with a broken wing.
7) Read: Read good writers -- nonfiction writers and novelists.  Your ear will develop rhythm for the language.
When people ask me how I've published 46 books with major publishers -- and they want a serious, not flippant, answer -- these tips, based on trial-and-error writing experiences, are my words to the wise.  What are yours?
Follow Dianna Booher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DiannaBooher
More:

Fossil Fuels Don t Pollute  We Doreddit
On Sunday, more than a quarter million people gathered in New York City for the largest ever climate change protest . The next day, a number of high profile investors, including the Rockefeller family, pledged to divest a total of $50 billion from coal, oil and gas companies . The move was seen as demonstrating a commitment to lessen dependency on fossil fuels, curb greenhouse emissions and combat manmade climate change. The argument goes as follows: coal, oil and gas companies produce fossil fuels, fossil fuels produce greenhouse gases, and greenhouse gases produce climate change.  Therefore, coal, oil and gas companies are responsible for climate change. Straight forward enough. But upon closer inspection, this argument falls apart.
It is inaccurate, or at least incomplete, to say that fossil fuels produce greenhouse gases. Sitting in the ground, coal, oil and gas do no such thing. Nor do they pollute (much) when they are piled in a heap, stored in a barrel, or transported in a pipe. Rather, it is the use of fossil fuels that produces greenhouse gases.
To be sure, it takes energy to produce energy, and coal, oil and gas companies do cause pollution in their own right. But these companies would not have a viable business if they were getting high off their own supply, so to speak. It is, rather, other industries that are the largest consumers of fossil fuels and, consequently, the largest direct contributors to climate change .
Ranking industries by how much fossil fuels they consume does not really address the question of who is to blame for climate change, either. For the fact is that certain industries that pollute a lot are necessary to sustain those that pollute a little. There would be no Internet without servers, and there would be no servers without the metals from which they are made or the energy with which they run .  At a more fundamental level, all of the polluting industries today exist to meet the demands of human consumption.
The most popular solution for combating climate change is not to reduce consumption, but to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels by substituting "clean" energy sources in their stead . This is appealing because it requires little shift in behavior as a society or as a consumer. And while we can and should continue to work towards viable fossil fuel substitutes, the thought that such alternatives will meet energy demands in the short run is, unfortunately, a fantasy . Which means that the most, and perhaps only, surefire way to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels is simply to consume less.
Insofar as consumption follows from basic needs, like food or shelter, "overpopulation" is rightly seen as the root cause of climate change. But this assessment does not match the facts. As the UN Population Fund notes , "the wealthiest countries, with less than 20 per cent of earth's population and the slowest population growth, account for 86 percent of natural resource consumption." In terms of carbon emissions, population growth has had a much smaller impact than increased per capita consumption . For example, since the start of the millennium, China's carbon emissions have grown eighty times faster than its population . Furthermore, research shows there is not a direct correlation between quality of life indices and per capita emissions , which suggests that the majority of pollution generating consumption has nothing whatsoever to do with satisfying basic needs or, for that matter, improving human welfare .
If we accept these facts, the list of industries culpable for climate change grows considerably. We should hold accountable companies that serve up advertisements and encourage people to consume beyond their needs. We should hold accountable companies that provide debt and enable people to consume beyond their means.  We should hold accountable companies that design new products with the aim of rendering their old products obsolete . And, above all else, we must hold accountable our culture of conspicuous consumption , without which the whole fossil fuel economy could not exist.
The overarching point is not that coal, oil and gas companies should be excused for the role they play in causing climate change. But if human consumption is the root cause of climate change, as it surely is, responsibility can hardly be assigned to a single sector. Instead, when it comes to private divestment or public regulation, we must take a more holistic view , one that encompasses not only fossil fuel production, but fossil fuel consumption, too.
More:

20 Facts Everyone Should Know About Gender Bias in Moviesreddit
A new study , Gender Bias Without Borders, was released by the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media this week. Conducted by Dr. Stacy Smith and a team at USC's Annenberg School for Communications and Journalism, it looks at 120 films in the 10 most profitable film markets, globally. These films, rated G, PG, or PG-13.5 or their equivalents, were compared to similar films in the U.S. A category for U.S./UK collaboration was created since it was so common. The U.S. ranks consistently low in almost every metric.
To discuss their findings, the Institute hosted its second annual Global Symposium on Gender in Media, which I attended. The primary response I had was, how is it possible that people, especially people in this industry, remain unaware of these facts and what they mean?  My second was, how do we get this information to audiences who live with the effects of this bias, but are demonstrably unaware?
Studies, other studies , show that everyday sexism is invisible to most people.  One form that sexism takes, including vis-a-vis media, is that people overestimate the presence of women and their speech . It happens everywhere . It's not that we think women are necessarily apparent or speaking as much as men, but that we expect them to be, relatively speaking, invisible and not speaking, so, by comparison, any appearance and speech is "too much." This says a lot about status and mainstream cultural assumptions about social roles and of power.
Despite decades of research, it is apparent that we are, as a culture, so used to women being marginal that we don't even notice. Women, as Davis points out, are only 17 percent of the people in movie crowd scenes, and yet viewers assume they are almost equally represented. That 17 percent number is super interesting, since it is also roughly the percentage of women found in leadership positions in government and business.
With very small changes, the ratio of men to women in film has remained fundamentally unchanged since 1946. As Davis put it, at this rate, "It will be 700 years before we reach parity" in U.S. media. And that parity is crucially important, not the least of which is because, as she explained, "Eighty percent of media we consume is made in the United States. We are responsible for exporting these images of girls and women to the world." It is not a pretty picture.
Twenty Facts About Gender and Film in 2014
Read them and weep.
And then share widely.
Globally, there are 2.24 male characters for every 1 female character.
Out of a total of 5,799 speaking or named characters 30.9 percent were female, 69.1 percent male.
Films for children had similar ratios, with only 29.2 percent having female protagonists.
Less than a quarter of films surveyed (23.3 percent) had a female lead or co-lead.
The U.S./UK hybrids and Indian films were in the bottom third for gender-balance, with less than a quarter of speaking roles going to female characters.  In the U.S./U.K. hybrids, 23.6 percent and in Indian films, 24.9 percent.
These on-screen ratios mirror behind the camera realities.  Out of 1,452 filmmakers whose gender was identifiable, 20.5 percent were female compared to 79.5 percent who are male.
Females are 7 percent of directors, 19.7 percent of writers, and 22.7 percent of producers
France has the worse gender ratio, 9.1 men to 1 woman.
Brazil has the best, 1.7 men to 1 woman. The U.S.? 3.4 men to 1 woman.
When women direct films there are 6.8 percent more women in them. When women are screen writers, there are 7.5 percent more women.   As the report points out, however, this may not be a good thing. "This explanation reflects the old age, "write what you know." On the other hand, women maybe given these projects to write and direct that include more female characters. This second and latter explanation is more problematic, as it restricts the range of open directing and writing opportunities given to women."
How gender is represented is also consistently problematic, particularly when you consider the influence media has on children's imagination and self-conception.  Female characters are more than twice as likely to be wearing sexy and sexualizing clothes  (24.8 percent vs. 9.4 percent),
Female characters are more than twice as likely to be skinny (38.5 percent vs. 15.7 percent),
Female characters are more than twice as likely to be either partially or fully naked (24.2 percent vs. 11.5 percent).
In films, comments made by characters that refer to appearance are directed at women at a rate of FIVE times that of comments directed at men.
For films with fictional characters for younger children, in which the characters were aged 13-39, females are equally disproportionately sexualized. Even worse, however, is that in kids films, female characters are even more likely than in adult films to be thin.
In the U.S., for example, although women make up 46.3 percent of the workforce, they are only 23.2 percent of characters who work on film.  This is one of the largest representational differences among all the countries measured. Needless to say, nowhere were women overrepresented as working for pay.
India had the smallest discrepancy in depictions of work: women make up 25.3 percent of the off screen workforce and 15.6 percent on the onscreen one.
When researchers looked at characters who were executives, as a marker of leadership representation, women made up 13.9 percent. There were not enough of them to have country breakdowns. While the study notes that "Across the global sample, occupational power is at odds with female participation," that number, 13.9 percent is actually not too far off the mark. In the U.S. 17 percent of executives in the Top 100 companies are women, internationally that number is 24 percent.  Women make up only 3 percent of CEOs globally.
Men are much more likely to be seen as attorneys and judges (13 to 1), academics (16 to 1), doctors and medical practitioners (5 to 1). Just three female characters were represented as political leaders with power. One didn't speak. One was an elephant. The last was Margaret Thatcher.
Men were represented in STEM jobs area at a ratio of 7 to one.  In the U.S., where women make up 24 percent of the STEM workforce, men made up 87.5 percent of STEM job workers.
I am grateful for organizations like the ones that came together (the UNWomen and the Rockefeller Foundation sponsored this work)  to do this study, but I am tired of reading statistics like this.
Executives at the meeting I attended, women, expressed being "startled" by the data and I had to ask, "How is that possible in 2014?" Men have disproportionate industry potential to be change agents.  Where are they? The room I sat in was 90 percent women.  Media and entertainment management, like most other industries', is lacking in diversity . Men with influence and the ability to raise these questions and do something about them probably strive, as individuals, to be good parents to their kids and make sure their daughters are healthy, happy, educated and ambitious. Not doing anything about this problem, from an institutional perspective, undoes all of that effort. The argument that there is some kind of benign "neutral" position is misguided. Same goes for parents.
Boys and men are done a massive disservice from these media portrayals as well. The flip side of these biased portrays contribute to inhumane, unrealistic stereotypes about masculinity based on control, violence, dominance and the active erasure of empathy as an acceptable emotion. A narrow, frequently violent, power-over-others male heroism comes at a very high price for everyone.  As filmmaker Abigail Disney, a panelist, asked, along with women, there is another notable absence, "Where are the men who solve problems by thinking?"
Doing nothing perpetuates a discriminatory and harmful status quo.  When progressive movie stars, the most prominent and well-paid being men, sit at a table, when liberal-minded executives review scripts, when open-minded producers are hiring -- why is this not front and center? Davis recommends two very simple steps when scripts are being reviewed: change "he" to "she" for characters and make sure crowd scenes are gender balanced.
"Film executives were raised on this media, too. Just as women are underrepresented on screen they are missing in the real world," explains Davis. These are not unrelated realities.
You may at this point be saying, "It's all about the money." Except, it's not. Films featuring women in meaningful roles make more money. What does that leave us with ? Consumer education. When will we draw a line? It's not just about withholding money, but actively supporting women filmmakers and movies that feature diversity, fully dimensional female characters such as those featured in the annual Athena Film Festival .
Many made the point that, for the most part, moviegoers are unaware of the biases. Consumers are not going to theaters thinking about gender or how its representation impacts their and their children's lives, boys and girls both. Media is how we train girls and women to have low expectations and train boys to have high ones.  Girls to exhibit submissiveness and self-objectification, boys to express dominance and control. This isn't a passive process.
"Filmmakers make more than just movies," explains Smith. "They make choices. The choice could be for gender equality."  There is no excuse for not having this information and using it.
Researchers took pains to explain the limitations of their study and make good recommendations for improvement, further courses of inquiry and necessary steps that can be taken to address what is clearly a significant problem in our story-telling, especially for children.
What can you do? Share these facts, talk about them with educators, coaches, family, friends. Family friendly films are among the biggest problems. Talk to your kids. Don't let this everyday sexism go unremarked upon. Vote with your wallet. Tell your local theatre to improve their programming.
The representation of gender in these films shapes imaginations and identity, aspirations and ambition.  These depictions teach girls and boys about how culture sees them: their worth, their relative value, the roles they "should" play.  Girls and women, infinitely diverse in their interests, appearance, ambition, ability, aspirations, make up more than 50 percent of the human population, but you would never know any of this watching our top grossing films.  Really, how can we continue telling these fundamentally destructive stories to children?
Follow Soraya Chemaly on Twitter: www.twitter.com/schemaly
More:

Where you can get unlimited vacationVery few companies offer unlimited vacation days, but these do
By Kathryn Vasel   @KathrynVasel September 24, 2014: 5:58 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Just because Richard Branson does it, doesn't mean the rest of America will.
On Wednesday, the billionaire business mogul announced Virgin Group employees can take as much vacation days as they need.
But according to a June survey from the Society of Human Resource Management, less than 1% of employers offer unlimited paid vacation time. The group surveyed 500 human resources representatives from employers of all sizes across the country.
While the statistics might be disheartening, American workers are notoriously bad about taking their vacation days. A recent report from the U.S. Travel Association showed 40% of American workers will allow some of their paid vacation days to go unused.
Branson said the perk was inspired by Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ), which offers workers unlimited vacation time.
Here's a look at other companies that offer employees unlimited vacation days:
Netflix
First Published: September 24, 2014: 5:18 PM ET
Most Popular
Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Coal blocks  players may have to pay Rs 10K cr fine: CrisilSep 25, 2014, 09.00 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Coal blocks' players may have to pay Rs 10K cr fine: Crisil
In 2015-16, impacted players in the sponge iron and aluminum sectors are expected to witness a 900-1,000 bps and 300-400 bps decline, respectively, in operating profitability, the report added.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal blocks' players may have to pay Rs 10K cr fine: Crisil
In 2015-16, impacted players in the sponge iron and aluminum sectors are expected to witness a 900-1,000 bps and 300-400 bps decline, respectively, in operating profitability, the report added.
Post your opinion here
 
With cancellation of 214 coal blocks, the players of operational units may have to shell out Rs 10,000 crore as fine, rating agency Crisil has said.
"Players who have operational coal blocks will witness a sharp decline in profitability post 2014-15, as they would have to substitute captive coal with imported coal which is about four times more expensive (as  Coal India may not supply domestic coal to these players given its FSA commitments to the power sector)," it said in a statement.
In 2015-16, impacted players in the sponge iron and aluminum sectors are expected to witness a 900-1,000 bps and 300-400 bps decline, respectively, in operating profitability, it added.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993. The four blocks saved from cancellations are one each of  NTPC and  SAIL and two mines allocated for Ultra Mega Power Projects.
"For these cancelled blocks, the court granted six months to shut down operations. Moreover, players with operational blocks have been asked to pay a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne of coal mined up to 2014-15, which will translate to Rs 100 billion (Rs 10,000 crore)," it said.
Of the 218 coal blocks allotted so far, only 40 blocks have been commissioned as of 2013-14, with a production of 39 million tonnes, it said.
The statement added that the impact of de-allocation of operational coal blocks on 7-8 GW of linked power projects will be limited as these operate under a fixed return model.
"Moreover, we expect alternate domestic coal supply (albeit at a higher price as compared to captive coal) to be provided to these projects as most of them are operated by state-owned utilities," it said.
"We expect the power purchase cost for utilities to rise, particularly in West Bengal and Punjab, where it would increase by Rs 0.5-0.8 per unit given that these plants account for a large share of power purchase," it added.
However, it said, at pan-India level, the impact would be negligible as these plants account for less than 5 percent share of total generation.
RELATED NEWS

Australian terror suspect may not have acted aloneA forensic officer documents objects including a blanket at the scene of a fatal shooting at Endeavour Hills Police Station in Melbourne, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Sydney | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:52 am
A terror suspect shot dead after he stabbed two Australian counterterrorism police officers may not have been acting alone as originally thought, a lead investigator said Thursday.
Numan Haider, 18, was killed Tuesday after he stabbed two officers during a meeting outside a Melbourne police station. Police initially said Haider appeared to be working on his own, but Victoria Police Chief Commissioner Ken Lay said new information suggests that might not be the case.
“There’s some information that he was certainly talking to other people around the time that he came to the police station,” Lay told Australian Broadcasting Corp. “It’s just a little unclear to us at the moment whether there were actually people at the police station with him, whether they dropped him off, whether they were waiting for him.”
Haider caught authorities’ attention about three months ago, after police say he began displaying a series of troubling behaviors, including waving what appeared to be an Islamic State flag at a shopping center. His passport was canceled about a week ago on national security grounds.
Lay said police visited Haider’s home earlier Tuesday to set up the meeting. When the three met outside the station Tuesday night, they exchanged handshakes before Haider began stabbing the officers. Police say one of the officers then fired at Haider, killing him. A second knife was later found on Haider’s body, police said.
The Victorian police officer who was stabbed was expected to leave the hospital on Thursday, Justice Minister Michael Keenan told Parliament. The federal police officer, who received the most severe injuries, remained hospitalized but was doing well, Keenan said.
Some experts suspect the attack was inspired by the Islamic State group’s recent call to supporters to wage terrorism in their home countries.
In an address to the United Nations on foreign fighters, Prime Minister Tony Abbott blamed Islamic State for the attack, describing the group as a “death cult” that had “declared war on the world.”
“It’s hard to image that citizens of a pluralist democracy could have succumbed to such delusions, yet clearly they have,” Abbott said.
Earlier this month, Australia raised its terror warning to the second-highest level, citing the domestic threat posed by Islamic State supporters. Last week, police detained 16 people in counterterrorism raids in Sydney and charged one with conspiring with an Islamic State leader in Syria to behead a random person.

Lloyds of London warns on airline lossesLloyd’s of London chairman warns insurers against low premiums
By Alistair Gray and Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0ef5b35a-447d-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Look East  but also link West  says PM Modi ahead of US tripCheered by some of India’s top billionaires, Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled a campaign on Thursday to turn India into a manufacturing powerhouse, vowing to remove bureaucratic sloth and make the country more investor friendly.
 
The "Make in India" campaign is as much an invitation to domestic and foreign companies as a promise to rectify everything that has kept the country at almost the bottom of World Bank’s ‘ease of doing business’ index.
 
“(The) mantra of our government is that we want to trust each and every Indian. The atmosphere of trust can change a lot of things,” Modi said at the launch of his government’s flagship programme that came with a new web portal www.makeinindia.com emblazoned with logo of a prowling lion.
Watch: Modi launches 'Make in India' scheme
“We don’t want any industrialist being forced to leave India. (I) can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months.”
 
The government wants to boost the share of manufacturing in country’s gross domestic product to 25% from about 15% now, roughly the same share of the economy as peers like Brazil and Russia but less than China’s 32%.
 
Read: All about Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign
From energy shortages and land problems to ambiguous tax laws and byzantine labour rules, a barrage of hurdles have kept away large-scale private investments in what should otherwise count as a massive, attractive market, analysts said. Lack of cooperation between the federal and state governments also turns off investors.
 
“The real challenge lies in getting execution of projects right at the state level,” said Sunil Sinha, director India ratings at Fitch – a global rating agency.  “States will have to come around to reform laws, even at the level of local bodies, and proactively facilitate implementation of plans and policies drawn up by the Centre.”
 
Populous, and strategic, neighbour China’s manufacturing capabilities have long overshadowed India and the government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to the Asian giant as costs and risks there rise.
 
For 64-year-old Modi, however, at stake is a key election promise to lift the lowest living standards among emerging markets by creating jobs for about 100 million young Indians who will enter the workforce over the next decade or so.
Modi leaves for US, hopes visit will boost ties
 
During 2005-12, India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
 
"We don't need to invite the world to India, they are ready to come,” Modi told an audience of some of the country’s wealthiest tycoons, including Reliance Industries head Mukesh Ambani, India's richest man, Tata Group chairman Cyrus Mistry and Wipro chairman Azim Premji.
 
It was a first-of-its kind assembly of top corporate leaders, who are pinning hopes on Modi and his government to steer the economy out of a prolonged slump.
 
Speaking before Modi, Ambani said the prime minister’s interactions “in Japan and anticipation of the visit to the USA (have) created a very positive environment,” adding that his company will hire 125,000 more people in the next 12-15 months.
 
AV Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla said with the launch of the “Make in India” campaign India had embarked on a “landmark mission that coincides with the triumph in outer space.”
PM Narendra Modi unveils the "Make In India" logo pic.twitter.com/ldoQnEBpUw
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 25, 2014
                  
Modi, whose party opposes foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail, articulated the contentious issue by saying that FDI also meant “first develop India” as much as it meant an opportunity for multinational companies to grow in India.
 
The government has identified 25 sectors, including automobile, aviation and construction that have potential to attract investment.
 
All ministries and state governments have been advised to introduce self-certification, while the home ministry will provide security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
 
The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December, while plans to initiate the other labour laws have already been initiated.
Read: Modi’s US visit could boost regional Asian ties
 
Asia's third-largest economy is showing signs of clawing out of its longest slump in a quarter century, and Modi’s landslide election victory has raised hopes that he will be able to engineer a quick turnaround.
Highlights of the mega launch event
Live Blog Make in India campaign launch
 
Watch: 'Make In India' to bring govt and industry closer: India Inc
 

PM leaves for US  hopes visit will mark  new chapter  | Full coveragePM Modi leaves for US, hopes visit will mark "new chapter"
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 06.01PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(The Prime Minister said…)
NEW DELHI: Describing America as India's "vital partner", Prime Minister Narendra Modi today embarked on his first visit to the US confident that his five-day trip will mark a "new chapter" in bilateral strategic ties.
As Modi seeks to promote India as open for business and to mend ties with the US after a bitter diplomatic row last year, Modi said he was looking forward to meeting President Barack Obama in Washington over two days.
The Prime Minister said he will discuss with Obama how Indo-US ties can be taken to a "new level" in the interest of the two countries as well as of the world.
Obama will host a rare private dinner for Modi at the White House on September 29, so as to establish a personal relationship with the Indian leader ahead of summit talks the next day. The two leaders are meeting for the first time.
The Prime Minister is expected to have only tea and lemonade at the dinner as his US visit coincides with the Navratri fast which he religiously observes every year.
"I will discuss with President Obama how we can use the strength of all that we share and all that we have built so far to take our relationship to a new level in the interest of our two countries and the cause of this world. I am confident that the visit will mark the start of a new chapter in our strategic partnership," he said in a statement before he took off on a special Air India plane.
Modi will have a stopover in Frankfurt tonight and will reach New York tomorrow and later proceed to Washington on September 29.
"I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation - and, above all, a shared commitment to human values.
Working together, and with others, we can bridge the many divisions of our times and contribute to building a more peaceful, stable, secure, sustainable and prosperous world," the Prime Minister said.
The case involving Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade last year had escalated into a full-blown diplomatic spat between India and the US, casting a shadow on their ties. Khobragade was arrested and then strip-searched in New York for allegedly mistreating her domestic maid.
In New York, Modi will deliver his maiden address at the UN General Assembly on Saturday.
In his address at the 69th session of the UNGA, Modi said he will call for a stronger global commitment and more concerted multilateral action in addressing challenges of fragile global economy, turbulence and tension in many parts of the world, growth and spread of terrorism, the Ebola health crisis in Africa, climate change and eradication of poverty.
"I will also stress the urgency of early reforms in the United Nations, to ensure that it remains relevant and effective in dealing with the challenges of the 21st Century," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIPB to consider HDFC Bank s FDI proposal on Oct 1Sep 25, 2014, 05.41 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FIPB to consider HDFC Bank's FDI proposal on Oct 1
If the proposal of the bank to raise foreign investment to 67.55 percent is accepted, it would exceed the cap of 74 percent, after taking into account parent HDFC Ltd's stake.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FIPB to consider HDFC Bank's FDI proposal on Oct 1
If the proposal of the bank to raise foreign investment to 67.55 percent is accepted, it would exceed the cap of 74 percent, after taking into account parent HDFC Ltd's stake.
Post your opinion here
 
The long pending controversial proposal of  HDFC Bank to hike foreign holding would be taken up by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board on October 1. HDFC Bank's proposal would come up for consideration in the next meeting, sources said. Late last year, HDFC Bank had approached the FIPB for increasing the foreign holding in the bank to 67.55 percent from 49 percent.
If the proposal of the bank to raise foreign investment to 67.55 percent is accepted, it would exceed the cap of 74 percent, after taking into account parent HDFC Ltd's stake. The Department of Economic Affairs and DIPP (Department Of Industrial Policy & Promotion) are of view that promoter HDFC Ltd's 22.56 percent stake in HDFC Bank is foreign investment.
Also Read: HDFC Bank to grow 30% if economy expands at 7%, says Aditya Puri
Foreign entities, including FIIs, hold more than 77.36 percent in HDFC Ltd. The foreign holding in a bank cannot exceed 74 percent as per the existing norms. At the end of June 2014, foreign institutional investment (FII) in HDFC Bank was 33.93 per cent, according to BSE data.
Further, foreign investors hold another 16.90 percent shares through ADRs and GDRs. If the promoter's (HDFC Ltd) stake of 22.56 percent is deemed to be foreign, then the total of the above mentioned three categories would take foreign investment to over 74 percent. FDI, FII, NRI holding, ADR/GDR, convertible preference shares, foreign currency convertible bonds are treated as foreign investment under the FDI policy.
Investments by HDFC Ltd, which is 77.36 percent owned by FIIs, and associate companies, in HDFC Bank were made before 2009, when the government came out with norms to calculate the level of foreign investment in companies.
HDFC Bank stock price
On November 21, 2014, HDFC Bank closed at Rs 932.50, up Rs 14.90, or 1.62 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 940.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 618.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 38.37 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 24.3. The latest book value of the company is Rs 180.05 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.18.
RELATED NEWS

US majority feels the need for third politic...Congress
(Since 2007, a majority has…)
WASHINGTON: A majority of American adults feel a third party is required as both the Republican and Democratic parties "do such a poor job" representing the people, a Gallup poll has found.
A majority since 2007 has typically called for a third party, as per the poll results released yesterday.
The poll comes nearly six weeks before the mid-term Congressional elections and at a time when most Americans hold an unfavourable opinion of both the parties in Congress , with only about four in 10 judging each party positively.
Americans' views towards the two major parties have been unenthusiastic for much of the past decade.
They were responding to the question: "In your view, do the Republicans and the Democratic parties do an adequate job of representing the American people, or do they do such a poor job that a third major party is needed?"
58 per cent voted in the affirmative while 35 per cent felt that both the main parties were doing an adequate job. Seven per cent had no opinion, it said.
However, even when the parties' images were more positive in the past, including majority favouring the Democrats throughout 2007 and acceptability for the Republicans approaching 50 per cent in 2011, Americans still saw the need for a third party, Gallup said.
The first time a Gallup poll asked whether a third party was required was in 2003 when a majority of Americans believed the two major parties were adequately representing the US public. It was the only time this has been the case.
Since 2007, a majority has said a third party was needed, with two exceptions occurring in the fall of the 2008 and 2012 presidential election years, according to Gallup.
A historic 60 per cent high favouring a third party came in a poll conducted during the partial federal government shutdown last October. At that time, only 26 per cent of Americans said the parties were doing an adequate job. That figure is up to 35 per cent now, but with little change in the percentage calling for a third party.
FEATURED ARTICLES

L&T Tech  Cisco team up for  internet of thi...You are here: Home > Collections > Cisco
L&T Technology, Cisco team up for 'internet of things' biz in India
ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 06.26PM IST
Tags:
Bangalore
(L&T Technology and Cisco…)
MUMBAI: L&T Technology Services, the engineering services arm of industrial conglomerate Larsen & Toubro, and Cisco have teamed up to offer 'internet of everything' solution in the transport and mass transit industries, the companies said in a statement.
L&T Technology and Cisco will make joint contributions to a global solution centre, which will be housed within L&T Technology's facility in Bangalore . The 'internet of everything' is a term used to describe devices that are connected to the internet and communicate with each other.
The combination - in which L&T Technology will develop solutions around Cisco's offerings - will capitalize on the conglomerate's strength in building transportation infrastructure and access to deals in the space.
The collaboration, which will initially focus on assessing the business value of connected solutions in the railway segment, could also be expanded to industry verticals such as manufacturing, defence, consumer packaged goods and off-highway transport.
"India and the Middle East are seeing a robust opportunity in the infrastructure sector. The current market scenario in India is optimistic; with the Indian governments relaxing metro eligibility requirements, new metro projects are expected to be launched every year. Several new freight corridors as well as high-speed lines are also planned," the companies said.
The market opportunity in India for signaling and telecom is expected to be about $1.8 billion over the next 3 years, they added.
L&T Technology was spun-off from the conglomerate earlier this year. L&T plans to list the unit, along with its IT services business L&T Infotech in 2016. In June, L&T Technology said it would buy a 74% stake in the Indian subsidiary of global defense and aerospace industry player Thales.
FEATURED ARTICLES

REITs & InvITs guidelines to be announced anytime this week: SEBIchairmanPrint
Ahmedabad | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:08 pm
With an eye on attracting long term investments in the infrastructure sector, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) will be “formally annoucning” the guidelines for Real-estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs) sometime this week.
“This week SEBI is going to formally announce the guidelines for REITs and InvITs. The regulations are expected any day during this week itself,” said UK Sinha, chairman, SEBI, while delivering a keynote address at a pre-Vibrant Gujarat summit event at Gandhinagar on Thursday. These trusts are like mutual funds that raise resources from many investors which will be directly invested in realty or infrastructure projects.
“Going by the experience of Singapore, Australia and Japan, I feel that these two regulations will help us provide long term financing for growth of infrastrcture sector,” he said at the event titled, ‘Financing For Economic Growth: A policy roadmap’.
Last month the board of the Capital markets watchdog had approved regulations for REITs and will now be notifying the new norms.
“This has been planned with lot of consultants with industry and I am happy that majority of the problem of the industry with regard to pass-through has been addressed,” Sinha added. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his budget speech had announced pass-through status for the purpose of taxation to these two instruments to make them attractive to investors. The pass-through status means that the return from investments through REITs and InvITs will be taxed only in the hands of investors and the trusts will not have to pay tax on income.
“So far as REITs and InvITs are concerned, we are going to begin with a (asset) size of Rs 500 crore. We have deliberately kept the investments at a higher level for investors, because we do not want uninformed investors to come in to this. We are starting with projects that are completed and revenue generating,” Sinha added.
 

Coal scam: Court to consider closure report on Oct9Print
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:08 pm
A special court has fixed October 9 for considering a closure report in which CBI has concluded that no undue benefit was given to M/s JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd by the Coal Ministry in allocation of coal block to it.
CBI, in its closure report, said that nothing substantial has emerged to establish cheating and criminal conspiracy among officials of the Ministry of Coal and M/s JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd’s directors, including Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Darda.
The agency filed the closure report in the case in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd, its directors Vijay Darda, his son Devendra Darda, his brother Rajendra Darda, Manoj Jayaswal, Anand Jayaswal and Abhishek Jayaswal and unknown persons under sections 420 (cheating) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC.
The case was transferred to the court of special CBI judge Bharat Parashar, who is exclusively dealing with the cases of coal scam. He has kept the closure report for consideration.
The agency had earlier filed the closure report in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate.
CBI, which had earlier alleged in its FIR that JLD Yavatmal wrongfully concealed previous allocation of four coal blocks to its group companies in 1999-2005, has now said in its closure report that even if it would have revealed the fact, it would not have been disqualified for getting the coal blocks.
The closure report said investigation could not establish that JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd has obtained any undue benefit from the Ministry of Coal with regard to its non-declaration of previous coal blocks.

BJP trying to divide people  Modi unable to stop incursion by China: NitishKumarNitish Kumar said BJP leaders have become 'arrogant'.
Press Trust of India | Jind | Posted: September 25, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:43 pm
Former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Thursday hit out at BJP, accusing it of practicing divisive politics and charged the Narendra Modi-led government with doing “nothing” to prevent Chinese incursion into Indian territory.
“He (Narendra Modi) had said during Lok Sabha elections that Indian land under China’s control will be freed and lesson will be taught to Pakistan.
“During the recent visit of China’s President Xi Jinping to India, Chinese army entered into Indian territory. We want to know where is the 56-inch chest now. What happened today when Chinese army is entering our territory. Nothing is happening,” Kumar said.
He was addressing ‘Samman’ rally organised by INLD to mark the 100th birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Devi Lal here.
“They (BJP) talk of development while sitting in Delhi, but at lower level, they try to divide people,” Kumar alleged.
He said BJP leaders have become “arrogant” as their senior leaders like L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi have not been given “respectable” place in the party.
“After winning (Lok Sabha) polls, BJP leaders have become arrogant. They do not have respect for their old and senior leaders like L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi. What kind of tradition they are following,” he said.
Former chief minister of Haryana and INLD chief Om Parkash Chautala, Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal and former prime minister H D Deve Gowda were also present at the rally.
Kumar said within a short span of time after coming to power at the Centre, BJP has faced “humiliating” defeats in by-polls of Gujarat, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh.
“They should know that people do not want divisive politics,” the former Bihar Chief Minister said.
Kumar asked like-minded political outfits to unite and bring positive change in the country’s political landscape.
“In the new political situation, there is a big challenge. The kind of political atmosphere we are having, we should unite and everybody should come together,” he said.
Kumar said seeing the “huge” gathering at the birth anniversary of Chaudhary Devi Lal, it is now clear that people have made up their mind to support his party to help it form the next government in Haryana.
Kumar said he was confident that Chautala would come out of all “problems” he was facing and the state would get an able leadership.
Speaking at the event, Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal urged people to vote for INLD candidates to help the party form government in Haryana, even as SAD supports BJP in Punjab.
“We have very old relations with the family of Chaudhary Devi Lal and INLD. I pray to the almighty that in forthcoming
Haryana assembly polls, INLD forms the government in the state,” Badal said.
SAD is an ally of INLD in Haryana and has nominated two candidates from Kalianwali and Ambala City seats for the
October 15 polls.

Grand old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance ends as seat sharing talks for Maharashtra polls fail5
0
Mumbai: One of the oldest political alliances in India is over with the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena deciding to fight the Maharashtra Assembly elections alone.
Announcing the decision at a press conference, BJP leader Eknath Khadse said that they made all efforts possible to maintain the alliance but the options that were offered by Shiv Sena were not acceptable to them.
He also said that the two parties were locked in a deadlock over the number of seats adding that the Shiv sena focussed only on numbers rather than focussing on the state's welfare. "They were adamant on their proposal. We conveyed it to the Shiv Sena that bringing down the Congress-NCP alliance is the priority but they were more interested in the Chief Minister's post," Khadse said.
BJP leader Eknath Khadse said that they made all efforts to continue the alliance but the options offered by Shiv Sena were not acceptable to them.
#bjp #eknath khadse #shiv sena #uddhav thackeray
The 25-year-old alliance which had swept Maharashtra in the recent Lok Sabha elections winning 41 out of the 48 seats came to an end after several days of intense wrangling over seat sharing for the Assembly elections scheduled for October 15.
After days of meetings and talks over seat sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections, the grand old Mahayuti is now over. The decision to split the alliance came after BJP President Amit Shah cancelled his Mumbai visit yet again on Thursday even as a late night meeting between the BJP and Shiv Sena failed to reach any solution.
The Shiv Sena had in fact reached out to the BJP one last time on Thursday to try and settle the tussle. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray had spoken to BJP President Amit Shah as Shah cancelled his Mumbai visit.
Thackeray told Shah not to set very high goals and also asked him not to stretch the issue any further. Uddhav Thackeray also spoke to BJP's Maharashtra in-charge Om Mathur and asked for an announcement to be made as soon as possible.
The Shiv Sena had demanded 151 seats for itself, leaving 127 for the BJP. Thirteen seats had been offered to the smaller parties. The Sena had proposed this new formula at the talks that were held late on Wednesday night.
The smaller parties in the Mahayuti had issued an ultimatum of Thursday, 11 am to resolve the seat sharing issue. They were unhappy with the proposal of giving only seven seats to the smaller parties.
The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana had rejected the Sena's offer of seven seats to them and had threatened to release their list of candidates. They were demanding 18 seats.
Earlier, the Sena had proposed 151 seats for itself and 130 for the BJP.
Here is a look back at where the Mahayuti began:
- In 1989, the two parties formed an alliance after talks between late Bal Thackeray and late Pramod Mahajan.
- In 1995, the Sena-BJP alliance won the Assembly elections and formed the government.
- In 1999, Sena-BJP lost power to the Congress-NCP combine, but decided to stay together.
- In 2006, Bal Thackeray's newphew Raj formed the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena.
- In the 2009 Assembly elections, the BJP contested 119 seats and Shiv Sena 169.
- In 2012, the BJP tried to warm up to MNS.
- In 2014, the BJP-Sena alliance won 41 seats out of total 48 in the Lok Sabha elections.
7

NHRC directs Haryana government to pay Rs 3 lakh to family of two youngstersSep 25, 2014 at 07:01pm IST
NHRC directs Haryana government to pay Rs 3 lakh to family of two youngsters
4
0
New Delhi: The National Human Rights Commission on Thursday asked Haryana Government to pay Rs three lakh as monetary relief to the next of family of two youngsters who were killed in a road accident last year. "The commission has recommended to the government of Haryana, through its Chief Secretary to pay Rs three lakh as monetary relief to the next of family of deceased, Arvind (21) and Gaurav (20), who died when their motorcycle fell down from a broken bridge into a drain on March 16 last year," the NHRC said a statement.
Both the youngsters were students of Engineering College at Aurangabad in Haryana's Palwal district. The direction of NHRC came after it did not receive any reply to the final reminder on its show cause notice as to why Rs three lakh as monetary relief should not be paid to the next of family of the two deceased, who became victims of carelessness of the state authorities.
In response to the Commission's notice, Haryana Police had said the department has no provision to pay monetary relief of Rs three lakh to the next of family of the deceased. The PWD, in its reply, had said the case was related to construction of a new culvert in Palwal district by Irrigation Department and the Engineer-in-Chief of the Department had already been requested to prepare a reply to the notice.
Both the youngsters were students of Engineering College at Aurangabad in Haryana's Palwal district.
#haryana #haryana government #nhrc #haryana police
The Commission thus observed that accident had occurred due to the negligence of the state authorities who did not repair the broken bridge. It also observed that subsequent to its notices, police had taken action only against the contractor, who was arrested under Section 279/304A, IPC and not against the concerned Engineer, who was also responsible for the same and hence, the state had to bear the liability.
3

Tribe comes out against teacher tenure protectionsBy Jonathan H. Adler September 25
The California trial court decision invalidating teacher tenure in public schools did not impress my co-bloggers.   Orin Kerr and Will Baude had serious misgivings and Sasha Volokh , while sympathetic on policy grounds, found the court’s opinion inadequate.
In USA Today, Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe  explains why he is supporting the litigation and believes other progressives should too.
My support for curtailing teacher tenure and last-in, first-out layoff rules when they put the needs of adults before children is not a departure from my progressive roots. Rather, it is a natural and common-sense outgrowth. . . .
the right to unionize must never become a right to relegate children to permanent second-class citizenship. The  outdated California laws  the court struck down make no sense for the teachers they were intended to protect, or for the students whose learning is the very reason for the education system’s existence.
California is one of only five states that require  two or fewer years of experience  before teachers become eligible for tenure. Granting tenure to teachers so soon after hiring that they have  not yet even been credentialed  as competent to teach shortchanges teachers who need additional training, and it all but guarantees that whole classes of children will receive a subpar education.
While Tribe’s op-ed explains his policy support for challenging teacher tenure protections in California, it is relatively short on legal analysis.  Tribe explains that the trial court compiled a disturbing record demonstrating that the state’s teacher tenure and dismissal rules come at the expense of students, but doesn’t really explain why this amounts to a constitutional violation beyond noting that “the  California Constitution provides powerful protection  for the educational interests of students.” This is totally understandable; there’s only so much space in an op-ed.  I would nonetheless be curious why Tribe thinks this litigation makes for good law, and not just good policy.
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Wall St. opens lower after durables  claims dataWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Vedanta s Anil Agarwal rings opening bell at LSESep 25, 2014, 07.21 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Vedanta's Anil Agarwal rings opening bell at LSE
In an interview with CNBC-TV18's Sanjay Suri, Agarwal shares his asked him about views on the Supreme Court's coal de-allocation verdict and plans for Hindustan Zinc and Balco.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vedanta's Anil Agarwal rings opening bell at LSE
In an interview with CNBC-TV18's Sanjay Suri, Agarwal shares his asked him about views on the Supreme Court's coal de-allocation verdict and plans for Hindustan Zinc and Balco.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
Vedanta Plc today marked its tenth anniversary of listing on the London Stock Exchange. Company Chairman Anil Agarwal was present at the exchange and rang the opening bell that marks the start of the trading session.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18's Sanjay Suri, Agarwal shares his asked him about views on the Supreme Court's coal de-allocation verdict and plans for Hindustan Zinc  and Balco.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: There has been a judgement from the Supreme Court on the coal blocks, is that going to affect you?
A: We should talk about business, this comes and goes. India has a tremendous opportunity for natural resource. We import almost USD 600 billion worth of oil and gas, gold, coal. We have all the potential, we are the only company in India and I wish many more companies to come and explore and take India and eradicate our poverty and create tremendous jobs with the new government.
Q: Are you planning to up the offer on HZL and Balco?
A: It is going on, it is up and down. Aluminium is a tremendous future for the country. China produces 25 million tonne of aluminium, we only produce 2 million tonne. There is tremendous scope because this can definitely create a tremendous job for at least crore of people. More people can get jobs, new entrepreneurship can come, new factories can open to process this aluminium, that's how I am looking at it.
Hind Zinc stock price
On November 21, 2014, Hindustan Zinc closed at Rs 164.05, up Rs 1.55, or 0.95 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 184.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 114.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 17.53 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 9.36. The latest book value of the company is Rs 88.56 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.85.
RELATED NEWS

Valuations in Indian e-Commerce space tad frothy: Info Edge09:00 pm
The Indian e-commerce space has a lot of foreign investors sitting up and licking their lips. That's the word from Sanjeev Bikhchandani, the founder and executive vice chairman of Info Edge , which owns companies like Zomato and Naukri.com. In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan he says that valuations in the Indian e-commerce space are a tad frothy. He expects companies in this space to grow into valuations set by the likes of Alibaba and one could see Indian e-commerce companies getting listing overseas in the next two years.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sanjeev Bikhchandani's interview with CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan.
Q: What is your take on valuations of Indian e-commerce space?
A: Valuations are a little frothy, but having said that there is real business happening, user base is 250 million, sales are happening. So, I think people will go into these valuations. Even if they correct a bit it is alright they will come back as the growth happens. One thing that has happened after Alibaba went public is Flipkart looks reasonable.
Q: What about more Indian internet IPOs not in the Indian markets but overseas listings, do you see that happening now?
A: I don’t think the Indian markets will take a loss making company public, but I do believe with the government providing a window for allowing companies from India to list overseas before they list in India. You might see in the next couple of years a few IPOs from India.
Q: You have been in touch with foreign investors as part of your QIP road shows as well. Are they disappointed with the fact that this government has still not made up its mind on what it intends to do as far as FDI into e-commerce is concerned?
A: That is one part of it, but overall investors are very happy but they want to be happier so they want big reforms now coming in in the next three-four months.
Info Edge stock price
On November 21, 2014, Info Edge India closed at Rs 959.10, up Rs 31.50, or 3.40 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1014.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 420.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 11.55 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 83.04. The latest book value of the company is Rs 64.32 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 14.91.
RELATED NEWS

Monsoon rains 9% below average in past weekSep 25, 2014, 07.27 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Monsoon rains 9% below average in past week
A week earlier, rainfalls were 25 percent below average, ahead of this year's delayed retreat from the June-September monsoon season.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Monsoon rains 9% below average in past week
A week earlier, rainfalls were 25 percent below average, ahead of this year's delayed retreat from the June-September monsoon season.
Post your opinion here
 
Monsoon rains were 9 percent below average in the week ending September 24, the weather office said on Thursday, as the summer rains started withdrawing from the grain bowl belt of the country's northwest.
A week earlier, rainfalls were 25 percent below average, ahead of this year's delayed retreat from the June-September monsoon season.
On Tuesday, the monsoon season started withdrawing from the western region, marking the start of the retreat after a fortnight's delay.
RELATED NEWS

India Releases First Image of Crater-Scarred MarsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Xi Jinpings calls for ethnic tolerance dont match his governments actionsChina's Transition
September 25, 2014
At a gathering yesterday to celebrate Confucius’s 2,565th birthday, the president of China gave a speech that called for tolerance, the celebration of differences, and  respect for all cultures : “Don’t feel displeased or try to transform, assimilate, or even replace other civilizations when they are different from your own,” Xi Jinping said.
It was a jarring soundbite in a week when China also sentenced the moderate Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti to life in prison. As Quartz has reported , Tohti’s sentence was the toughest meted out to any dissident in China in recent memory—not for a violent crime but for setting up a website devoted to cultural dialog and understanding between China’s Muslim ethnic minorities and the majority Han Chinese.
In fact, China’s domestic policy towards ethnic minorities like the Uighurs stands in stark contrast to Xi Jinping’s speech. In Xinjiang, for instance, the government bans officials and students from  observing religious fasting  during Ramadan, and in at least one city locals sporting beards or Muslim headscarves were barred from buses .
Beijing also recently started paying newly married couples if one member is Han and the other is an ethnic minority. The New York Times reported that officials are offering payments of 10,000 yuan ($1,600) a year, and also give mixed couples priority for housing, government jobs, schooling, and other benefits. It is a policy that seems designed with assimilation in mind.
Many government critics, Tohti among them, have argued that such policies will turn moderate members of ethnic minorities against the state  (paywall). A steady uptick of violence in China’s western regions—including attacks on police stations and government buildings in Xinjiang this weekend that killed a dozen people and injured about 100—suggest that Xi’s hardline policies are radicalizing the Uighurs, not pacifying them.
Xi perhaps implicitly acknowledged the likelihood of further strife in his speech on Confucious’s birthday, saying: “History has repeatedly proved that any move that aims to resolve differences among civilizations is doomed to failure and wreck havoc on civilizations.”
Share this:

Iconic Hipster Beer Sold To Russiansreddit
Pabst Blue Ribbon is defecting to Russia.
The 170-year-old Milwaukee brewery known for its acronymic hipster beer announced on Thursday night that it was sold to Moscow-based Oasis Beverages, a six-year-old beer and soda firm that operates in Kazakhstan, Belarus and Ukraine.
“Pabst Blue Ribbon is the quintessential American brand -- it represents individualism, egalitarianism and freedom of expression -- all the things that make this country great,” Eugene Kashper, the chairman of Oasis, said in a statement . “The opportunity to work with the company’s treasure trove of iconic brands, some of which I started my career selling, is a dream come true.”
Besides its flagship lager, Pabst Brewing Company produces Colt 45, Rainier, Lone Star, Old Style, Schlitz and National Bohemian. The firm was previously owned by billionaire investor C. Dean Metropoulos and his two sons, Evan and Darren. After decades of decline, PBR, which often comes in a silver can, became hip under their stewardship, and sales soared. Americans drank more than 90 million gallons of the lager in 2013, a 200 percent increase from 2004.
Kashper will serve as chief executive of the brewery, which will remain headquartered in Los Angeles. Oasis -- which imports such beers as Heineken and Chimay to Russia and Ukraine -- currently owns six beers in Russia and its bordering countries. It also produces apple juice, a non-alcoholic malt drink and a canned energy drink.
The terms of the deal were not disclosed, but the New York Times reported the price at more than $700 million in cash. TSG Consumer Partners, the private equity firm backing the deal, will take a minority stake in the company.
Pabst did not immediately respond to a request from The Huffington Post for comment.
The sale marks yet another American brewery changing hands to a foreign owner.
Anheuser-Busch, the beer behemoth behind such brands as Budweiser, Corona, Stella Artois, Hoegaarden and Leffe, is wholly owned by the Brazilian-Belgium conglomerate AB InBev. Coors, once an American company, merged with Canada’s Molson in 2005 to form Molson Coors Brewing Company. In 2002, London-based SABMiller plc was formed when South African Breweries bought Miller Brewing.
While U.S.-based microbreweries comprised $14.3 billion last year in sales, large corporations such as AB InBev have been aggressively buying up small craft beer companies over the last year.
More:

Open Sesame! Alibaba Makes Monster Trading Debutopen sesame! alibaba makes monster trading debut
Company You ve Never Heard Of Is Now Bigger Than FacebookThe stock briefly shot to $99 a share, which made it BIGGER THAN FREAKING WALMART:
How high BABA got pic.twitter.com/PCMBLFeVGM
— zerohedge (@zerohedge) September 19, 2014
The stock ended trading at $93.89 a share, a 38 percent gain, giving it a valuation of $231.4 billion, leaving it just below Chevron and just above Procter & Gamble in terms of market value. Facebook was worth a mere $202 billion.
Alibaba founder Jack Ma, meanwhile, ended the day with a stake in the company worth about $18 billion , making him easily the richest man in China . That's not to mention the $867 million he made selling shares in the IPO.
Unless you happen to own stock in Alibaba -- and please consult this helpful flowchart before you buy any -- this story will have no meaningful impact on your life. That is, not until Alibaba, which is sort of like Amazon.com except with 40 other companies bolted-on, fully takes over the Internet.
More:

How To Tell If You Should Buy Alibaba Stock  In 1 Simple FlowchartHow To Tell If You Should Buy Alibaba Stock, In 1 Simple Flowchart
Posted:
reddit
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba just went public ! Should you, a regular person, buy Alibaba stock?
It may seem tempting, what with the stock jumping 35 percent from its $68 initial public offering price on its first day of trading on Friday, making it more valuable than Facebook . But before you jump in and buy Alibaba stock, you might want to consult this helpful flowchart:
-- Flowchart by Alissa Scheller
(Hat tip to Felix Salmon for the single-stock investing as golf metaphor.)
More:

Walmart May Be Breaking The Law By Encouraging Political DonationsWalmart's Plan To Encourage Political Donations Violates Election Law, Groups Claim
Posted:
Updated:
09/22/2014  8:59 am EDT
President Barack Obama speaks at a Walmart store in Mountain View, Calif., on May 9.  (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) | AP
reddit
Walmart is violating campaign finance law by encouraging workers to donate to a PAC backing the company's favorite political candidates, according to a complaint filed with the Federal Election Commission on Monday.
The company entices managers, executives, professional workers and shareholders to give to its political action committee by promising to donate twice as much money to a company-run charity for Walmart employees as its workers give to the PAC.
This policy violates an FEC rule against companies making campaign donations directly to candidates, parties and political committees, according to the complaint. It was filed by Public Citizen, a consumer-rights group; Common Cause, a lobbying group focused on government accountability; and OUR Walmart, a labor group advocating for Walmart workers. They allege Walmart is trying to get around the law by using company money to "unduly" encourage workers to donate to its PAC.
Though Walmart employees are not required to donate to Walmart's PAC, the company's policy "flies in the face" of the law that requires donations to be voluntary because there's such a large incentive, said Craig Holman, government affairs lobbyist for Public Citizen, who authored the complaint. He added that because the matching funds go to a charity run by Walmart, "this is actually very directly, very self-serving for the Walmart corporation."
Walmart representatives disagree.
"We are confident that our matching program is lawful, and that the FEC will find this complaint brought by groups not affiliated with Walmart lacks merit," Brooke Buchanan, a Walmart spokeswoman, told The Huffington Post before reviewing the complaint.
Walmart’s PAC, called Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Political Action Committee for Responsible Government, has raised $2.6 million during the 2014 election cycle, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics. The PAC’s donations are split about evenly, with 49 percent going to Democrats and 51 percent going to Republicans, the data show. Companies and their PACs are allowed to solicit donations from salaried employees with decision-making powers, along with shareholders and the families of those groups.
Corporate PACs are financially separate entities from their affiliated companies. Still, PACs typically fund candidates and legislation that’s in the best interest of a company.
Activist groups have accused Walmart’s PAC of favoring candidates that voted against minimum-wage increases. At the same time the company is incentivizing managers to give to this PAC by donating money to its own organization for workers in need, Walmart is facing calls from workers and labor groups to raise pay.
Other companies offer to match employee donations to their PACs with donations to charities. Bloomberg News reported last year that Hewlett-Packard, Coca-Cola and others have this kind of program. The practice became popular in the 1980s , and the FEC has since approved various charitable matching programs presented to it -- though not without controversy.
Often the cases are approved by a slim margin , and in some situations the elections commissioners have deadlocked. In the past, some commissioners have argued that any charitable match is really just the company subsidizing a donation to its own PAC.
Walmart’s program is particularly controversial for two reasons, according to Holman. For one, it offers a 2-for-1 match instead of a 1-for-1 match. In one case where the FEC considered a 2-for-1 match, three commissioners dissented, arguing that such a large match would "skew the incentives" and "undercut the voluntariness" of the donations, according to Bloomberg . Also, Walmart doesn't give workers a choice of charities for the company to send the matching funds.
“Walmart came up with the entirely new scheme,” said Holman, who has written several studies on campaign finance. “This type of matching fund program goes way beyond anything the FEC has ever approved before.”
Walmart’s situation is indeed rare, but it’s not clear it’s illegal. Some campaign finance lawyers have been advising their corporate clients that offering a 2-to-1 match is probably okay, said Larry Noble, former general counsel at the FEC. But he said the “twist” in Walmart’s case is that the donations flow to a company-run charity. Companies typically let workers pick where the matching funds will go from a slate of outside charities.
“What it does is take away a lot of the merit to the charitable match -- to the extent that there is merit -- which is that you’re helping outside charities,” said Noble, now of-counsel to the Campaign Legal Center, a nonprofit focused on campaign finance. “(The Walmart charity) being the only choice really makes it a question of whether it’s to the benefit of the employee or the benefit of the company.”
If the FEC believes a complaint has merit, it typically asks the subject to respond before launching an investigation.
Though the FEC commissioners probably didn't envision a setup like Walmart's when they first approved charitable matching donations, that doesn't mean it's illegal, according to Jessica Levinson, a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, who studies election law.
"Does the ratio raise some eyebrows? Yes. Does this directly fly in the face of the statute? I don't think so," Levinson said. "Welcome to the world of campaign-finance laws, where no one knows what loopholes will be used."
Also on HuffPost:

Most Americans Admit They Don t Tip Hotel HousekeepersMost Americans Admit They Don't Tip Hotel Housekeepers
Posted:
reddit
A lot of Americans don't tip hotel housekeeping staff, and many have no idea that they should, a new HuffPost/YouGov poll shows.
The survey was conducted after Marriott announced it would be participating in a campaign to leave envelopes in hotel rooms encouraging patrons to leave tips for the staff members who clean their rooms. The move angered many Marriott customers, who flooded the company's official Facebook page with comments accusing the company of being cheap and shifting the burden of paying employees onto customers.
According to the new poll, only 46 percent of Americans say they usually tip hotel housekeepers. Another 23 percent said they've never been in the situation to do so.
On one hand, the 46 percent who say they tip housekeepers is more than those who say they don't tip housekeepers (32 percent). On the other hand, it's far fewer than say they tip many other types of workers, including waiters (95 percent), hairstylists or barbers (81 percent), bellhops (56 percent) and taxi drivers (53 percent). Forty-eight percent said they typically tip parking attendants. The 32 percent of people who said they don't usually tip hotel housekeeping staff was double the percentage of people who don't tip other types of worker.
Unlike some of those types of employees, hotel housekeepers make at least the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, compared to only $2.13 an hour for employees classified as tipped employees under federal minimum wage law, such as  waiters and waitresses.
But payroll data maintained by salary research site PayScale indicates that Marriott housekeepers are among the lowest-paid workers at the company.
The Emily Post Institute recommends tipping housekeeping staff $2-5 a day. Many Americans don't realize that, though. The 32 percent who said they don't usually tip housekeeping staff includes 20 percent who said they didn't think they were expected to tip. Another 3 percent said they don't think housekeeping staff deserve tips, 2 percent said they are opposed to tipping in general and 1 percent said they just forget to do it. Another 4 percent cited other reasons.
The HuffPost/YouGov poll was conducted Sept. 17-18 among 1,000 U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population. Factors considered include age, race, gender, education, employment, income, marital status, number of children, voter registration, time and location of Internet access, interest in politics, religion and church attendance.
The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. Data from all HuffPost/YouGov polls can be found here .
More:

Krugman: Why Conservatives Hate The Unemployedkrugman: why conservatives hate the unemployed
World s Second-Largest Supermarket Chain Admits To Cooking The BooksTesco Suspends Execs Over Alleged Book-Cooking
 | By                                                                DANICA KIRKA
Updated:
11/22/2014  5:59 am EST
A customer leaves a Tesco Metro supermarket store, operated by Tesco Plc, in London, U.K., on Friday, Aug. 29, 2014. Tesco Plc unexpectedly slashed its dividend and reduced investment as the largest U.K. retailer was squeezed between German discount chains and upscale stores such as Waitrose, driving the stock to the lowest in almost 11 years. Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
LONDON (AP) — Tesco, the world's second-largest supermarket chain after Walmart, has suspended four executives and launched an accounting investigation after admitting that its half-year profit was overstated by 250 million pounds ($407 million).
The scandal deepens the financial woes for the British company, which on Monday had to issue its third profit warning in two years as it struggles to compete with low-cost rivals. The announcements shocked investors, with shares plunging 11.6 percent to 203 pence at market close Monday. The problems have driven the company's stock down 46 percent in the past year.
The investigation, prompted by information from a whistleblower, comes less than a month after the new chief executive, Dave Lewis, was brought in to turn around the company's business.
"We have uncovered a serious issue and have responded accordingly," Lewis said in a statement.
Lewis took over from Philip Clarke after the company issued a profit warning at the end of August. At the time, Tesco said it expected to report "trading profit" of about 1.1 billion pounds for the six months ended Aug. 23. The retailer now plans to release its earnings for the period on Oct. 23, three weeks later than previously scheduled.
Tesco has long dominated the supermarket industry in Britain, but has recently been squeezed by aggressive cost-cutting competitors such as Lidl and Aldi.
The company, which last year was the world's second largest food retailer after Walmart when measured by revenue, said the overstatement of profits resulted from reporting commercial income too early and delays in booking some costs. The company asked audit firm Deloitte to begin an independent review, along with the group's external legal advisers.
Lewis stressed in an interview with the BBC that the decision to ask employees to stand aside was not an indication of guilt or that disciplinary action was warranted. He declined to speculate on what he might discover, but described it as a single incident.
"This is about getting to the bottom of a full and frank inquiry of what happened," he said.
The company does not have a chief financial officer at the moment. Alan Stewart begins work in December.
Shore Capital analyst Clive Black said the development is flabbergasting.
"Such an announcement is not the stuff of a well operated FTSE-100 organization."
Neil Saunders, managing director of retail consultancy Conlumino, said that while mistakes happen, it gives the impression of a company which is not fully in control of internal procedures.
"More significantly, it means that performance — which is already extremely weak — is actually much weaker than anticipated," he said. "This is something that will alarm investors and means that Tesco has much further to travel to recovery than first thought."
More:

Well-seasoned table style: Add a touch of MemphisWell-seasoned table style: Add a touch of Memphis
Alessi pepper mill
Alessi salt and pepper mills designed by renowned Italian designer and architect Ettore Sottsass.
Alessi salt and pepper mills designed by renowned Italian designer and architect Ettore Sottsass. (Alessi)
By Laura Pearson, Tribune Newspapers
Alessi pepper mill, designed by Memphis mastermind Ettore Sottsass, adds spice to any table setting.
Alessi's red, black and yellow MP0210 pepper mill in stained beechwood is not your average kitchen gadget. Created by renowned Italian architect and designer Ettore Sottsass, and grounded in the colorful, loopy Memphis style of the 1980s and early '90s, it's both table accessory and art piece.
Design trends have started their turn toward '80s postmodernism — and Memphis pieces are gaining attention from designers and at auction houses. Which is why adding a Sottsass metal basket or that bright pepper mill seems right, and right now.

Starbucks Tests Coffee That Tastes Like a GuinnessEmail
Stephen Chernin / Getty Images
A Starbucks Coffee barrista readies a beverage for a customer in the new 42nd Street store August 5, 2003, in New York City.
You might not be able to get away with "beer for breakfast" but if Starbucks tests go right, you could get the flavor of a Guinness in your morning joe.
A few Starbucks stores in Ohio and Florida are testing a "dark barrel latte," a Starbucks spokesperson said Monday. The coffee features a chocolaty stout-flavored sauce and is topped with whipped cream and a dark caramel drizzle.
Marketing materials for Starbucks said it was "inspired by the rise of craft beers."
According to some online reviewers who say they've sipped a sample, it tastes similar to a Guinness, for better or for worse.
The chain is known for its flavored lattes. For instance, Starbucks has sold over 200 million "pumpkin spice" lattes, a seasonal offering, since 2003. In select regional markets in the past Starbucks has tried out flavors like "Chestnut Praline Latte" or "Cherries Jubilee Mocha."
Starbucks said it's looking forward to learning more from the test but had no information on when the malty beverages might be available. As the slogan goes, "Good things come to those who wait."
Tags:

How David Bowie Turned Identity Into An ArtDavid Bowie Exhibition Details How An Artist Became An Icon
Posted:
reddit
There’s never been an artist quite like David Bowie, so it’s only fitting that a major exhibition chronicling the legend’s work is as diverse, expansive and exciting as his career over the past half century.
“ David Bowie Is ,” opening Tuesday at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago, contains more than 300 artifacts selected from an incredible 75,000 items Bowie had archived over the years. With a location-based headset, viewers can hear corresponding interviews, commentary and -- of course -- music as they move through the show, thanks to technology provided by exhibit sponsor Sennheiser.
Along with the immersive audio, the exhibit packs in more than 50 of Bowie’s costumes from personas like Ziggy Stardust, Aladdin Sane and Thin White Duke, multiple hand-drawn storyboards for his stage shows and music videos, and contextual media like World War II news clippings, the famous 1972 “Blue Marble” photograph of Earth from space, and posters from the film “A Clockwork Orange,” all of which inspired Bowie’s creative process.
“The show is so much about process... it’s about how you make things,” MCA Chief Curator Michael Darling said during a Friday preview of the exhibition. “You can consistently see how [Bowie] was reinventing himself over and over.”
The MCA’s show is the only U.S. stop on the exhibition’s international tour. Below, a preview of the show:
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
Artifacts from David Bowie's early years on display, including a replica of the plastic Grafton alto saxophone his mother gave him for Christmas in 1961. Geoffrey Marsh, co-curator of "David Bowie Is" at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, said the actual saxophone was the only item they requested from Bowie's massive archive that they were not given, due to its fragility.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
More early artifacts -- from before Bowie became Bowie -- include a pencil sketch Bowie did of his mother (right) and an early school photo (center).
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
Neon sign in the MCA Chicago's fourth floor, introducing "David Bowie Is..."
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
Bowie paid close attention to his on-stage wardrobe from the very start of his musical career, playing in bands including the Kon-rads (which he formed at the age of 15 in 1962), the King Bees and the Riot Squad.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
A photo of a young Bowie (center) accompanies some of the artist's earliest releases as Bowie, after he changed his name to distinguish himself from the Monkees' Davy Jones in 1965. At right, his self-titled debut album, released in 1967.
YouTube
Bowie's meeting of dancer and mime artist Lindsey Kemp in 1967 proved instrumental for his career's theatrical, often character-driven trajectory. He took classes from Kemp and created mime performance pieces, including " The Mask ," which is featured in the exhibition.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
Bowie's first commercial hit, "Space Oddity," was released in 1969. Bowie was reportedly inspired by the feelings of isolation in the Stanley Kubrick film "2001: A Space Odyssey."
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
A "Hunky Dory" promotion photo from 1971 where Bowie was styled to look like the early 20th century British occultist, poet and painter Aleister Crowley.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
Bowie's performance of "Starman" on BBC One's Top of the Pops  in 1972 cemented his new Ziggy Stardust persona. The iconic jumpsuit, designed by Freddie Burretti, he wore for that performance is on display. Another Kubrick film, "A Clockwork Orange," inspired this look.
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
The green and white suit Bowie wore on the cover of "The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust" (which was later tinted turquoise for the cover art).
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
A promotional poster showing a cartoon Bowie as Ziggy Stardust.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
The slender blue suit worn for Bowie's "Life on Mars?" 1972 video. Bowie reportedly had a 26-inch waist at the time.
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
Bowie wore his famous leotard-style "Woodland Creatures" garment for a show at London's Rainbow Theatre in 1972.
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
Handwritten lyrics to "Ziggy Stardust" in 1972.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
After Ziggy came the "Aladdin Sane" album (1973) and tour. This cloak covered in kanji characters was worn on the tour.
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
"Tokyo Pop" vinyl bodysuit from 1973 that Japanese designer Kansai Yamamoto created for Bowie.
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
A costume, designed by Kensai Yamamoto, from Bowie's Aladdin Sane era.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
A cobweb costume designed by Natasha Korniloff that Bowie wore for a television appearance in 1973. The show's producers reportedly ordered a third fake hand over Bowie's crotch be removed from the design prior to the show's airing.
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
Bowie's notes for his makeup during the "Diamond Dogs" era.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
Handwritten lyrics to "Rebel Rebel," the first single off "Diamond Dogs."
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
After Bowie moved to the U.S. in 1974, living for a time in New York City, came "Diamond Dogs," an album inspired by George Orwell's "1984" and ideas of a musical based in a post-apocalyptic city. A set model for the "Diamond Dogs" tour.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
Bowie's "black-and-white" era --corresponding with the release of the "Station to Station" album (1976) -- is depicted with a range of variations on the black and white suit.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
In 1976, Bowie starred in his first feature film, "The Man Who Fell to Earth." At right, a manipulated film still.
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
The clown costume from Bowie's "Ashes to Ashes."
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
Bowie created these paintings after he moved to West Berlin in the late '70s.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
At left, handwritten lyrics to "Fashion," the second single off 1980's "Scary Monsters (and Super Creeps)."
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
Bowie starred in "The Elephant Man" in Chicago and later on Broadway in 1980.
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
In 1986, Bowie's film work continued with another high-profile role as Jareth the Goblin King in Jim Henson's "Labyrinth." Here is the crystal ball that belonged to Jareth.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
Alexander McQueen's Union Jack coat creation for Bowie (right). The coat was worn on the cover of Bowie's 1997 "Earthlings" album.
Joseph Erbentraut/The Huffington Post
The capstone of the show is the final room, which features an immersive array of live Bowie performances spanning 1973 to 2004, and an impressive display of more of the artist's iconic fashions.
Kim Bellware/The Huffington Post
A retrospective of Bowie's album covers through the years.
"David Bowie Is" will be on view at Chicago's Museum of Contemporary Art from September 23, 2014 to January 4, 2015.
Also on HuffPost:

Alibaba  Flipkart Next generation of  Bazaars : Rehan Yar KhanYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Alibaba, Flipkart Next generation of 'Bazaars': Rehan Yar Khan
Published On:                  September 23, 2014                 | Duration: 22 min, 34 sec

We Want to End Gender Inequality - And to Do That We Need Everyone to Be Involvedreddit
This blog is an unedited version of the speech delivered by British Actor and UN Women Global Goodwill Ambassador, Emma Watson at the launch of the UN Women's HeForShe Campaign on Saturday 20 September 2014, at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City
Today we are launching a campaign called HeForShe.
I am reaching out to you because I need your help. We want to end gender inequality - and to do that we need everyone to be involved.
This is the first campaign of its kind at the UN: we want to try and galvanise as many men and boys as possible to be advocates for gender equality. And we don't just want to talk about it, but make sure it is tangible.
I was appointed six months ago and the more I have spoken about feminism the more I have realised that fighting for women's rights has too often become synonymous with man-hating. If there is one thing I know for certain, it is that this has to stop.
For the record, feminism by definition is: "The belief that men and women should have equal rights and opportunities. It is the theory of the political, economic and social equality of the sexes."
I started questioning gender-based assumptions when at eight I was confused at being called "bossy," because I wanted to direct the plays we would put on for our parents - but the boys were not.
When at 14 I started being sexualised by certain elements of the press.
When at 15 my girlfriends started dropping out of their sports teams because they didn't want to appear "muscly."
When at 18 my male friends were unable to express their feelings.
I decided I was a feminist and this seemed uncomplicated to me. But my recent research has shown me that feminism has become an unpopular word.
Apparently I am among the ranks of women whose expressions are seen as too strong, too aggressive, isolating, anti-men and, unattractive.
Why is the word such an uncomfortable one?
I am from Britain and think it is right that as a woman I am paid the same as my male counterparts. I think it is right that I should be able to make decisions about my own body. I think it is right that women be involved on my behalf in the policies and decision-making of my country. I think it is right that socially I am afforded the same respect as men. But sadly I can say that there is no one country in the world where all women can expect to receive these rights.
No country in the world can yet say they have achieved gender equality.
These rights I consider to be human rights but I am one of the lucky ones. My life is a sheer privilege because my parents didn't love me less because I was born a daughter. My school did not limit me because I was a girl. My mentors didn't assume I would go less far because I might give birth to a child one day. These influencers were the gender equality ambassadors that made who I am today. They may not know it, but they are the inadvertent feminists who are. And we need more of those.  And if you still hate the word - it is not the word that is important but the idea and the ambition behind it. Because not all women have been afforded the same rights that I have. In fact, statistically, very few have been.
In 1997, Hilary Clinton made a famous speech in Beijing about women's rights. Sadly many of the things she wanted to change are still a reality today.
But what stood out for me the most was that only 30 per cent of her audience were male. How can we affect change in the world when only half of it is invited or feel welcome to participate in the conversation?
Men - I would like to take this opportunity to extend your formal invitation. Gender equality is your issue too.
Because to date, I've seen my father's role as a parent being valued less by society despite my needing his presence as a child as much as my mother's.
I've seen young men suffering from mental illness unable to ask for help for fear it would make them look less "macho" - in fact in the UK suicide is the biggest killer of men between 20-49; eclipsing road accidents, cancer and coronary heart disease. I've seen men made fragile and insecure by a distorted sense of what constitutes male success. Men don't have the benefits of equality either.
We don't often talk about men being imprisoned by gender stereotypes but I can see that that they are and that when they are free, things will change for women as a natural consequence.
If men don't have to be aggressive in order to be accepted women won't feel compelled to be submissive. If men don't have to control, women won't have to be controlled.
Both men and women should feel free to be sensitive. Both men and women should feel free to be strong... It is time that we all perceive gender on a spectrum not as two opposing sets of ideals.
If we stop defining each other by what we are not and start defining ourselves by what we are -  can all be freer and this is what HeForShe is about. It's about freedom.
I want men to take up this mantle. So their daughters, sisters and mothers can be free from prejudice but also so that their sons have permission to be vulnerable and human too - reclaim those parts of themselves they abandoned and in doing so be a more true and complete version of themselves.
You might be thinking who is this Harry Potter girl? And what is she doing up on stage at the UN. It's a good question and trust me I have been asking myself the same thing. I don't know if I am qualified to be here. All I know is that I care about this problem. And I want to make it better.
And having seen what I've seen - and given the chance - I feel it is my duty to say something. English statesman Edmund Burke said: "All that is needed for the forces of evil to triumph is for enough good men and women to do nothing."
In my nervousness for this speech and in my moments of doubt I've told myself firmly - if not me, who, if not now, when. If you have similar doubts when opportunities are presented to you I hope those words might be helpful.
Because the reality is that if we do nothing it will take 75 years, or for me to be nearly a hundred before women can expect to be paid the same as men for the same work. 15.5million girls will be married in the next 16 years as children. And at current rates it won't be until 2086 before all rural African girls will be able to receive a secondary education.
If you believe in equality, you might be one of those inadvertent feminists I spoke of earlier.
And for this I applaud you.
We are struggling for a uniting word but the good news is we have a uniting movement. It is called HeForShe. I am inviting you to step forward, to be seen to speak up, To be the he for she. And to ask yourself if not me, who, if not now when.
Thank you.
For more information on the HeForShe campaign, visit the website here
Follow Emma Watson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EmWatson
More:

Gov. Brown: Take A Stand For Healthy Oceans  Consumer Protection  And Sustainable Seafoodreddit
We believe everyone has the right to know what they are eating.  We're particularly picky when it comes to fish.
Over the past few years, Oceana conducted DNA testing on seafood sold in grocery stores and restaurants around the country. Our results were shocking -- 33 percent of the seafood samples we tested were mislabeled, according to FDA guidelines. In other words, when consumers thought they were purchasing one species, they were really being sold another.  Called seafood fraud, this mislabeling was even more frequent in California, where more than half of the seafood tested in Los Angeles and Orange Counties was mislabeled.
Seafood mislabeling can take on many forms, from intentionally swapping one species for a completely different species to simply not disclosing what species of fish is being sold. This is unfortunate as the United States, and California in particular, offers a beautifully diverse bounty of seafood products in the marketplace -- a source of passion and inspiration for many chefs and restaurateurs and a treat for seafood lovers.  But consumers need to know that not all seafood is created equal and they have the right to know exactly what seafood species they are getting.
There are health concerns when seafood is mislabeled.  Some types of seafood, like tilefish, king mackerel, swordfish, and sharks, are not recommended for pregnant or nursing mothers because of the potential high levels of mercury. Escolar, a type of snake-mackerel, can cause gastrointestinal distress in some people, but it is frequently sold as "white tuna" at sushi restaurants. Sometimes, cheaper fish is substituted for a more premium one, such as summer flounder being sold as Pacific halibut. The uncertainty over what seafood exactly is on the plate erodes consumer confidence, which is unfortunate because people should eat more fish from sustainable sources.
More than 90 percent of the seafood we eat is imported, much of it from places in the world without the same environmental safeguards as in the U.S. This makes it hard for fishermen, suppliers, and retailers who want to provide sustainable seafood products to compete in the marketplace. For example, cheap, imported farmed salmon that degrades the ocean competes with well-managed, locally caught wild salmon. Some seafood is caught using gear that damages the seafloor or catches high numbers of un-intended species like threatened fish, sea turtles, sharks, and sea lions. Seafood caught this way still makes its way to the market and mislabeling makes it impossible to distinguish the damaging products from the responsible ones. Furthermore, by disguising illegally caught fish, seafood fraud also undermines efforts to reduce overfishing and protect wildlife.
Eating more seafood that is well-managed can actually help the ocean, by supporting fisheries for species that are at healthy levels where responsible fishermen are fishing sustainably. While it may seem counter-intuitive coming from an ocean conservation organization, we truly can save the oceans and feed the world by eating more of the right types of fish and fighting for better fishery management. But in order for all this to work, consumers need to be able to find out exactly what they are buying.
Californians are paying more attention to what seafood they eat. We want to make the right choices for ourselves, the environment, and the economy, and that requires honest and accurate labeling of seafood. With the right information, we are empowered to be part of the solution.
California State Senator Alex Padilla (D-Pacoima) authored Senate Bill 1138, which will make huge strides to solving seafood fraud by requiring retailers and wholesalers to label exactly what species of fish they are selling. This will give California the ability to enforce accurate labeling through DNA testing of seafood. The bill passed the California legislature with bipartisan support and is now on Governor Brown's desk awaiting his signature. SB 1138 provides flexibility and liability protections for businesses, and has garnered a wide body of support from the Monterey Bay Aquarium, to seafood restaurants and fish markets, to Los Angeles County, to some of the larger seafood companies in the state.
California has a track record of leading the nation in consumer protection and awareness. Providing accurate information about seafood will ultimately benefit consumers, fishermen, the ocean, and is good for business. We hope Governor Brown will take this golden opportunity to take a strong, reasonable step forward to restoring confidence in our seafood market by signing SB 1138 into law.
More:

Climate Change Is a Cause That Should Unite Us Allreddit
If ever there were a cause which should unite us all, old or young, rich or poor, climate change must be it.
On Sunday September 21, the world witnessed possibly the largest ever demonstration on climate change in history. Several members of the Elders stood in solidarity with demonstrators at a major march in New York City. Wherever you are, I hope you are making your voice heard.
The science is clear and tells us that human actions are the dominant cause of climate change in the modern era. However, human action can also reverse this trend. This is within our reach, but only if political and businesses leaders set aside their own narrow interests and show leadership that extends beyond the next electoral cycle or the next shareholder meeting.
Today, on September 23, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon hosts 120 world leaders in New York to prepare a global response to the worsening climate crisis. This summit is yet another milestone of a process that will last months, culminating in the landmark 2015 Climate Change Conference in Paris.
We have a duty to be exceptionally ambitious. As Elders, we have been in politics for some time. We know the importance of bold and visionary words from world leaders. The higher they set their sights, the better the agreement in 2015. We need leadership now, not tomorrow.
From Manhattan to the Maldives, no one escapes the impacts of climate change. After all, its consequences are felt across all societies as the European flood victims, the Philippine typhoon victims or those who bore the brunt of wildfires from California to Australia can attest to. Climate change, as I write this, is causing displacement, fuelling conflict and jeopardizes development across the world.
You could say that either these delegates in New York succeed, or we all fail. But that would be absolving the rest of us from our responsibilities. Let us send a clear and unequivocal signal that failure to act will have consequences at the ballot box for politicians and for the bottom line of businesses. If leaders are unwilling to lead when leadership is required, people must.
Kofi A. Annan is the founding chair of the Kofi Annan Foundation and also chairs The Elders and the Africa Progress Panel . Kofi Annan was the 7th Secretary-General of the United Nations. In 2001, he and the United Nations were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize for Peace.
This post is part of a month-long series produced by The Huffington Post in conjunction with a variety of events being held in September recognizing the threats posed by climate change. Those events include the UN's Climate Summit 2014 (that was held Sept. 23, 2014, at UN headquarters in New York) and Climate Week NYC (Sept. 22-28, 2014, throughout New York City). To see all the posts in the series, read here .
Follow Kofi Annan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KofiAnnan
More:

Here s How Americans Really Feel About Corporationsreddit
For most Americans, apparently, the first word that comes to mind when they hear the word “corporation" is "greed."
The word cloud below is part of a new study called the Corporate Perception Indicator , released Monday by CNBC and public relations firm Burson-Marsteller. The survey of 25,000 people around the world -- including 1,000 in the U.S. -- and 1,800 senior corporate executives found that corporate perception is, well, not that good.
American responses to the question, “what is the first thing that comes to mind when you think of corporations?”
To develop the word cloud, researchers asked participants, “What is the first thing that comes to mind when you think of corporations?” If you zoom in more closely, it becomes clear that the only positive or neutral words respondents in the U.S. can think of are “jobs,” “big,” “large,” “GM,” “Walmart,” "okay" and “profit.” Otherwise it’s largely a sea of negativity.
If you look closely you can see some neutral opinions on corporations.
There are a couple of reasons why it’s not too surprising Americans see corporations as greedy. For one, groups like Occupy Wall Street and the fast-food worker movement have targeted companies as a major source of our yawning income gap .
Another reason: Corporations have been kind of greedy over the past few decades . During that time, we’ve seen economic productivity soar, but most of the benefits have gone to CEOs, shareholders and corporate coffers instead of ordinary workers.
As seen in the chart below from the Economic Policy Institute, a think tank focused on labor issues, that wasn’t always the case.
More:

Amazon Resorts To Wordplay To Keep Salaries LowAmazon Resorts To Wordplay To Keep Salaries Low
Posted:
Updated:
09/23/2014  2:59 pm EDT
Amazon.com Inc. logos are displayed on laptop computers in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday, Oct. 23, 2013. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images  | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
Two thousand Amazon warehouse workers went on strike in Germany on Monday. As The New York Times explains , the German labor union Ver.di is trying to pressure Amazon into classifying its warehouse workers as retail employees. Doing so would force Amazon into a collective wage agreement on par with the rest of Germany's retail sector, instead of being able to set wages on its own.
Amazon, of course, is resisting the "retailer" label.
From the Times:
Amazon insists that its warehouses are logistics centers, ''not shops frequented by customers.'' Instead, most of its workers are involved in taking goods from shelves, packing and shipping them, and for their services, they receive wages at the upper end of the pay range for logistics workers, Amazon says.
That's funny. Because here in America, Amazon doesn't like to compare its warehouse wages to the logistics sector. In fact, the company prefers to compare them to... retail. At least, that's what it does when it's touting certain warehouse jobs , many of which are occupied by temp workers with little job security. As the company noted last year:
Median pay inside Amazon fulfillment centers is 30 percent higher than that of people who work in traditional retail stores -- and that doesn't even include the stock grants that full-time employees receive, which over the past five years have added an average of 9% to base pay annually.
If you're wondering why Amazon would like to think of its U.S. warehouse employees as nontraditional retail workers, the Bureau of Labor Statistics can explain. The average retail cashier in the U.S. earns $9.81 , while the average warehouse general laborer earns $14.25 . In other words, an Amazon warehouse temp who's earning crummy warehouse pay might be earning pretty good retail pay.
So, Amazon is a retailer where its wages compare favorably to retail. But it's a logistics company where its wages compare favorably to logistics -- or where having retail workers could compel it to the table with unions.
A representative for Amazon didn't respond to an email asking if the company was trying to have it both ways.
More:

One Way The U.S. Is Truly Exceptionalreddit
America may be exceptional in many ways, but it also tops the charts of a new, troubling ranking.
The U.S. has more low-paying jobs than any other country in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, an economic group of 34 developed countries, according to a research note released by Morgan Stanley on Monday.
Economists Ellen Zentner and Paula Campbell based their analysis on the OECD Economic Outlook Report , which documents employment and labor trends in each member nation.
The OECD defines "low-paying" as jobs that earn less than two-thirds of a country's median income. On average, around 16 percent of jobs in OECD countries are considered low-paying. In the U.S., over 25 percent of all jobs qualify as such.
See the chart below, from Morgan Stanley:
The ranking reflects America's problem with income equality. Even though the U.S. has one of the highest household median incomes in the world (about $44,000 compared to roughly $10,000 worldwide), there's a wide gulf between those making much more than the median income and those making much less.
According to the Morgan Stanley economists, income inequality is stifling U.S. economic growth because low-income Americans aren't able to spend enough to boost the greater economy. Wages will need to rise so that households can buy more things.
"Stronger growth in wages and salaries is essential," wrote Zentner and Campbell. "It would help households spend more broadly across the income spectrum."
The OECD recommends that all its members have a "sensible" minimum wage, increase progressive taxation and "scale up" in-work benefits to address income inequality.
More:

Leo Addresses UN:  You Can Make History... Or Be Vilified By Itreddit
Leonardo DiCaprio addressed world leaders assembled for the United Nations Climate Summit early Tuesday morning, urging them to take action to address "the greatest challenge of our existence on this planet."
"As an actor, I pretend for a living. I play fictitious characters often solving fictitious problems. I believe mankind has looked at climate change in that same way," he said at the summit. "My friends, this body -- perhaps more than any other gathering in human history -- now faces this, but achievable task. You can make history... or be vilified by it."
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon recently appointed DiCaprio to serve as a United Nations Messenger of Peace , calling the actor a “new voice for climate advocacy." Both Ban and DiCaprio participated in Sunday's 400,000-strong People's Climate March in New York City.
Take a look at DiCaprio's speech above. You can read a full transcription below.
Thank you, Mr. Secretary-General, your excellencies, ladies and gentleman, and distinguished guests. I’m honored to be here today, I stand before you not as an expert but as a concerned citizen, one of the 400,000 people who marched in the streets of New York on Sunday, and the billions of others around the world who want to solve our climate crisis.
As an actor I pretend for a living. I play fictitious characters often solving fictitious problems.
I believe mankind has looked at climate change in that same way: as if it were a fiction, as if pretending that climate change wasn’t real would somehow make it go away.
But I think we know better than that. Every week , we’re seeing new and undeniable climate events, evidence that accelerated climate change is here right now. Droughts are intensifying, our oceans are acidifying, with methane plumes rising up from the ocean floor. We are seeing extreme weather events, and the West Antarctic and Greenland ice-sheets melting at unprecedented rates, decades ahead of scientific projections.
None of this is rhetoric, and none of it is hysteria. It is fact. The scientific community knows it, industry knows it, governments know it, even the United States military knows it. The Chief of the U.S. Navy’s Pacific Command, Admiral Samuel Locklear, recently said that climate change is our single greatest security threat.
My Friends, this body - perhaps more than any other gathering in human history - now faces this difficult, but achievable task. You can make history... or be vilified by it.
To be clear, this is not about telling people to change their light bulbs or buy a hybrid car. This disaster has grown BEYOND the choices that individuals make. This is now about our industries, and governments around the world taking decisive, large-scale action.
Now must be our moment for action.
We need to put a pricetag on carbon emissions, and eliminate government subsidies for oil, coal and gas companies. We need to end the free ride that industrial polluters have been given in the name of a free-market economy, they do not deserve our tax dollars, they deserve our scrutiny. For the economy itself will die if our eco-systems collapse.
The good news is that renewable energy is not only achievable but good economic policy.
This is not a partisan debate; it is a human one. Clean air and a livable climate are inalienable human rights. And solving this crisis is not a question of politics, it is a question of our own survival.
This is the most urgent of times, and the most urgent of messages.
Honored delegates, leaders of the world, I pretend for a living. But you do not.
The people made their voices heard on Sunday around the world and the momentum will not stop. But now it is YOUR turn, the time to answer humankind's greatest challenge is now.
We beg of you to face it with courage. And honesty. Thank you.
Earlier on HuffPost:

Scientists Find Another Way Pooches Are Just Like Peoplereddit
Some see the bowl as half-empty; for other dogs, it's half-full.
At least that's what researchers at The University of Sydney in Australia say. Their new study shows that some dogs are inherently more optimistic than others .
"This research is exciting because it measures positive and negative emotional states in dogs objectively and non-invasively," study leader Dr. Melissa J. Starling , an animal behaviorist at the university, said in a written statement. "It offers researchers and dog owners an insight into the outlook of dogs and how that changes."
For their study, the researchers trained dogs to respond to two different tones, each an octave apart. One tone accompanied a reward of a half-bowl of lactose-free milk, while the second tone resulted in a less-alluring half bowl of water. Once the dogs learned to associate each tone with its reward, the researchers had the dogs listen to "ambiguous cues" -- tones that were unfamiliar to the animals -- and studied their responses.
What did the researchers find?
Some dogs reacted positively to the unfamiliar sounds, indicating that they expected a treat of milk might follow. The "pessimists" of the group, meanwhile, failed to react at all. The researchers concluded that a dog with an optimistic personality expects more good things to happen, and is thus more likely to take risks with the expectation that doing so can lead to rewards. Meanwhile, the researchers described pessimistic dogs as being generally "more cautious and risk averse," and therefore more content with the status quo and less eager to try new things.
"Pessimistic dogs appeared to be much more stressed by failing a task than optimistic dogs," Dr. Starling said in the statement."They would whine and pace and avoid repeating the task while the optimistic dogs would appear unfazed and continue."
But the researchers cautioned that neither doggy disposition was necessarily better than the other. Instead, trainers may be able to take advantage of the dogs' different personalities to find the best role for them as service dogs.
And that's a good thing: No one wants a guide dog that's overoptimistic about its ability to cross a street in time.
"If we knew how optimistic or pessimistic the best candidates for a working role are, we could test dogs' optimism early and identify good candidates for training for that role," Starling said in the statement. "A pessimistic dog that avoids risks would be better as a guide dog while an optimistic, persistent dog would be more suited to detecting drugs or explosives."
The research doesn't have any immediate implications for pets at home, though it could help reshape how we assess animal welfare, says Starling.

Everything You Need To Know About The Story Behind Tim Burton s  Big Eyesreddit
Tim Burton's newest film trailer has fans of the macabre master staring into a set of very large, very peculiar, somewhat familiar eyes.
The title of the movie is, fittingly, " Big Eyes ." It tells the story of two once married artists, Margaret and Walter Keane , who rose to fame in the 1950s and '60s. Their subject of choice -- doe-eyed children reminiscent of Precious Moments characters gone wrong.
Looking back, the eerie nature of the creatures -- sugary-sweet, yet demonic -- seemed to mirror the Keane's relationship. In short, the two wound up in court fighting over who was the real originator of the Big Eye brand that took the art world by storm. Was it Walter, the public face of the Keane kingdom? Or Margaret, the housewife who claimed her husband couldn't paint a sunset?
Their story is unsettling, equal parts romantic and just plain creepy. And to fully enjoy Burton's biopic, starring Amy Adams and Christoph Waltz, you might want to get to know the quirky Keanes before "Big Eyes" hits theaters this December. Behold, everything you need to know about the couple behind the myth:
Who Are They?
Nebraska-born Walter and Tennessee-born Margaret tied the knot in 1955 in Honolulu, Hawaii, both having been married with children before. He had studied art in Paris in the late 1940s, while she had been drawing since she was a child . One would claim the inspiration for the big-eyed Keane paintings came from his time in Europe after WWII, while the other would go on to say her soul-baring "waifs" (a word everyone seemed to use to describe the ghostly girls) originated in her childhood isolation.
It wasn't until 1957 that the Keanes' work went on display -- outdoors in an art show in Washington Square Park in New York City. The world was then introduced to a gaggle of young women staring at them from behind a frame, their soft lines and dreamy hues bleeding from one canvas to another. Almost inexplicable success followed. The late 1950s and 1960s were good to the anonymous Big Eyed women, and Walter positioned himself as the talent behind the operation. He showcased "his work" in galleries in San Francisco, New York, Chicago, and New Orleans.
How Did They Become Famous?
The paintings were just everywhere. " Walter was to Big Eye art what Howard Johnson is to to mutliflavor ice cream ," Jane Howard wrote in 1965. Diane Keaton ogled Keanes in Woody Allen's "Sleeper" in 1973. Saturday Night Live featured Keanes in a contemporary art parody in the 1980s. Stars like Joan Crawford, Jerry Lewis, Kim Novak and Natalie Wood counted themselves as collectors. As does Burton, of course.
And, according to The New York Times, Walter would charge up to $50,000 per painting , earning millions of dollars a year.
Come on. Those eyes, though?
"I think what Keane has done is just terrific," Andy Warhol famously quipped. "It has to be good. If it were bad, so many people wouldn't like it.''
Warhol had a thing for consumerist art, so it's no shock he looked favorably upon the Keanes. But were they good? Adam Parfrey called them " saccharine kitsch madness ," while Katherine Bishop dubbed them " maudlin popular art ." By and large, the art world establishment tended to turn its nose at the big eyes, while the cult of Keane buyers continued to gobble everything from large canvases to postcards and dorm posters.
Think of Thomas Kinkade, Dale Chihuly or Lisa Frank levels of fame.
Walter Keane with two of "his" paintings: "Backstage" and "Alone." (Photo By Duane Howell/The Denver Post via Getty Images)
So What Happened?
" [Margaret] helped Walter switch careers from selling real estate to running galleries in New York and San Francisco ," Eve M. Kahn describes. "She raised their two daughters and painted at night while he traveled, philandered openly and drank heavily. The big-eye portraits, although shown at venues as prominent as world’s fair pavilions, did not impress aesthetes."
So Margaret finally spoke up. After decades of Walter taking the credit, she stepped forward. " For many years I had allowed my second husband to take credit for my paintings . But one day, unable to continue the deception any longer, I left him and my home in California and moved to Hawaii." In 1965, she was granted legal separation from her husband. And in 1970 she confessed on a radio show that all of the "eyes" paintings were hers.
In response, Walter likened himself to Rembrandt, El Greco and Michelangelo , and said that he was " flabbergasted " by Margaret's proclamations. The public lampooning culminated in a paint off -- well, it was supposed to. Walter pleaded a shoulder injury and never painted. Slander suits were filed . And Margaret produced Exhibit 224 , a piece of artwork painted before jurors in 53 minutes that dramatically settled the dispute.
She was awarded $4 million in damages in 1986. In most people's opinions, and certainly in the eyes of the law, she had proved she was the real Keane artist.
Where Are They Now?
Margaret, now in her late 80s, remarried and continued painting. Continued painting those eyes , to be exact. In 1992 the Keane Eyes Gallery was up and running, offering Big Eyes on posters, plates and prints, ranging in price from $200 to $15,000 . "People either hate my paintings or they love them," Margaret observed shortly after the gallery's opening. "There does not seem to be much middle ground."
Meanwhile, Walter refused to admit Margaret's truth, despite the fact that public opinion had turned against him. He claimed to be penniless after he lost in the suit in '86, and he died in 2000 at the age of 85.
Why Does Tim Burton Care?
He's a fan of Margaret's work. " Burton...owns an extensive collection of her work ," Robert L. Brown of the Keane Eyes Gallery in San Francisco explained to The Hollywood Reporter.
It's not difficult to see the influence of the Keane eyes in Burton's films. "The Nightmare Before Christmas" has Sally. "Beetlejuice" is filled with wide-eyed characters. Even Burton's Willy Wonka sported some optical oddities . The trailer for "Big Eyes" above shows a bit less whimsical a universe, but Burton's dark humor shines through. Take a look and let us know your thoughts in the comments.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

WATCH: Fox News Host Actually Said This About Fossil FuelPrevious Story
Next Story
'The Five' Host Greg Gutfeld On Fossil Fuel: 'It Used To Be A Dinosaur. Now It's Fuel. How Is That Not Renewable?'
reddit
Greg Gutfeld, one of the five legendary hosts of Fox News' "The Five", thinks the dangers of climate change are way overhyped.
On Tuesday night, he shared this brilliant gem to illustrate his expertise on the subject of climate science: "Isn't fossil fuels the ultimate renewable energy? It's renewed once. It used to be a dinosaur. Now it's fuel. How is that not renewable?"
(COUGH...)
Tip your server. Have a great night!
Watch the clip above via Fox News
More:

Fox News Pundit Winds Up On Terrorism Watch Listreddit
The Department Of Homeland Security is known for being somewhat overzealous with its terrorist watch list—Nelson Mandela was infamously on the list as late as 2008 , for instance. Hundreds of thousands of people are routinely placed on the list , often for very minimal reasons .
On Tuesday, the world got another glimpse into the baffling choices the federal government sometimes makes when conservative writer and Fox News pundit Stephen Hayes revealed that he had been placed on the list.
Just informed I'm on the @DHSgov terrorist watch list. Explains why I have been subject to extra screening each of my recent trips.
— Stephen Hayes (@stephenfhayes) September 23, 2014
Naturally, when I went to file a "redress" form on the @DHSgov website, as instructed, the form could not be processed. #limbo
— Stephen Hayes (@stephenfhayes) September 23, 2014
What was the reason? Well, Hayes did take a trip recently.
I suspect I made the list b/c of concerns about #Syria . I took a one-way flight to Turkey in late July (return flight was Athens). @DHSgov
— Stephen Hayes (@stephenfhayes) September 23, 2014
More:

The Basics Of Personal Branding - Five Simple Questions Before You Startreddit
The world of business is one tough place - a realm where only the fittest survive.
So whether you're starting a small business, are an entrepreneur or a CEO of a multi-million dollar enterprise there's always a better way to be a 'fitter' leader - a way where you ideally have greater positive influence, get more 'yes's' and have things go the way you want them to more often than not.
Easier said than done when people are involved...and there are always people involved. Yet the first and most important person to have on side, to have thinking clearly and focused is...yourself.
Anybody who is running a business, regardless of size, who is unclear about who they are and want to be, what they stand for and how they emotionally connect with people cause uncertainty, insecurity and stress...and this greatly affects productivity and revenue.
According to world leading personal branding expert Glen Campbell from Brandheart this is not the case with leaders who have taken the time to develop their 'personal brand' using the right method.
"Personal branding is not about the external manifestation, what you wear and your style and manner. Well before that it's about the internal drivers that increase self-awareness and self-control; that enable a leader to consistently respond as their best self," says Campbell.
Campbell believes that behaving like a true brand is not something most organizations know how to do very well; he says the same goes for personal branding.
When developing a personal brand Campbell takes his clients through a unique and highly effective method that helps them to discover and define who their best self is and then how to make that become their permanent self.
In his method he has them deeply consider the following questions and helps them to discover answers, which serve to dramatically improve their leadership, and life capabilities.
Who is your current real self? Who are you now, what are strengths and what gaps exist to being a great leader and person?
Who is your ideal self? - Who do you want to be so that it builds on your strengths and then defines what else is needed be your best self.
Why do you need to change? Discovering your 'why' is crucial, as is knowing the key things you need to do to become your best self?
How do I become my best self? Adopting the right tools and techniques to make the new thinking, behaviors, thoughts and emotions you have defined become inherent.
Who can help? Finding supportive and trusting relationships will help make the change permanent.
"Leaders that have taken the time to develop their personal brand are the rare few who enjoy unwavering internal certainty and single-mindedness and as a result are able to accomplish extraordinary things," says Campbell.
Follow Brian Horn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brianhorn
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

Meet Female Photographers Changing The Way Women Are Portrayed“Open yourself as wide as you can … like a piece of unexposed, sensitized material,” famed documentary photographer Dorothea Lange once said .
The talented group of 11 female photojournalists included in National Geographic's "Women of Vision" exhibition seem to have taken Lange's words to heart: they've ventured into all corners of the world, minds and eyes open, and come back with spectacular results.
The exhibition, on view at the Cranbrook Institute of Science in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, was conceived by Kathryn Keane, National Geographic's vice president of exhibitions, and curated by the magazine's senior photo editor Elizabeth Krist. In a conversation published on National Geographic , the two women talked about how they were struck by the number of female photographers in the last decade who had been working in extreme settings and dangerous situations to bring important stories to the magazine.
Nujood Ali stunned the world in 2008 by obtaining a divorce at age ten in Yemen, striking a blow against forced marriage. Photo by Stephanie Sinclair, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
"Many of them worked for their hometown newspapers; many of them were the only women photographers working in the newsroom,"  Keane said. "Many of them had sort of different reasons for getting into it, but once they got into the field of photography, they had sort of similar experiences, but then their personal interests drew them back out into different directions. ... A lot of times these women had no resources; they had very little support and yet they were driven to get the stories that they get."
While a wide range of work is covered in the exhibition, it is striking how many of the photographers take a deep and nuanced look at the lives of other women of all ages, from a young woman peer-pressured into getting a piercing to a Yemeni girl who broke free of a chid marriage.
"I do think that women are more likely to concentrate on issues that really matter to women, whether it’s maternal mortality or sexual assault or child brides," Krist told National Geographic . "And so I do feel that it’s important to keep the numbers up of women who are actually going out in the field and covering these kinds of issues."
The exhibition includes the work of  photojournalists Erika Larsen, Kitra Cahana, Jodi Cobb, Amy Toensing, Carolyn Drake, Beverly Joubert, Stephanie Sinclair, Diane Cook, Lynn Johnson, Maggie Steber and Lynsey Addario, all of whom have contributed to National Geographic. Below, see some of the images that bring to light stories of women from across the globe:
Jodi Cobb
"What I was trying to do was make images of victims that did not re-victimize," Cobb told the Wall Street Journal about the first image below. "You don't want people to turn away, you want to draw them in."
Prostitutes, who are known as cage girls and are often sex slaves, display themselves on a Mumbai street. Photo by Jodi Cobb, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
A woman in Florence, Italy, savors the message on a large greeting card. Photo by Jodi Cobb, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
"The worst day is not when my safety is at risk; it's when I can't get the pictures I want," Sinclair has said . "You have a chance to get voices heard, so every day counts."
A lieutenant in Yemen's elite female counterterrorism unit patrols the women’s barracks. Photo by Stephanie Sinclair.
Kitra Cahana
“When you really have the time to develop deep relationships with your subjects, it shows,” Cahana told The New York Times' Lens Blog .
Getting her tongue pierced was “exciting and scary” says a teen in Austin, Texas who succumbed to pressure from her best friend. Photo by Kitra Cahana, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
Carolyn Drake
“For me," Drake told the Lens blog in 2011, "journalism and art are not actually separate.”
In Hotan, a Uygur town with a rising Han Chinese population, Uygurs socialize at their own nightclubs. Photo by Carolyn Drake, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
Lynsey Addario
"This is what I cover," Addario told the Committee to Protect Journalists in an interview after she was held captive in Libya in 2011 . "I will go back, and I'll exercise as much caution as I can, but I cover conflict."
Women -- mostly widows -- train for police force jobs at a firing range near Kabul. Photo by Lynsey Addario, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
Maggie Steber
"Words and pictures are a very powerful tool together, Together these are the most powerful things in the world, actually. Even more than swords and guns because together they can inform, they can change minds," Steber told National Geographic . "But I think when you’re writing about something, you have to report in a certain way so that people can learn something and determine for themselves. Photographs are a completely different thing. Pictures speak to a different part of your brain. Nothing is ever going to describe in words what your mother looked like at 20 when the moonlight just fell on her face in such a way. Only a picture can show you that."
The photographer’s mother, Madje Steber, suffered severe memory loss during her final years at a Florida facility. Photo by Maggie Steber, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
Nestled in their bed in Miami, Florida, four young sisters nap on a Sunday afternoon after attending church. Photo by Maggie Steber, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
Amy Toensing
"You don’t want to end up with a bunch of cracked earth pictures," Toensing told National Geographic about her photographs of the years-long drought in Australia’s Murray-Darling river basin and its effect on residents. "I needed to understand the implications and the climate change perspectives and the water system perspectives, but then translate that into how it's affecting humanity."
Simon Booth remembers when he grazed 250 head of cattle on his ranch in southeastern Australia -- a sight his children Ryan and Claire may never see. Photo by Amy Toensing, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
Longtime Ocean Grove visitors take a dip in the roiling Atlantic surf. Photo by Amy Toensing, courtesy National Geographic "Women of Vision."
The "Women with Vision: National Geographic Photographers on Assignment" exhibition on view at the Cranbrook Institute of Science in Bloomfield Hills lasts through Dec. 30 before traveling to the Palm Beach Photographic Centre in West Palm Beach, Fla. in January.
More:

India Has Made It To The Red PlanetIndia Puts Spacecraft Into Mars Orbit
 | By                                                                KATY DAIGLE
reddit
NEW DELHI (AP) — India celebrated putting a spacecraft into orbit around Mars on Wednesday, hoping the rare feat will show the world it is open for business in space exploration and inspire a new generation of homegrown scientists to help drive growth.
Those motivations help explain why India, a poor country of 1.2 billion, even invests in a space program when so many of its people lack access to proper toilets, electricity and health care.
For one, boosting its space business has always been a key selling point of the country's program.
More than half of the world's missions to Mars so far have failed. In proving it can pull off a complex space mission, India becomes one of the world's few reliable ferrymen to the stars. That can attract investors, commercial launch orders and customers to hire Indian rockets and satellites for their scientific research.
But the program also is a source of pride and motivation for the country's burgeoning ranks of young professionals. India's robust scientific and technical education system has already produced millions of software programmers, engineers and doctors who have helped grow the country's growing middle class.
"Mars, of course, captures the imagination of the world. What better goal is there to reach for, to prove we can accomplish our goals?" said B.N. Raghunandan, the engineering dean at the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore, India's tech hub.
Every time India launches another rocket, he said he is bombarded by students asking how they can get into the school's aerospace engineering program.
India's credibility also gets a huge boost, he said. "These kinds of successes put India in a better bargaining position, reassuring investors that we can perform."
India joined an elite club when it successfully guided its Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately called MOM, into orbit around the red planet Wednesday morning. Only the U.S., former Soviet Union and European Space Agency have been able to do that before.
In scenes broadcast live on TV, scientists at the Indian Space and Research Organisation's command center in Bangalore erupted into cheers as orbiter's engines completed 24 minutes of burn time to maneuver the spacecraft into place. MOM had traveled some 666 million kilometers  (414 million miles) and more than 300 days since breaking from Earth's gravitational pull.
"Our scientists have achieved this in the first attempt," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said from the command center. "We have dared to reach out into the unknown and have achieved near impossible."
India was particularly proud that MOM was developed with homegrown technology and for a bargain price of about $75 million — a cost that Modi quipped was lower than many Hollywood movie budgets. NASA's much larger Maven mission, whose satellite went into orbit around Mars on Sunday, cost nearly 10 times as much, at $671 million.
The country's business sector applauded the mission, with the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry saying "it will encourage Indian industry to invest in the research and innovation."
India's success shows the world that "they are now a force of capability ... that can be taken very seriously," said space expert Roger Franzen, the technical program manager at the Australian National University's Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics.
"India has an extremely well-developed space industry that manufactures everything from the components to the spacecraft to the instrumentation to the launch vessels," he said.
In the realm of scientific space research, India also could soon join in collaborative missions with NASA or ESA, he suggested.
India has already conducted dozens of successful satellite launches, including sending up the Chandrayaan-1 lunar orbiter, which discovered key evidence of water on the moon in 2008. And it plans new scientific missions, including putting a rover on the moon.
But the focus for the space agency, which operates on an annual budget of $1.1 billion, will remain on developing technologies for commercial and navigational satellite applications, the agency's chief K. Radhakrishnan said Tuesday. Those services could bring in significant revenues from companies or governments seeking to place their own satellites or research equipment in space.
"If we're going to earn money, we're going to do it on that," said D. Raghunandan of the Delhi Science Forum, a group that promotes the study of science. "India's portfolio is likely to be somewhat limited because we can't afford to spend that much money in pure science exploration and in an exercise of the imagination."
Still, India hopes to gather scientific data to deepen our understanding of Mars and the wider universe.
MOM will circle the planet for at least six months, with solar-powered instruments gathering scientific data that may shed light on Martian weather systems as well as what happened to the water that is believed to have existed once on Mars.
It also will search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes. Experts hope data gathered will help them better understand how planets form and what conditions might make life possible.
"Mars is gradually unveiling its secrets to science and humanity and the Indian mission is yet another means of unveiling this enigma that Mars presents," said Franzen.
Even though India wrestles with many problems from poverty to hunger, that shouldn't stop the country from forging ahead in science and space, said B.N. Raghunandan, of the Indian Institute of Science.
"I don't think we can afford to lag behind. We can't sacrifice frontier research for the sake of solving old-world problems," he said. "These technological advances have their own spinoffs and benefits."
For 12-year-old Mansha Khanna, who was visiting the Nehru Planetarium in New Delhi for Mars-themed learning activities and games, the mission's success gave her something to dream about — becoming "a scientist or an astronaut."
For another student, Kashish, also 12, who uses only one name, the sky was the limit.
"I am proud to be born in a country that can do anything and succeed," he said.
___
AP writers Nirmala George in New Delhi and Kristen Gelineau in Sydney contributed to this report.
___
Indian Space and Research Organization: www.isro.org/
___
Follow Katy Daigle on Twitter at twitter.com/katydaigle
More:

State Bank of India Approves Ten-for-One Stock SplitMumbai:
Top lender State Bank of India said on Wednesday its board had approved a 10-for-one stock split.
SBI will reduce the face value of each equity share to Rs 1 from Rs 10 now, it said in a regulatory filing.
State-run Punjab National Bank and top private sector lender ICICI Bank this month approved stock splits. Companies typically split shares to make those attractive for retail investors.
Ahead of the announcement, SBI shares closed 2.7 per cent down at Rs 2,486.35, underperforming a 0.2 per cent fall in the Nifty.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Coal Verdict Priced In  Nifty May Rebound: SharekhanYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Coal Verdict Priced in, Nifty May Rebound: Sharekhan
Published On:                  September 24, 2014                 | Duration: 7 min, 48 sec

Walmart Wants To Be Your BankWalmart Launches Mobile Checking Account
 | By                                                                JOSEPH PISANI
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart is the latest company to get rid of fees that traditional banks charge customers who don't have enough money in their accounts to cover purchases.
The world's largest retailer said Wednesday that it teamed up with Green Dot Corp., a company known for its reloadable prepaid cards, to bring mobile checking accounts to its shoppers. The accounts won't charge overdraft and bounced-check fees.
It's the latest attempt to offer banking services that cater to cash-strapped Americans who are still struggling in the economic recovery. Bank of America and Citibank both launched checking accounts this year that don't charge overdraft fees, which can normally cost up to $35 per transaction.
The moves come as overdraft fees, which occur when a customer doesn't have enough cash in their account to cover a purchase, have come under increasing scrutiny by regulators in the past few years.
In 2010, banks were required to get written approval from customers to provide overdraft protection, which allow balances to go below zero. But those that opt for overdraft coverage are still paying high fees: Some customers at large banks can pay, on average, almost $260 a year in overdraft fees, according to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Green Dot's account, called GoBank, has a monthly fee of $8.95. But that can be waived if a direct deposit of $500 is made each month.
To open an account, customers need to go to a Wal-Mart store and pay $2.95 for a starter kit. They must also own a smartphone, since most of the banking is done through the app. The kit comes with a MasterCard debit card that can be used to make purchases or to take out money, for no fee, at more than 42,000 ATMs around the country. Using an ATM outside the network will result in a $2.50 charge. There's also a 3 percent fee for money taken out at an ATM outside of the country.
And to attract people with poor credit scores and little money, Wal-Mart said that credit bureau ratings and other scores typically used to determine eligibility are not part of the process.
Daniel Eckert, senior vice president of services for Walmart U.S., said that the retailer's customers "feel they just aren't getting value from traditional banking because of high fees."
Wal-Mart's move follows similar ones by big banks. Bank of America launched its SafeBalance account, which has a monthly fee of $4.95 and no overdraft fees.
And Citibank's Access Account, launched Tuesday, has a monthly fee of $10 that can be waived if customers make one monthly bill payment or one direct deposit or if they average a monthly balance of $1,500 or more. The Citibank accounts don't charge overdraft fees either.
Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, said it is unlikely Wal-Mart will be able to steal customers from big banks. People who do sign up for GoBank are likely to not have a checking account or are unable to open one, he said.
"The goal here is to get them in the store and boost traffic and sales in the store," said McBride.
The account also comes with perks. To make a cash deposit, GoBank customers can go to the register of any Wal-Mart store. GoBank customers also can receive payroll direct deposit earlier than their normal payday if their employer notifies GoBank of a deposit in advance.
The app notifies customers in real time if a purchase they are about to make falls outside of their budget. A "Fortune Teller" feature crosschecks the price of a particular item against a customer's planned income and other expenses.
In addition, customers can send money instantly to each other at no charge through either email or a text message.
___
Michelle Chapman in New York contributed to this report.
More:

A year after the poop cruise  Carnival is having one of its best sales years yetBy Drew Harwell September 24 Follow @drewharwell
A view of the pool deck of Carnival Asia’s Costa Atlantica during its maiden call at the Marina Bay Cruise Center in Singapore in 2013. (REUTERS/Edgar Su)
As vacationers hoarded snacks and human waste dribbled down the walls of last year’s “ cruise from hell ,” many expected Carnival, the world’s biggest cruise operator, had suffered a business-wrecking hit.
But new numbers show the stink from the cruise line’s high-profile disaster last year has already begun to fade. Carnival just logged one of its best summers in history, beating projections by posting nearly $5 billion in sales of tickets, tours and on-board goodies. It’s on track to earn $16 billion in sales this year, breaking a company record.
Many more people bought tickets, with Caribbean cruises booking nearly 20 percent more guests this summer than the year before, company filings show. And once those cruisers were sailing, they spent nearly 10 percent more on things like vacation trinkets and fruity drinks.
The good fortunes for the vacation giant that was so recently a laughingstock surprised not just analysts, but Carnival itself. Chief executive Arnold Donald said Tuesday on a conference call that the cruise line’s “recovery is probably a little faster than we had a right to believe it would be.”
Last year was one nightmare after another for Carnival, the $31 billion cruise behemoth that runs its namesake cruise line and 10 other big-ship brands worldwide. A fire in the Carnival Triumph’s engine room in February stranded the ship’s more than 4,000 passengers and crew for four days with no power or running toilets, turning the floating resort into a “ hot port-o-potty .” A month later, mechanical problems aboard the Carnival Dream and Carnival Legend led the cruise line to cancel scheduled stops and, in the Dream’s case, fly passengers back home.
In the months since, Carnival has emptied its pockets and cranked up its marketing to win back grossed-out passengers. The cruise line spent $300 million installing emergency generators and upgrading ships’ safety systems, convened a board of outside experts, including two retired U.S. Navy rear admirals, to review the fleet, and built new rum pubs, game shows, cocktail bars and water slides through an initiative they called “ Fun Ship 2.0 .”
The Miami megafirm also slashed ticket prices — by more than $80 million in one quarter last year, according to corporate filings — and offered cruisers full refunds, plus 10 percent on top , if they didn’t leave leave satisfied. All the spending and cutting, though, carved deeply into their profits: The cruise line is expected to pocket $1 billion less in profit in 2014 than it earned in 2008.
Carnival has bounced back from messy vacation fiascos before. In 2010, the same year an engine fire stranded the Carnival Splendor off San Diego’s coast, the company reported an 11 percent jump in income over the previous year.
YouGov BrandIndex said last year Carnival suffered “one of the steepest drops in consumer perception for a brand” since BP and the Gulf oil spill. But index analysts now say in  their mid-year report that “no company has made greater strides in perception than Carnival.”
The cruise line’s breezy summer was fueled by big growth in China, which executives said could one day become the “largest cruise market in the world.” As for now, though, Americans rule the seas: Half of the 21 million cruise passengers this year hail from the U.S., data from Cruise Lines International Association show .
Next year could prove tougher for Carnival, which will have to drydock many of its ships to upgrade fuel systems and install exhaust-cleaning “scrubbers” to meet new pollutant rules, dinging Carnival’s revenue. But analysts said the cruise line will likely continue to leave the worst of its “poop cruise” days behind — as long as it can avoid another embarrassment.
“It just takes time to get the confidence back from the cruising customer that they’re not going to have some horrible experience,” said C. Patrick Scholes, a senior lodging and leisure analyst with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. “The best thing they can do is stay out of the news.”
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

Is Your Small Business Website Like a Bad First Datereddit
Even if we've been lucky enough to escape the experience ourselves, we've all heard about bad first dates with incredibly self-absorbed people who yammer on endlessly about how great they are: "But enough about me. What do you think of my many accomplishments and erudition?" It's a nightmare scenario most of us wouldn't wish on our worst enemies. So why do so many small business owners subject potential customers to an online version of a bad first date?
As a web consultant and developer, I've seen my share of "bad first date" websites -- business sites that feature page after page of braggy claims and self-important industry jargon. When I put myself in the customers' shoes to evaluate the site (an exercise that should be the first step in any web development process), I'm unable to find information that is valuable to me because the site is not about me -- the customer -- it's all about the business.
Small companies that want to use their online presence to drive new business need to step back and take a critical look at their sites to make sure they're not delivering a bad first date experience. This has always been important, but today more than ever, content is king. With open source platforms, most of the technical functions small businesses need their websites to perform have been built already and are waiting to be snapped into place.
Open source platforms like Drupal and WordPress provide a backend framework that small businesses can use to build and customize their websites while managing key functions like registration, system administration, layout and RSS. Users can also create their own modules to enable new functions or change the website's look and feel.
Smaller companies can use open source content management systems (CMS) to reduce or eliminate the need for coding while delivering rich media online, including text, graphics, video and audio. They can use open source assets to create responsive design sites that optimize content for viewing across multiple device types, including smartphones, tablets and laptops, while eliminating the need to scroll from side to side.
With open source tools available to help small businesses establish an online presence with robust front and backend functions quickly and affordably, there's never been a better time to focus on content excellence. And the best way to do that is to concentrate on the customer. Engage with your target customers and find out what they value the most. Use that information to develop your content, and speak directly to your customers' needs.
Instead of bragging about your company's abilities and accomplishments, link your value proposition back to how it can help your customer succeed. And keep it all as jargon-free as possible, being mindful of the fact that your customer isn't likely as immersed in your business environment as you are.
By using open source capabilities to build a responsive site with rich content management capabilities and robust backend and frontend functionality -- and most of all by centering content around your customers' needs -- you can avoid the "bad first date" trap and amp up customer engagement.
More:

Lofty deeds  noble aimsUpdated: September 24, 2014 19:46 IST
Lofty deeds, noble aims
The Hindu Bachendri Pal (right) will lead a seven-women contingent on an expedition to the Kharta Valley in Tibet. Photo: Meeta Ahlawat
The Hindu Bachendri Pal, the first Indian woman to climb Mount Everest. Photo: Shanker Chakravarty
TOPICS
accomplishment
Three decades ago, Bachendri Pal made the nation proud by conquering Mt. Everest. At 60, she is keen to add a new leaf to her life
At 60, there is no stopping Bachendri Pal. In a society which worships youth, Bachendri Pal continues to defy all norms.
Thirty years ago, Bachendri Pal did it by climbing Mount Everest. Today she is training other girls to do the same but is making sure that she takes part in various mountaineering expeditions.
Speaking on the sidelines of the flagging off ceremony of the Indian Women’s Expedition to Kharta Valley. Bachendri Pal insists that for her it is not about physical ageing but mental alertness.
“I am 60 now but that does not bother me at all. Mountaineering or any other adventure sports is not only about physical fitness; one should be brave at heart, have a solid mind, strong will power and the can-do spirit. I see many youngsters who are physically fit but are handicapped at heart.”
Though Bachendri Pal has achieved the ultimate in a mountaineer’s life, she is not ready to sit back and bask in glory. She says, “I have so many dreams to fulfil and for fulfilling all my dreams I feel my life is too short. I am trying to grow confidence in our youngsters and help them become good and responsible citizens. I train them and at times get inspiration from them which helps me in keeping my fitness level high.”
Bachendri has also led an Indo-Nepalese Women’s Mount Everest Expedition in 1993 which set benchmarks for Indian mountaineering when seven women reached the summit. The fire to do something more has been burning in her heart ever since she was a little girl when she was in Nakuri, her birthplace which is a village in Uttarakhand.
“It is our lifestyle, of the villagers living in hilly areas. Our upbringing is quite adventurous, we get to train automatically because of the geographical conditions. There were no restrictions from my family. Once on a school picnic at the age of 12, I climbed a peak of 13,123 ft which developed the zeal for mountaineering in me. Girls were unable to study beyond the primary classes and people around always discouraged but I did my graduation and became the first woman in the village to have graduated. Then I went on to complete my Masters and then B.Ed.”
Then came the moment of glory on the May 23, 1984 when all Indians applauded her feat of reaching the top of the Everest. She still recalls the feeling, “I was the only woman in the group. We reached the summit in the early hours of the day climbing over sheets of ice, cold winds were blowing at very high speed and the temperature was as low as -30° Celsius. I knew I have created history and made not only my parents but every Indian proud.”
As the saying goes you can’t better the Everest but Bachendri Pal is determined to do it again and again and again. This time by guiding six girls for Kharta Valley. In due course she hopes that one of her new companions on the expedition or maybe some other girl from the hills will be inspired to conquer the loftiest mountain in the world.
“Life post 1984 has gone into training people. I like everybody to be adventurous and learn about ways to combat natural calamities at school level so as at the time of an earthquake, flood or landslide we should not have to depend on the Army alone. Common people should be trained to take emergency measures like in the recent Jammu and Kashmir floods people made improvised rafts to cross the swollen river.”

Capital Check: The making of a goddessUpdated: September 24, 2014 20:30 IST
Capital Check: The making of a goddess
ZIYA US SALAM
Tweet
The Hindu An artist dressing up an idol of Goddess Durga at West Delhi Kali Bari near Tilak Nagar. Photo: Shiv Kumar Pushpakar.
The Hindu Artist from Kumartuli in West Bengal making clay ornaments and biodegradable colours in Jhilmil Colony. Photo: Shanker Chakravarty
The Hindu Artists from Kumartuli in West Bengal making clay ornaments and biodegradable colours in Jhilmil Colony. Photo: Shanker Chakravarty
AP An artist paints the eyes of an idol of goddess Durga, at a workshop.
AP An artist carrying spray paint to colour the idols at a workshop.
TOPICS
Durga Pooja
A look at how Delhi is gearing up to celebrate Durga Puja
To some she is Bhavani. To others she is Mahakali or Chandi. She is Kanaka or Chamundeswari to people down South and Shaarika to those in Kashmir. Some though worship the milder forms as Lakshmi or Saraswati. Be that as it may, but around this time every year, millions express their faith in Durga through unparalleled exuberance, long hours of singing and dancing, moments of quiet worship stolen in crowded pandals and lots of sharing and eating with friends, neighbours and relatives.
From Shashtami to Dashami, puja is held with fervour, culminating in wider celebrations on the 10th day — Dussehra. For the preceding nine days, Durga is worshipped in many avatars with the multitudes behaving like Kartikeya, Durga’s son. Seeking, pleading, beseeching….devout and worshipping.
If such be the passion across India, can Delhi be left behind? Far from it. Well before the Navratra fasting begins, and much before the gigantic cut-outs of Ravan, Meghnad and Kumbhkaran spring up, Delhi is home to images of Durga, usually smiling beatifically from the roadside, from under the tarpaulin of the image-maker in Chittaranjan Park, Tilak Nagar, Aram Bagh, Shahdara, even Noida to the east of Delhi. Many images are of clay and decked up with paints which help not at the time of immersion; others are of dissolvable circumstances, making sure that the devout harm not the environment at the time of final immersion. These idols, beautiful and eye-catching as they are, are not an overnight creation. Artists come from Kumartuli in Kolkata as also places in Odisha and Chhattisgarh.
Many are booked a year in advance, most come down at least a month before the festival. Throughout day, and often by night, they toil, chiselling the deity to perfection. And once the idol is ready, it is installed in a temple, in a pandal, on stage. Then come the believers. And Durga rules over their hearts.

KLM s Adorable Lost And Found Service Makes Us Want To Leave Stuff On Planesreddit
KLM's new lost and found program is a lesson in perverse incentives.
On one hand, owners who leave property behind risk losing it permanently. Then again, since lost items stand to be returned via Beagle, it may be tempting to start "accidentally" forgetting more things on the plane.
The Dutch airline has started using an adorable, vest-wearing dog to return lost property, sending him down the concourse to literally sniff out rightful owners after they've disembarked at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport.
In a release Tuesday , the company said they're able to successfully return 80 percent of the items they find on planes, from iPhones to toy stuffed animals, using a combination of vigilance, social media, and at least one pup named "Sherlock."
"Our main goal is to return lost items to the owner as fast as possible," Sandra List, a member of KLM's "Team Lost & Found " said in a video explaining the new program .
Dirk van Driel, Sherlock's trainer, said the pup is trained for "muscle strength, endurance, and of course socialization. When you see the reactions of the passengers, that really is amazing."
KLM did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Also on HuffPost:

US President Barack Obama calls for dismantling IS  network of deathUS President Barack Obama addressing the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly, at UN headquarters on Wednesday. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:30 pm
Declaring the world at a crossroads between war and peace, US President Barack Obama vowed at the United Nations on Wednesday to lead a coalition to dismantle an Islamic State “network of death” that has wreaked havoc in the Middle East and drawn the US back into military action in the region.
Speaking to the annual gathering of the United Nations General Assembly, Obama said the US would be a “respectful and constructive partner” in confronting the Islamic State militants through force. But he also implored Muslims in the Middle East to reject the ideology that has spawned groups like the Islamic State and to cut off funding that has allowed that terror group and others to thrive.
“Ultimately, the task of rejecting sectarianism and extremism is a generational task _ a task for the people of the Middle East themselves,” Obama said. “No external power can bring about a transformation of hearts and minds.”
ALSO READ: World united in fight against ISIL: Barack Obama
The president’s remarks came against the backdrop of an expanded U.S. military campaign against the Islamic State group, with airstrikes now hitting targets in both Iraq and Syria. A coalition of five Arab nations joined the U.S. this week in the strikes in Syria: Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Qatar.
The U.S. also opened another military front with airstrikes this week against a new al-Qaida cell that the Pentagon said was “nearing the execution phase” of a direct attack on the U.S. or Europe.
The threats have drawn Obama back into conflicts in the Middle East that he has long sought to avoid, particularly in Syria, which is mired in a bloody three-year civil war. Just months ago, the president appeared to be on track to fulfill his pledge to end the U.S.-led wars he inherited in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Obama sought to distinguish this current military campaign from those lengthy wars, declaring that he has no intention of sending U.S. troops to occupy foreign lands.
“We will neither tolerate terrorist safe havens nor act as an occupying power,” he said.
The militant threat in the Middle East is just one in a series of global crises that have tested Obama this year. Russia has repeatedly flouted warning from the U.S. and Europe to stop its threatening moves in Ukraine. And leaders in West Africa have criticized Obama for not doing more to help combat an Ebola outbreak that is believed to have infected more than 5,800 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, Nigeria and Senegal.
Obama took on Russia directly in his remarks, accusing Moscow of sending arms to pro-Kremlin separatists, refusing to allow access to the site of a downed civilian airliner and then moving its own troops across continued…

Jordan Acquits Radical Cleric Of Terror ChargesAbu Qatada Acquitted Of Terrorism Charges By Jordanian Military Court
 | By                                                                KARIN LAUB
reddit
AMMAN, Jordan (AP) — A Jordanian court on Wednesday acquitted radical Muslim preacher Abu Qatada — known for his fiery pro-al-Qaida speeches — of involvement in a plot to target Israeli and American tourists and Western diplomats in Jordan more than a decade ago.
The ruling capped a lengthy legal odyssey for the 53-year-old cleric who has been described as a onetime lieutenant to Osama bin Laden, but in recent months emerged as a harsh critic of the Islamic State militant group. Abu Qatada was deported from Britain to Jordan last year, after years of fighting extradition.
The cleric's release comes at a time when Jordan views the Islamic State militants, who have seized large swaths of territory in neighboring Syria and Iraq, as a growing threat. With his credentials as a leading jihadist preacher, Abu Qatada could help legitimize the international campaign against the Islamic State and curb the group's appeal among Jordan's disaffected youth, analysts said.
The preacher was given a hero's welcome Wednesday in the Nazzal neighborhood of the Jordanian capital Amman. Women ululated as he walked up several flights of an outdoor stairway to his family home, thronged by journalists and supporters trying to duck hard candy being thrown from above in celebration.
Abu Qatada refused to answer questions about religion and politics, asking for privacy. He briefly emerged from his home with his tearful mother, Aisha, holding her close. "This is my mother. I missed her," he said.
The court session that set him free only lasted a few minutes. The gray-bearded Abu Qatada walked into a defendant's cage in Jordan's State Security Court and seven black-clad riot police then ringed the cage, largely blocking him from view.
Judge Ahmed Qattarneh said the three-judge panel acquitted Abu Qatada "because of the lack of convincing charges against him."
When the verdict was announced, Abu Qatada briefly punched his left fist in the air. Several family members jumped up from their seats, one calling out "Allahu Akbar," or "God is greatest."
Though tried in the security court, the case was heard by civilian judges.
Abu Qatada was charged with involvement in plans to target Israeli and American tourists and Western diplomats in Jordan in 2000 — the so-called "millennium plot."
He was acquitted in June in another case, a foiled 1999 plan to attack an American school in Amman. He had pleaded not guilty to both sets of charges.
In Britain, Home Secretary Theresa May said that "due process of the law has taken place in Jordan," adding that it's "absolutely as it should be."
May noted that Abu Qatada had been deported from Britain because courts there determined he posed a threat to national security. May had been instrumental in removing Abu Qatada from Britain.
The cleric "will not be returning" to Britain because he is subject to a deportation order and a U.N. travel ban, she said.
The West Bank-born Abu Qatada fled a Jordanian crackdown on militants, arriving in Britain on a forged passport in 1993. He was granted asylum a year later, but eventually wore out his welcome because of his suspected militant activities.
He had been convicted in absentia and sentenced to life in prison on both Jordanian charges. But on his extradition to Jordan last July, those sentences were suspended and he was ordered to stand a new trial.
Abu Qatada, whose real name is Omar Mahmoud Mohammed Othman, had questioned the impartiality of Jordan's military court, an issue that delayed his deportation from Britain for years. But last June, Britain and Jordan ratified a treaty on torture, paving the way for his extradition.
While in custody in Jordan, Abu Qatada had emerged as an influential critic of the Islamic State, an al-Qaida splinter group that has killed thousands of people, beheaded Westerners — including two American journalists — and captured large swaths of Syria and northern and western Iraq in a blitz this summer.
In a court appearance earlier this month, Abu Qatada said he is certain the Islamic State group will be vanquished, adding that "they have the ability to kill and destroy, not to build."
His comments reflected the bitter rivalry between al-Qaida and the Islamic State group, which has rejected al-Qaida's central authority. The al-Qaida branch in Syria, known as the Nusra Front, has fought the Islamic State.
Abu Qatada's criticism has given legitimacy to the struggle against the Islamic State group, said Fawaz Gerges, a Britain-based expert on Islamic militants, speaking before the verdict.
"The fact that the Jordanian authorities are allowing him (Abu Qatada) to make statements shows the importance of his voice at this particular junction in the struggle against Daesh," said Gerges, using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State group.
Another well-known jihadi ideologue in Jordan, Abu Mohammed al-Maqdisi, has also come out against the Islamic State group.
Over the weekend, al-Maqdisi called on Islamic State militants to release British aid worker Alan Henning and said non-Muslims who aid needy Muslims should be protected.
Al-Maqdisi was released from prison in Jordan in June, after serving five years on terrorism charges. He was the mentor of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the leader of al-Qaida in Iraq, who was killed in a U.S. airstrike in 2006.
___
Associated Press writer Danica Kirka in London contributed to this report.
More:

Coal Block Verdict: Sarda May Pay Rs 105 Cr FineYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Coal Block Verdict: Sarda May Pay Rs 105 Cr Fine
Published On:                  September 24, 2014                 | Duration: 10 min, 16 sec

Drugs in India Available at Cheap Prices: Kewal HandaYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Drugs in India Available at Cheap Prices: Kewal Handa
Published On:                  September 24, 2014                 | Duration: 10 min, 51 sec

Beginners Guide to Coal ScamYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Beginners Guide to Coal Scam
Published On:                  September 24, 2014                 | Duration: 4 min, 31 sec

Pentagon Investigates Reports Khorasan Leader Was Killed In SyriaMuhsin Al-Fadhli Dead? Pentagon Investigating Reports That Khorasan Leader Was Killed In Syria Airstrike
Reuters
reddit
By Phil Stewart and Mark Hosenball
WASHINGTON, Sept 24 (Reuters) - The United States is still assessing whether or not Mohsin al-Fadhli, a senior figure of the al Qaeda-linked Khorasan group, was killed in a U.S. air strike in Syria, government officials said on Wednesday.
One U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said earlier on Wednesday: "We believe he is dead." But other officials said the extent of the damage caused to the Khorasan group by Tuesday's airstrike was uncertain and they could not independently confirm the death of Fadhli or others.
The Pentagon cautioned that any confirmation could take time. Spokesman Colonel Steve Warren said: "We don't have personnel on the ground to verify, so we're continuing to assess."
White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he could not confirm any reports of Fadhli's death. "The early indications are that the strikes were effective," he told MSNBC.
U.S. accounts of the Khorasan group, the attack on its base and on Fadhli himself have left open questions.
One U.S. source said aircraft had dropped "tons" of bombs on what the U.S. believed was the group's main base. Some officials said they feared that after U.S. media reports about the group it may have moved people and equipment from the area.
The United States said on Tuesday it had been watching the group for some time. "We believe the Khorasan group ... was nearing the execution phase of an attack either in Europe or the homeland," said Lieutenant General William Mayville, director of operations at the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Other officials on Wednesday gave a different analysis, saying U.S. agencies saw the group putting together the kind of manpower and structure which could carry out a plot and that unless quick action were taken, it might be too late to stop it.
Paul Pillar, a former senior expert on the region for the CIA who examined the official statements said: "Evidently what was imminent was not the execution of some terrorist plot in the West but instead the possible beginning of planning for such a plot."
A 2012 State Department notice offering a $7 million reward for information on Fadhli's whereabouts said he was an al Qaeda financier close to al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden and among the few who knew in advance about the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
National security adviser Susan Rice, in an interview with NBC on Wednesday, called Fadhli "a dangerous operative," but added that he "has nothing like the cachet of bin Laden."
Islamist militants on social media have said that 33-year-old Fadhli had been killed in the air raids and said they were mourning him. But U.S. officials said that militant groups have previously been known to issue inaccurate claims about the deaths of specific militants.
The air strikes against Khorasan followed lengthy surveillance of the group, U.S. officials said. They described it as a "network" of seasoned al Qaeda fighters with battlefield experience mostly in Pakistan and Afghanistan, now working in league with al Qaeda's Syrian affiliate, the Nusra Front.
They have used the chaos of Syria's civil war as cover to try to devise new hard-to-detect bombs and recruit foreign militants holding Western passports to return home and eventually carry out attacks, U.S. officials said.
Security agencies do not believe that Khorasan has yet managed to recruit fighters with western passports, they said. (Additional reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Bill Trott and Grant McCool)
More:

The White House Finds Another Way To Irk The Journalists Who Cover Itreddit
Sometimes, it seems as if the White House is finding every way it can to annoy the reporters who cover the Obama administration.
White House journalists have complained over and over and over and over and over again about the ways the Obama press office has tried to restrict or hinder their activity — and that's before you even get to those Justice Department surveillance scandals .
Wednesday found yet another scuffle emerging — this time over the White House pool report, the daily chronicling of the president's activity which is compiled by reporters every day but distributed by the White House itself.
From the Washington Post:
Journalists who cover the White House say Obama’s press aides have demanded — and received — changes in press-pool reports before the reports have been disseminated to other journalists. They say the White House has used its unusual role as the distributor of the reports as leverage to steer coverage in a more favorable direction.
The disputed episodes involve mostly trivial issues and minor matters of fact. But that the White House has become involved at all represents a troubling trend for journalists and has prompted their main representative, the White House Correspondents’ Association, to consider revising its approach to pool reporting.
Read more details at the Post.
The solution? Cut the White House out of the process and have the WHCA distribute the report itself. That was a strategy that found favor on Twitter after the Post's report was published:
It's time to stop allowing WH to read and distribute pool reports. Never was OK (or SOP) to let WH censor them. http://t.co/9kuR6yP2fJ
— Ron Fournier (@ron_fournier) September 24, 2014
Hey media, how about stop whining about this, make your own .xls file of emails, and distribute the reports yourself? http://t.co/3Bu4imbKD1
— Andrew Exum (@abumuqawama) September 24, 2014
Always had good interactions w/press aides but reporters shouldn’t rely on W-House to distribute pool reports @farhip http://t.co/F5hAu6nEw9
— Peter Baker (@peterbakernyt) September 24, 2014
More:

An e-bike that breaks the chainLondon's £600m floating bike path
The Footloose is an electric bike, but rather than using a motor to provide assist when pedaling, the only direct link between the pedals and rear wheel is electronic. The pedals power an alternator instead of a chain ring, and send power to a lithium-ion battery pack. That battery powers a motor in the back hub, which is controlled with a thumb throttle. The 250-watt motor is dual-wound, and shifts motor speeds when it encounters a slope, thanks to what the company calls that an “artificial intelligence gear shifter.” No matter the terrain, the rider moves along at a steady pace, pedaling leisurely as if on a bike path through a city park.
While eliminating the dreaded greasy trouser leg, going chainless has another advantage: it allows the bike to fold compactly. Designer Mark Sanders – who has previously designed electric and folding bikes for Pacific Cycles , and the amazingly collapsible, if improbably triangular, Strida bicycle – created an ingenious folding mechanism for the Footloose that allows the 48-pound bike to be rolled on both wheels into subway or office, or lifted easily into the trunk of a car.
Range is 18 miles on full charge, or 28mi with pedal charging along the way, and the Footloose is good for a top speed of 15mph. Riders can charge the bike from a household outlet, or pedal to top off the battery. One could, conceivably, pump through one’s own personal spin class in the garage, and then zip around, perspiration- and guilt-free, on Li-ion-stored muscle power. It’s personal mobility meets personal motivation.
Beyond its home market of Korea, the Footloose is presently on sale in some key e-bike markets, including most of western Europe, the US, the UAE, Russia and Singapore. The price, unlike the bike itself, is a fairly hefty $4000.
Nobody said progress was going to be cheap.
Footloose in Paris. (Halla Meister Ltd)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Apple Pulls Buggy Update Just After Releasing Itreddit
Apple pulled back the latest update to its operating system on Wednesday -- just hours after it had released it -- due to a major bug in the system, according to tech website Recode .
“We have received reports of an issue with the iOS 8.0.1 update," an Apple spokesperson told The Huffington Post . "We are actively investigating these reports and will provide information as quickly as we can. In the meantime we have pulled back the iOS 8.0.1 update.”
People who had updated from iOS 8 to iOS 8.0.1 were having problems with Touch ID, the fingerprint identification system, and lost cell service. Or so they said on Twitter.
Do NOT update to iOS 8.0.1 just yet. Many, including myself, are experiencing no cell service, and broken Touch ID. Well done, Apple.
— Howard Pinsky (@IceflowStudios) September 24, 2014
iOS 8.0.1 deleted my wifi settings, broke Touch ID and still says "No Service". I cannot recommend this update.
— Brent Jensen (@BrentDJensen) September 24, 2014
After iOS 8.0.1 update, my iPhone 6 no longer has voice/LTE service, and Touch ID no longer works. #danger #warning
— Kristopher Johnson (@OldManKris) September 24, 2014
Everyone is saying iOS 8.0.1 knocks out cell service. At last, the iPhone is perfect.
— Tim Siedell (@badbanana) September 24, 2014
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
More:

When To Trust Or Not Trust A Credit Repair Servicereddit
Credit repair can be a very spammy business, so much so that the government has gone to great lengths to regulate the services as much as possible. Even though there are rules that credit repair services must abide by, it doesn't mean that all of them do. So when can you trust your credit repair service? Here are some guidelines to follow:
Not Trust: If they guarantee they'll raise your credit score.
This is a big red flag. Credit reports and the credit bureaus can be fickle. In addition, everyone's credit report is different. If your credit report is free of errors and doesn't have much wiggle room for negotiation with lenders, it may be extremely difficult to raise your credit score. If they guarantee they can raise your credit score without even looking at your credit report, it is a good sign that they may just be after your money.
Trust: If they let you drive the ship.
Credit repair services are experts (for the most part) on how to handle credit report situations, so letting them advise you on the areas to focus on can be a good idea. However, if a credit repair service is pressuring you to focus on a certain area of your credit report to fix, especially an area you don't want them to focus on, or is not letting you give any input into what they should be doing, they may be trying to prolong the process, which will cost you more money in the end. Pick a service that is going to let you choose the best plan of action for fixing your credit.
Not Trust: If they make you pay in advance.
The Credit Repair Organizations Act (CROA), which is monitored by the Federal Trade Commission, doesn't allow credit repair services to ask for money unless they have completed services that were already agreed on. Some credit repair services ask for an initial fee, which is legal, but if they ask for payment for services up front before completing any work, that is a big red flag.
Trust: If they have a convenient cancellation policy.
The CROA also specifies that credit repair services must offer certain cancellation rights, which means you should be able to cancel the services within a certain amount of time. Most of the top credit repair services are month-to-month, so you can even cancel after your first month if you are not satisfied.
As an added bonus, a few credit repair services offer a guarantee, not that they'll raise your credit score, but that they will complete the work that you agreed upon. Sky Blue Credit Repair actually offers a guarantee if you were not pleased with their service in any way, which is unusual for a credit repair service.
Not Trust: If everything is not in writing.
By law, all credit repair services must present all contracts in writing. Get everything in writing. Everything. If the service promises things, like raising your credit score or removing a specific item from your credit report, but does not include those promises in your contract, you should think twice before using that service. In general, you should never trust a service that does not include a contract in writing.
Trust: If they make you pull your own credit report.
Credit repair services are not allowed to pull your credit report for you. Some credit repair services have deals with certain credit bureaus, like Experian, so they have access to your Experian credit report without having to pull it. However, any credit repair service that pulls your three-bureau credit report for you is probably not playing by the FTC rules.
Not Trust: If they delay the process.
Credit repair services usually charge by the month, so the longer it takes them to fix your credit, the more they get paid. Stay on top of the credit repair service and make sure they aren't delaying things on purpose. If they are disputing a negative item on your report, it is law that the credit bureaus can only take 30 days to make a decision, so if it's been over a month, you should contact your credit repair service and ask about the progress.
Not sure which credit repair services to trust? Here is a good comparison of the two top credit repair services, Sky Blue Credit Repair and Lexington Law , as well as a list of the top credit repair services with details about each.
Close

Why Are Women So Underrepresented in the Retail Automotive Businessreddit
I was doing some research for an article I was working on for BestRide.com, and came across Ward's Top 100 MegaDealers ranking for 2014 , which comes out every March. The first thing I noticed when I scrolled down the list of dealer principals is they're almost exclusively men. Just five women stand out on that list of 100 in 2014. You can argue that most businesses aren't friendly to women in leadership positions, but there are half as many women leading Ward's Top 100 as there are in the top 100 companies on the Fortune 1000 list.
That's just the start. From dealer principal right on down to the lowest position on the sales floor, women simply are missing in action. According to CNW Marketing Research , women only hold 13.4 percent of all sales positions at any given car dealership.
RELATED: In Scotland, Women Ran An Entire Car Company
You have to pick "Major League Baseball Team Owner" to find a category less populated by females. Even when you factor administrative positions into the mix, women occupy only 21.4 percent of all positions in an auto dealership.
It's not like women don't own cars, and it's not like they aren't actively involved in their purchase. Women now have more drivers' licenses than men, according to a study by Frost & Sullivan . An NBCUniversal poll suggested that women were the primary purchasers of 60 percent of all new cars, 53 percent of all used cars, and have at least some influence on 85 percent of all auto purchases.
And it's not like women can't sell big ticket items. At the retail level, women make up 43 percent of the real estate industry (though they're underrepresented in leadership positions in that industry, as well.)
And it's also not like they feel more comfortable buying cars from men. In 2010, CNW Market Research asked women if they were more comfortable buying cars from women or men; 47.3 percent of women suggested that they'd be much happier buying a car from someone of the same gender.
RELATED: Mary Barra's Appearance Before Congress
At least on the surface, a career in retail auto sales seems like it would be a good fit for women, who often need the flexibility in their schedules that auto sales can offer.
Stephanie Holland thinks its partly because the industry as a whole is just starting to recognize the power of women in the car market. "Until women are included in the top-level decisions, chances are good that the new cars and messages will continue to be off-base," she says. On her She-Conomy blog , she made mention of the fact that at auto shows around the country, cars are usually flanked by women in less-than-professional dress. "If you are charged with effectively connecting with the female market, consider putting female marketers in charge - not short dresses. While this might be appealing to men, the majority of women will assume your car cannot stand on it's own. That you need gimmicks to attain their attention. Quit trying to market to women through male lenses."
The OEM side of the automotive business seems to at least be trying. Since 2001, General Motors has run a dealership development program specifically for women. Ford and Toyota have followed suit. Of course, GM has also placed Mary Barra at the very top of the org chart. But more than a dozen years later, the fact remains that automotive dealerships are almost exclusively staffed by men.
The only way an automotive retail career becomes more attractive for women is that leaders in those dealerships actively encourage women to work there. In an article entitled "Closing the High Tech Gender Gap" for the MIT Technology Review , Sangeeta N. Bhatia -- winner of the $500,000 Lemelson-MIT Prize for technology wrote, "It's worth noting that the people in my life who have seen more for me than I saw for myself, who believed in me and promoted me, were mostly men."
That's exactly how the gender mix changes at the retail automotive level: By encouraging women to take part, and promoting them when they succeed.
Follow Craig Fitzgerald on Twitter: www.twitter.com/vespafitz
More:

Why the Climate Movement Cannot Ignore Tradereddit
This past weekend, I joined more than 400,000 community members on the frontlines of climate disruption, environmentalists, workers, students, parents, and others to demand action on climate and to claim our collective rights to clean water, air, and land.
As someone who has spent many years in the halls of Congress and United Nations climate conventions calling for strong climate action, this diverse, public, outspoken, and in-the-streets action was a beautiful, incredible feat that signals a tipping point in the climate movement that policymakers will not be able to ignore.
But there is another tipping point that will affect the success of the climate movement: the free trade tipping point.
The health of our planet depends on our ability to make big changes in our economy.  These changes include moving beyond fossil fuels and building local green economies. However, our current model of free trade, which is written into agreements of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and free trade pacts like the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), threatens nearly every aspect of this much-needed economic transition. And yet, the U.S. is currently negotiating massive new free trade pacts, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) with 11 Pacific Rim nations and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) with the European Union. These deals would severely restrict the ability of governments to restructure our economy and address the climate crisis.
If these deals are beat-back, we can open up space for governments to embrace a new model of trade that is compatible with -- even supports -- efforts to combat the climate crisis. If these agreements move forward, they lock in a new set of rules that will further hinder our ability to solve the climate crisis.
Let's take a deeper look at just how our trade rules are getting in the way of climate progress.
Corporate challenges to climate and clean energy policies: In order to combat the climate crisis, we must move beyond fossil fuels and embrace clean energy. However, investment rules in free trade agreements and bilateral investment treaties threaten our ability to do so. The rules actually empower corporations to sue governments, in the secrecy of private trade tribunals, over laws and policies that corporations allege reduce their profits, including protections from dirty fossil fuels. Such rules have allowed corporations including Chevron and ExxonMobil to launch nearly 600 challenges against almost 100 governments. Increasingly, corporations are using these perverse rules in free trade and investment agreements to challenge energy and climate policies, including a moratorium on fracking in Quebec , a nuclear energy phase-out and new coal-fired power plant standards in Germany, and requirement for a pollution clean-up in Peru. Nearly 60 percent of so-called investor-state cases are decided in favor of the investor (making taxpayers foot the bill to the corporation or investor) or settle (sometimes weakening the policy, as happened in Germany ). When governments "win," they just get to keep the policy in place and are often stuck with part of a legal tab averaging $8 million per case.
Unfettered exports of fossil fuels: The vast majority of fossil fuel reserves must stay in the ground in order to avoid climate catastrophe. We have to move beyond fossil fuels here at home and stop exporting them to other countries. Current free trade rules once again stand in the way. The U.S., for example, is legally bound to automatically approve all exports of natural gas to countries with which it has a free trade pact. (If no free trade pact is in place, the Department of Energy must conduct a public analysis to determine whether exports are inconsistent with the public interest before granting a license.) And there is increased talk of a potential free-trade challenge to current U.S. restrictions on crude oil exports. In fact, the EU is pressuring the U.S. to lift its crude oil export restrictions in the context of its negotiations on TTIP, the U.S. EU trade pact. According to Oil Change International , lifting the crude oil export ban would lead to 9.9 billion barrels of additional crude between 2015 and 2050, which would release as much carbon dioxide as 42 coal-fired power plants.
Restricting local and low-carbon economies: Another part of solving the climate puzzle relates to production and consumption: We need to start producing and using products, from our food to our energy, closer to home. Sadly, the current trend is to produce goods wherever labor is cheapest and environmental protections are lowest and ship them across the world. (This trend, incidentally, was made possible--even encouraged--by free trade rules.) But think about the endless benefits, both for our climate and for the creation of new green jobs, of producing wind turbines and solar panels locally. In fact, strong domestic renewable energy industries may be one of the most powerful tools to combat climate disruption. The transition to a clean energy economy depends on local renewable energy industries that can challenge the power of the fossil fuel industry.
Governments across the world recognize the benefits of renewable energy programs that create green jobs. From Ontario, Canada to India--in addition to a number of U.S. states--governments are increasingly using "local content rules" that require enterprises to purchase or use locally-manufactured goods in renewable energy programs. But a long-standing tenant of trade law is that governments cannot "privilege" local goods or producers over foreign ones, so there have been a string of cases at the WTO challenging local content rules in renewable energy programs. Japan and the EU have used WTO challenges to strike Ontario, Canada's local content rule out of its clean energy program; the U.S. is challenging local content rules in India's national solar program ; India has, in turn, threatened a number of U.S. state-based renewable energy programs ; China is threatening local content rules in EU renewable energy programs , and the list goes on.
Unfortunately, the trade rules described above are a small sample of the myriad rules that make it difficult to bring about what the 400,000-plus people marching the streets of New York City want -- strong action on climate.
But, all of this is not reason to despair--it's a reason to organize.
Bigger and badder threats from the fossil fuel industry have set a fire under the climate movement. New, dangerous trade deals such as the TPP and TTIP, which threaten health, environmental, and worker protections, have set ablaze another movement of trade justice advocates. If we can combine the force of these movements and continue to strengthen our work, the power of our movements will tip our governments to act on behalf of the people instead of on behalf of the polluters. The climate movement must stand up to the free trade rules and ideology that helped get us into this climate mess and that will thwart our ability to solve it and say, "enough is enough."
Follow Ilana Solomon on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ilana_solomon1
More:

My Conversation With Gail Sheehyreddit
Tonight on PBS I'm joined by best-selling writer and journalist Gail Sheehy, who, throughout her distinguished career, has profiled many of the world's most influential people.   Her latest book is a memoir is titled Daring:  My Passages, in which she urges all of us to take more chances and dare to do what we might think is beyond our abilities.
In this clip I asked Gail Sheehy, who interviewed Hillary Clinton many times over the decades, if she thinks the country is now ready for a woman president.
For more of our conversation, be sure to tune in to Tavis Smiley on PBS. Check our website for your local TV listings: www.pbs.org/tavis .
Follow Tavis Smiley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tavissmiley
More:

America s 15 fastest-growing new-home marketsAustin, Texas, is Metrostudy's No. 10 fastest-growing new-home market in America.
Austin, Texas, is Metrostudy's No. 10 fastest-growing new-home market in America. (Mark Davis/Getty)
Caption Nashville, Tenn.
Dove Wedding Photography
Nashville, Tenn., home of the Country Music Hall of Fame, is Metrostudy's No. 12 fastest-growing new-home market in America.
Nashville, Tenn., home of the Country Music Hall of Fame, is Metrostudy's No. 12 fastest-growing new-home market in America. (Dove Wedding Photography)
See more galleries
Metrostudy does a 100 percent count within markets across the country of move-ins into newly-built homes. This is a powerful and reliable measure of end-user demand. The top two markets have outsized percentage changes because they are starting from a low base number. In terms of the large markets, Central Florida has seen a 24.3 percent increase in new home demand in the past year, and Charlotte, N.C., has seen a 23.4 percent. Atlanta, which was savaged by the downturn, has seen a 22.9 percent increase. New home construction is picking up in all of these markets, as builders scramble to meet increased demand.

Do You Have To Pay Income Taxes On Social Security Benefitsreddit
Dear Carrie,
From what I've read, if a married couple has annual withdrawals from 401(k)s, IRAs or pensions that exceed a certain amount, their Social Security benefits may be taxed. Is that true?
-- A Reader
Dear Reader,
You're absolutely right. When it comes to income taxes, many people think only of the money they earn in a paycheck. But the reality is that there are many other types of income that are subject to ordinary income taxes. And all of that income, in turn, can trigger taxes on Social Security benefits -- which can come as an unwelcome surprise.
To determine whether your Social Security benefits will be taxed, the IRS uses what it calls your "combined income" -- which is the sum of your adjusted gross income (AGI), non-taxable interest, and half of your Social Security benefits. If your combined income exceeds a certain limit, 50 to 85 percent of your benefits may be taxed.
All this is probably enough to send you running to your accountant. But before you do, let's go over some of the facts so you can have a more meaningful discussion.
Retirement account withdrawals that are subject to income tax
A withdrawal from a retirement account is considered to be ordinary income and is taxed as such with a few exceptions, depending on the type of account. Here are the most common retirement accounts and how they're taxed:
Traditional IRA, 401(k), 403(b) or other employer-sponsored plan: Earnings and pre-tax contributions are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. If you made after-tax contributions, a portion of your withdrawal will be taxable and a portion will be tax-free.
Roth IRA and Roth 401(k): Both contributions and earnings are income tax-free once you reach age 59½ and you've held the account for 5 years.
Pension: If all contributions were made with pre-tax dollars, withdrawals are treated as ordinary income.
Annuity: It depends on the type of annuity. Any gain from purchased annuities, such as fixed and variable annuities, is treated as ordinary income. Best to talk to your tax advisor.
Other sources of taxable income
Many retirees have other sources of income besides retirement accounts. So it's important to remember that taxable income also can include self-employment income, as well as unearned income such as dividends and interest, capital gains and U.S. Savings Bonds.
Alimony, unemployment compensation, gambling winnings or lottery winnings are additional sources of taxable income.
How much income you can have before benefits are taxed
As I mentioned, whether or not your Social Security benefits will be taxed depends on your combined income. For 2014, a married couple filing jointly with combined income under $32,000 ($25,000 for single filers) won't pay income taxes on their benefits.
However, if their income is between $32,000 and $44,000 ($25,000-$34,000 for single filers), up to 50 percent of Social Security benefits may be subject to ordinary income taxes. If their income exceeds $44,000 ($34,000 for singles), up to 85 percent of benefits may be taxed.
Here's a simple example: In 2013, Ted and Marsha each withdrew $20,000 from their 401(k)s. They also had $1,000 in dividends and interest. They had no deductions, so their AGI was $41,000. They also had $1,500 in non-taxable interest income, and together they collected $36,000 in Social Security benefits. Their combined income for purposes of computing the taxability of Social Security benefits (the tax-exempt interest is still non-taxable) was $42,500 plus $18,000 (half of their Social Security benefits) for a total of $60,500, putting them well over the $44,000 limit. You can see how easily it adds up.
What you can do about it
If paying taxes on your Social Security benefits seems inevitable, you can strategize a bit to help minimize the pain. First, if you haven't yet filed for benefits, think about the best time for you and your spouse. It may be wise for one or the other of you to delay filing for benefits, not only to keep taxes low, but also to let your benefits grow.
Then, as you plan or refine your retirement income strategy, take a look at all your sources of income (including required minimum distributions from retirement accounts once you reach 70 ½) and divide them into taxable and non-taxable categories. See how much of your retirement expenses you can cover from sources not subject to ordinary income taxes. If possible, keep withdrawals from your retirement accounts low enough to stay in a lower tax bracket -- and potentially lower the percentage of Social Security benefits that may be taxed.
Now talk to your accountant
Once you've looked at the broad numbers, you can use calculators on the Social Security website to explore different scenarios and determine how much you may be taxed. But to really get a handle on the numbers, I suggest talking to your accountant.
If you do have to pay taxes, you can make quarterly estimated tax payments or choose to have federal taxes withheld from your benefits. Whichever you decide, at least there won't be any surprises.
Looking for answers to your retirement questions? Check out Carrie's new book, "The Charles Schwab Guide to Finances After Fifty: Answers to Your Most Important Money Questions."
Read more at http://www.schwab.com/book . You can e-mail Carrie at askcarrie@schwab.com. This column is no substitute for an individualized recommendation, tax, legal or personalized investment advice. Where specific advice is necessary or appropriate, consult with a qualified tax advisor, CPA, financial planner or investment manager.
COPYRIGHT 2014 CHARLES SCHWAB & CO., INC. MEMBER SIPC. (0914-5693)
Close

White Castle Tests Veggie Slidersreddit
Continuing its push to update the brand and innovate on the menu, White Castle is stepping up its interest in Veggie Sliders.
The chain has contacted loyalists by email to ask if a Veggie Slider would appeal to them enough to bring them to a White Castle restaurant. Additionally it is asking consumers to rate the appeal of different spicy topping sauces for the Veggie Sliders, including a Chipotle-Lime and one seasoned with harissa, a Middle Eastern chile blend.  Veggie Sliders with no sauce also is an option.
White Castle said in July that it was testing the Veggie Sliders with Avocado Ranch Sauce (above) at 99¢ each in a handful of New York and New Jersey stores. The company said then that the 180-calorie patty is vegan and supplied by Dr. Praeger's Sensible Foods. Perhaps consumers found the sauce-less Veggie Sliders too bland.
With 2013 sales of $533 million, White Castle is the 13th largest burger chain, according to Technomic. It also is one of the oldest, having opened its first location in 1921. But the chain has been working hard to be contemporary in operations and menu. It has introduced an online ordering mobile app, for example.
The chain has had fun changing up its famous square, steamed burgers, too. The current promotion features "Slider Italiano Fest." The three LTOs are a Crispy Chicken Italiano Slider, Pizza Slider and Grilled Chicken Italian Slider, all with marinara sauce and mozzarella. A special online offer is the Famiglia Meal: 10 Pizza Sliders, 20 sacks of fries and a 20-piece serving of Chicken Rings for $19.99.
Earlier this year it tried Sriracha Chicken Sliders and breakfast LTOs that included Belgian Waffle Sandwiches (Bacon, Egg & Cheese; Chicken & Waffles; Sausage, Egg & Cheese).
White Castle has sold its Original Restaurant Blend Coffee in supermarkets since 1996. Earlier this year it began offering its coffee in single-serve K-Cups as well. It sells its sliders at retail as well and recently began offering frozen Jalapeno Cheeseburgers.
Follow BurgerBusiness on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BurgerBusiness
More:

Were Watching You  Wisconsin Public Service CommissionCommentary about business and finance.
Sept. 24 2014 3:57 PM
We’re Watching You, Wisconsin Public Service Commission
A fight over rooftop solar panels could decide America’s energy future.
By Josh Voorhees
 
The roof of Jetro Restaurant Depot in the Bronx is covered with solar panels, seen here on Jan. 17, 2014. In a number of states, utilities are lobbying to rewrite rules to de-incentivize customers from buying or leasing rooftop solar panels.
Photo by Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images
On Monday, Google announced that it was cutting ties with the American Legislative Exchange Council, the powerful Koch-backed conservative group that, among other things, opposes government action to combat climate change. “Everyone understands climate change is occurring and the people who oppose it are really hurting our children and our grandchildren,” Google’s Eric Schmidt said on NPR’s Diane Rehm Show, adding for good measure: “And so we should not be aligned with such people—they’re just, they’re just literally lying.”
Josh Voorhees
Josh Voorhees is a Slate senior writer. He lives in Iowa City. 
The conservative group, which has been steadfast in its opposition to the Environmental Protection Agency’s efforts to curb carbon emissions, was quick to shake off Google’s high-profile defection, attributing it to “public pressure from left-leaning individuals and organizations who intentionally confuse free market policy perspectives for climate change denial.” Take a closer look at ALEC’s priorities, though, and there’s evidence that the group’s commitment to “free market policy perspectives” is less resolute than its climate denialism. Consider, for instance, ALEC’s push to squash the nascent rooftop solar industry.
ALEC and its allies are currently lobbying state lawmakers and regulatory commissioners to rewrite industry rules regarding solar panels. The apparent goal: to ensure that customers with rooftop panels pay more each month and to make would-be adopters think twice about paying the upfront cost of installation. ALEC’s anti-solar attacks have drawn friendly fire from self-identified Tea Party groups who see the effort as anything but free-market friendly. Groups like Barry Goldwater Jr.’s TUSK America say that a user fee is just a new tax aimed at limiting consumer choice—exactly the type of argument you’d normally hear from a conservative firm like ALEC. Liberals and other solar proponents, meanwhile, see the push as the latest example of utilities and fossil fuel producers doing whatever it takes to protect their bottom lines. And no matter what side you’re on, it’s clearly counterproductive to make solar energy less attractive given the prevalence of big-dollar federal and state initiatives currently aimed at making the cost of solar competitive with that of fossil fuels.
Advertisement
The solar fight is taking place in at least a dozen states, and its outcome won’t just shape the future of the rooftop solar industry—it will also play a major role in deciding how Americans pay to keep their lights on. If the utilities get their way, they’ll preserve the profit-producing status quo of the natural monopolies that are many Americans’ only option when it comes to buying electricity. If the solar side wins, it could conceivably open the door for a fundamental reshaping of the system, creating small but serious competition for power companies in a market currently devoid of challengers.
To be clear, utility companies, which burn coal and other fossil fuels to generate most of their electricity, aren’t necessarily anti-solar. Their concerns lie with the rooftop panels being installed on homes and businesses around the country. An oft-cited  estimate from the solar industry suggests that on average someone in the United States installs a new solar panel system every four minutes, up from one every 80 minutes in 2006. While solar still accounts for only two-tenths of 1 percent of the nation’s electricity , that does little to ease the worries of utilities, who rightly view the rooftop panels as an existential threat given that they allow consumers to become their own energy producers. Such fears will only grow as the technology becomes cheaper and as companies develop cost-effective ways for homeowners to store the excess energy their panels produce.
One of the utilities’ main complaints about residential solar is that homeowners and businesses get to sell their excess energy back to the grid at a set price. Forty-three states have such “net metering” rules in place, ensuring that unused solar energy doesn’t go to waste but also cutting into power companies’ profits. The utilities contend that government-mandated rates don’t take into account the wear and tear on the grid itself and that they’ll be forced to pass on the cost of infrastructure upkeep to consumers via their monthly electricity bills. The pro-solar crowd believes that doesn’t take into consideration that the utilities benefit from wider solar use, which provides the grid with a clean, reliable source of electricity when it needs it most: on hot, sunny days when residents crank up their air conditioners.
(Continued from Page 1 )
What is not in dispute is that the utilities believe their business model hinges on undercutting the rooftop solar industry before it matures. A 2013  report by the Edison Electric Institute , a leading utility group, made it clear that forcing consumers who sell their surplus back to the grid to pay more for the privilege was a “near-term, must-consider action.” The group’s big worry is that as more and more solar power–producing homes pay less and less each month, the cost for traditional consumers will go up, making a jump to solar that much more appealing. If utilities wait until that starts happening, the Edison report warned, “it may be too late to repair the utility business model.”
And so the industry isn’t waiting. In the 20 months since that report was published, utilities have taken aim at rooftop solar (and to a lesser extent, small-scale wind projects) in at least 12 states, lobbying regulatory commissions and statehouses to rewrite rules to de-incentivize customers from buying or leasing rooftop solar panels. While each proposal is different, most share the common goal of forcing people who install solar panels on their rooftops to pay for both the electricity they buy from the grid and for a portion of the electricity they sell back to it.
One such effort is currently underway in Wisconsin. The state’s largest utility, We Energies, has filed a proposal with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission to pay solar users less for the energy they sell back to the grid and to force all customers, solar and nonsolar alike , to pay a larger fixed fee for hooking up to the grid in the first place. Such a change would be good for the utility’s bottom line but could be potentially devastating to the rooftop industry, reducing the incentive for a would-be solar customer to buy or lease rooftop panels. It could also wreak havoc on the budgets of early adopters who have already invested in the technology.
The bigger-picture concern with the Wisconsin proposal and others like it is that it leaves homes and businesses with less of a financial reason to cut energy waste, regardless of whether they have rooftop solar panels. If more of your bill is set at a fixed rate, then it makes less sense to monitor your monthly electricity allotment. You don’t have to be a liberal environmentalist to think that decreasing consumers’ incentives to reduce their energy usage is a bad idea.
Top Comment
We should consider using energy industry lobbyists as a fuel source and subsidize it.   More...
-Loki Thegod
Join In
The Wisconsin Public Service Commission—a regulatory panel made up of a pair of Republican-appointed commissioners and a single Democrat-appointed one—is expected to decide later this year whether the proposed changes will be implemented. Across the country, the odd coalition of conservative and liberal pro-solar groups has thus far managed to fight the utilities and their deep-pocketed allies to a draw. Most of the industry’s biggest victories have simply kept the door open for user fees in the future, as was the case in Oklahoma and Utah earlier this year. The one exception is in Arizona, where utilities were able to win a small $5 user fee but not the $50 to $100 they were originally asking for.
At this point, two big questions remain. The first is whether the utilities can find a way to snuff out residential rooftop solar and other renewable alternatives before they reach critical mass. The second is whether the industry’s goal of killing rooftop solar will backfire, driving more customers to take the solar plunge and pushing the rooftop industry to maturity that much sooner. Whatever the final outcome, this much is clear: Little-known groups like the Wisconsin Public Service Commission will have a huge effect on America’s energy future.

There Arent Enough Marriageable MenShutterstock/Champion studio
In 2012, a record one-in-five Americans 25 or older had never been married, the Pew Research Center reported today .* This wasn't surprising, as matrimony has been on a decline for decades now. However, Pew did offer an extremely elegant, two-part illustration of the role economics have played in that process.
Part I: What are America’s young, unmarried women looking for in a mate? A steady job.
Advertisement
Part II: What do young, unmarried men lack? Steady jobs. For every 100 never married women between the ages of 25 and 34, there are just 91 employed and never-married men the same age. Where once America had a surplus of working single men, now it has a shortage.*
A dearth of eligible bachelors isn't the only reason marriage has been on the wane. Young people are getting married later in part because they spend more time in school. Back in the day, couples got hitched, then got settled financially; today, they prefer to get their finances in line first. Oh, and then there's birth control, changing social mores about sex out of marriage, etc.
But economics are an obvious and unavoidable dimension of the issue. That's why it's far-fetched to think we can revive the institution of marriage in a meaningful way without addressing the underlying forces that have left young men in such shabby financial shape.  
*Correction, Sept. 24, 2014: This post originally misstated that Pew's report was released Tuesday. It was published Wednesday. It also misstated that the number of employed and never-married men between the ages of 25 and 34 for every 100 never-married women the same age. There are 91, not 90.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

A Death Row-Themed Restaurant Is About To Happen  People Aren t Stokedreddit
It's called  Death Row Dinners and it's an eerily interesting pop-up restaurant concept opening up in Hoxton (London). For those who are continuously in a 1st-world rut about their life and contemplate what it'd be like to be incarcerated without the hassle of slapping a judge during a traffic violation contesting, this might be the dinner experience for you.
The group behind the event posted their first promotional Instagram/Tweet on June 12, 2014 and have a full-fledged website explaining the experience , unfortunately void of any food pics.
Apparently some folks think the entire restaurant concept is in bad taste. The experience seems rather intense, here's a quote from their website:
"On the night of your incarceration, you will join 80 fellow inmates and experience a night behind the bars of one of London's toughest high security restaurants where our prison chefs serve up a 5 course feast of their culinary twists on some of death rows most interesting and popular last dinners."
You don't need to know anymore than that really, but prepare to be charged, sentenced, searched and frisked.
While all this seems good and dandy, it looks like the concept might not see the light of day due to the alleged backlash. Here's the latest statement from the Death Row Dinners Club:
"We're shocked and saddened by the response to Death Row Dinners and are genuinely very sorry for any offence caused.  The pop up is intended to explore the concept of last meals; anyone who has ever been to a dinner party has probably had this conversation - what would they love their last meal to be.
In light of the response to the idea we are considering our next steps and will update everyone with our decision." -- Death Row Dinners
That said, as of the time of this article being written you can purchase the "meal ticket" for £50.00 for several different dates in October and November.

A Tale of Two Cities  from Lincoln Center Plaza to Rana Plazareddit
As New York Fashion Week recedes to a memory, it strikes me that there are two very different worlds of fashion. For most outsiders, New York Fashion Week epitomizes the fashion industry: celebrities, couture, runway shows, glossy magazines and after-parties where It-girls, designers, bloggers and editors rub shoulders.
But while the cameras were flashing, the garment district -- just 10 minutes south of New York's Lincoln Center -- is bustling with other realities.
The morning after, as many woke up with champagne-infused hangovers and thousands of 'likes' from last night's Instagram pics, I woke up to a disgruntled factory owner, a retailer asking for a chargeback and an endless flow of emails outlining all the problems in my current production. And the one bright spot, an order from a major retailer, but I see they'd countered all my prices to a point where I'd be selling every piece at a loss. It is just another day in the "glamorous" world of fashion. When I am asked whether Fashion Week is a busy time for me, I laugh. I am so far removed from that world, I might as well be sitting in Bangladesh.
At this level, the industry is struggling to remain relevant. Fast fashion, off-price retailers and a sluggish economy have changed the consumer's spending appetite. Many prominent brands have lost their caché, and the consolidation of department stores has led to fewer places for them to sell. Increased global costs and the media's scrutiny of compliance have put intense pressure on how these companies can manufacture.
There is a stark difference between what I do and what people perceive -- a vast misconception of what our industry actually does on a day-to-day basis. Rather than chasing trends, I'm chasing factory owners at 2 a.m. for my delayed goods shipments. And deciding what to manufacture is based more on sell-through data and margin requirements than on anything like style, trend or a designer's unique point of view. When it comes to colors, it's not just about what's hot, but is about understanding what colors work for each retailer. Manufacturing comes down to what different consumers in different parts of the world, the country, the city will buy, rather than what a designer envisions.
While the "fashion" industry is a trillion-dollar global business, very few of us get to create couture gowns for celebrities or travel to Milan to handpick the finest silks. Paris runways, have on the whole, been replaced by sweater factories in Bangladesh. A fashion house can easily spend upwards of $100,000 producing a 30-minute runaway show. But when it comes to making jeans, many times getting a buyer to sign off on a $6 jean is a challenge, much less getting a retailer to pay $1500 for a factory audit of compliance standards, or even less likely, getting a factory to pick up the cost when they fail to meet those standards.
Designers may attract the limelight, but major retailers and brands like Zara, H&M, PVH and Gap are the ones outfitting the masses. We think of Tom Ford and Diane von Furstenburg as icons, and people covet tickets to their fashion shows -- but it's the mass-market brands that have the buying power. Consider the department stores that are outlets for high fashion clothing. Neiman Marcus has 40 locations worldwide, including Bergdorf Goodman; Nordstrom has about 275 stores, but more than half of them are off-price. In contrast, TJX has more than 1,000 stores, Gap has more than 3,000, and Inditex -- the biggest fashion group in the world, with brands such as Zara, Massimo Dutti and Bershka -- operates a whopping 6,200 stores globally.
What does this say about what clothing people are buying -- and more importantly, what price they're willing to pay for it?
There's the fashion industry, and then there's the apparel and textile industry -- the group of people toiling away in garment districts across the world. What I do is not about not creating trends, styling the rich and famous, or winning awards for my design innovation. I am catering to the 99 percent and creating clothing for the masses. Doing so requires an entirely different set of skills and ambitions. I'll never be remembered as a great designer -- no one will wear my name. Although I manufacture millions of units of clothing a year, outfitting more people in a year than some renowned designers will in a lifetime, I am a trader, a merchant, and a businessman finding opportunity in a marketplace.
It's important to keep the vision, creativity, and yes, glamour of fashion alive, but the industry also needs to train the next generation of apparel executives. I imagine very few designers go to school with hopes and dreams of one day designing $19.99 denim. But the reality, good or bad, is that most of the jobs in this field are not in couture -- and many students would, in fact, be fortunate to work for a major retailer developing their collections. They'd find more stability and benefits, with the trade-off of turning in the big, sparkly gamble of designing for themselves -- "making it" as a name fashion brand -- in exchange for designing for the consumer.
The apparel industry needs the sartorialists, tastemakers and innovators. They set the trends, and while at times it may take seasons -- or even years -- to trickle down to the masses, fast fashion retailers and discounters really do take their cues from what's happening at their level. New York Fashion Week, for all its glitz and glamour, offers only a teensy sliver of the reality of the apparel industry. And no wonder this is the sliver everyone wants to see -- who wouldn't rather be partying in the plaza in front of Lincoln Center than sweating it out (or, as last spring, risking life and limb) in the manufacturing houses in Rana Plaza, Bangladesh?
Founder and Publisher of Sourcing Journal , a publication that focuses on the retail apparel and textile industry, Edward Hertzman is also a private label manufacturer and an apparel sourcing agent.
More:

Kenya: Africa s Hottest Emerging Oil Exporterreddit
Not even the specter of a spillover of Islamic extremism from Somalia can dampen the atmosphere in Kenya, where commercial oil production is expected to begin in 2016 and discovery after discovery has made this the hottest and fastest-paced hydrocarbon scene on the continent.
When it comes to new oil and gas frontiers, today it's all about Africa. And more specifically, it's all about the eastern coast, with Kenya the clear darling -- not just because it's outpacing neighboring Uganda by leaps and bounds, but also because despite some political instability hiccups and the threat of militant al-Shabaab, it's still one of the safest venues in the region.
Six of the last 10 biggest finds have been in Africa, where -- all told -- there are some 130 billion barrels of crude oil waiting to be tapped by more than 500 companies, according to a recent report by PriceWaterhouseCoopers.
Topping this list are Kenya's Anza and South Lokichar basins where the discovery and development news has been fast-paced.
In the last days of August, Tullow Oil--the British explorer behind Kenya's oil discovery debut in 2012--announced another oil find that will extend the already proven South Lokichar basin " significantly northwards ".
Earlier this year, in May, Tullow and partner Africa Oil Corporation left a hefty impression on the market with the announcement of the country's first commercial oil discovery , worth $10 billion, in this basin.
And the next testing ground will be the neighboring Kerio Basin , which should get off the ground later this month, while there has been a flurry of attention lately surrounding the Ogaden basin where initial estimates are enough to send stocks soaring.
In the meantime, while bigger players such as Tullow and Africa Oil have benefited from the fame of their initial discoveries, they have also become burdened by the pressure of rising expectations for more discoveries. Not so the smaller players on this scene, who stand to benefit from the original discoveries and continued drilling--without the pressure. Investors will now be looking at who is poised to make the next discovery.
Africa Oil and Marathon are currently drilling an appraisal well on the Sala gas discovery in the Anza Graben Basin onshore Kenya, which will benefit other explorers with acreage just south of this, including UK-listed Afren Plc, UK-listed Tower Resources and Taipan Resources Inc (TPN-TSK), which has two onshore blocks in key basins. If these explorers come up with their own first find, it will be a superior risk-reward scenario.
In the Ogaden Basin, the market will certainly take notice of Afren's new estimates late last month that a large under-explored sub-basin, El Wak, contains up to 6.65 billion barrels of oil. If this estimate is accurate--and it comes in well above partner Taipan Resources' earlier estimates of about a quarter of that--they would be looking at the largest onshore target ever drilled anywhere in Africa. Later this year, Afren will be conducting seismic surveys to further define El Wak's potential, and investors will be watching closely.
The bigger picture, though, is of an East African country that has the advantage over its neighbors due to a convergence of add-on factors, including infrastructure aims , relative stability and what appears to be a smarter use of natural resources to generate more investment and economic growth, according to Jennifer Cooke of the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Among other planned infrastructure projects of a massive scale, discussions are under way for a pipeline from neighboring Uganda, which would pass through the South Lokichar basin and come close enough to some of the prime drilling areas that could be the site of Kenya's next discoveries.
The World Bank's approval in July of $50 million for the Kenyan government to boost its management and distribution of natural resource revenues, with an eye on long-term sustainable growth, has further boosted confidence in long-term sustainable growth.
In the meantime, political stability has also been given a slight reprieve with the International Criminal Court's (ICC) indefinite adjournment of the trial against Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta due to lack of evidence that he organized post-election ethnic violence in 2007.
But the security situation with the regrouping of the Somalia-based al-Shabaab militant group and an uptick of the group's apparent attacks on Kenya continue to be problematic, even more so because no one seems to be sure whether the threat is emanating entirely from al-Shabaab .
While this remains a clear threat, it has not affected exploration and development--and it certainly has done little to scare foreign investors from this hydrocarbon frenzy that is expected to continue over the next five years, further boosted by relatively cheap exploration licenses.
In this race, Kenya is the top contender, moving forward at double the speed of neighboring Uganda which discovered oil in 2006, six years before Kenya, but will lag a year behind the newcomer in terms of commercial production.
By James Stafford of Oilprice.com
Follow Oilprice.com on Twitter @OilandEnergy and join us on Facebook.
More:

U.S. Must Do Its Part to Support Green Climate Fundreddit
Among the blizzard of announcements made as part of the UN Climate Summit over the past few days, one that should not be lost in the storm is the pledge made by French President Francois Hollande to contribute $1 billion to the new Green Climate Fund. This announcement -- along with smaller but still significant contributions from Korea, Mexico, Denmark, and Norway -- will have a direct impact on the prospects for reaching a new international climate agreement next year in Paris.
Following on a $1 billion pledge from Germany , we at last see a pathway for the fund to meet its goal of a $10 billion initial capitalization -- if, that is, the United States and other key countries now follow suit. Only then can the fund get to work on its vital mission: to make strategic, paradigm-shifting investments that spur low-carbon growth and climate resilience in developing countries.
The need for such immediate investment is clear. The International Energy Agency found that global investments in clean energy technologies and energy efficiency must double to nearly $790 billion per year by 2020 -- and increase to $2.3 trillion per year by 2035 -- in order to avoid dangerous levels of warming. In addition, the World Bank determined that the cost for developing countries to adapt to even moderate warming will be at least $70 billion to $100 billion per year through 2050, which is over three times the current estimate of global adaptation investment.
To help address this shortfall, world leaders agreed to establish a Green Climate Fund back in 2009 as part of the Copenhagen Accord . The five years since have been spent developing the fund so that it can play an effective role within the larger ecosystem of public and private climate finance vehicles.
Getting the design right was critical and worth the wait -- but now that they have built the car, it needs gas to run. As the United States and others decide if and when they will follow the lead of Germany, France, and others with appropriately scaled contributions of their own, they should be encouraged by several features of the fund.
First, the fund is specifically designed to bring about systemic change . While easier said than done, it is important that the fund is structured so that project proposals are not merely assessed on a case-by-case basis, but in the full context of a country's economic development trajectory. This means identifying and filling those critical incremental financing gaps that will then unlock much larger funding streams, thereby enabling transformational change. Even if it's a relatively small financial contribution to the overall project, such investment can be the difference between success and failure. The United States, for instance, has found that one important tool in helping to mobilize clean energy investment in Africa has been targeted assistance with early stage project planning -- once the plans are in place, the private investment (and ultimately the electricity) begins to flow.
Second, the fund is jointly governed by developed and developing countries, and, if successful, can attract significant contributions from a bigger pool of countries than just traditional donors. Korea has stepped up to support and house the fund; Indonesia has already made a contribution and has indicated that it is prepared to increase its investment. China and others should be expected to follow suit. Not only will this help to ensure that the fund has the resources it needs, but it will give more countries a direct stake in its success and will encourage the participation of their private sectors as well.
Third, one of the fund's main objectives is to elevate investment in climate adaptation, which historically has trailed investment in emissions mitigation by a large margin. Adaptation measures, however, are increasingly necessary, as countries confront the effects of severe weather events and slow-onset events such as sea-level rise. The fund intends to support adaptation and mitigation activities equally over time.
Fourth, a core part of the fund's mission is mobilizing private finance, and it has embedded in its design a private sector facility with the mandate to determine new and innovative ways of using financial tools and limited public money to drive the vast amount of private investment that is needed to meet the climate challenge. Countries have learned a lot during the past few years about how to better engage the private sector on the climate challenge. For instance, the US Overseas Private Investment Cooperation, which works with the private sector to meet critical development challenges, increased its support for clean energy from $8.9 million in 2008 to $1.2 billion in 2013, leveraging many times more that in private investment. The Green Climate Fund needs to have success like this at a global scale.
The ultimate achievements of the Green Climate Fund will be known only over time, but countries -- both developed and emerging -- have it in their power to ensure that it gets off the ground. After five years, and with the impacts of climate challenge continuing to mount, the time to do that is now.
Peter Ogden is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress and former Director for International Climate Policy on the National Security Council. Gwynne Taraska is a Senior Policy Advisor specializing in U.S. and international climate and energy policy at the Center for American Progress and the Research Director of the Institute for Philosophy and Public Policy at George Mason University.
More:

Video s Popularity Rises and the Screens Converge: Fresh Steps to Fully Capitalizereddit
As autumn draws near and this year's final upfront results roll in, we're seeing a slightly softer TV ad market than in past years.  It's clear from the sheer magnitude of TV spending that the biggest screen is a persistent mainstay and high priority.  However, changes playing out this year also hint of desire among marketers to stay more flexible in the way they approach TV.
The explanation is likely rooted in the continuing growth of TV programs being watched on internet connected devices that suggests "TV" and "Digital" can no longer be viewed as completely separate media investments.  The rise in consumption of TV programming across screens, along with the quickening rate of overall connected TV adoption is making a true multi-screen video ad strategy feel more and more important to brands.
Some developments over the past year are shedding further light on video advertising's future, and the opportunity connected devices bring marketers to enhance consumers' experience with their favorite programming and brands.  There is strong evidence of a gradual yet steady march in the ad world to a full link up of digital rich video advertising with the new premium content ad opportunity that connected TVs now represents:
For one, the internet is feeding TV consumption in an increasingly seamless way  - 34 percent of U. S. homes already own a smart TV, 20 percent own a streaming device and a whopping 62 percent own a gaming console, all of which are being used, in part, to stream TV from the internet.  In addition, according to Parks Associates, 60 percent of connected TV homes are watching TV programs via the Internet, and a recent report from eMarketer states that, in 2015, the majority of US Internet users will be using a connected TV [1].
On top of the impact that the pure growth in internet video streaming on connected TVs being observed will likely have on the video ad strategy, the relationship between TV and tablet viewing is also getting closer.  As of Q1 2014, Parks Associates reports that ownership rates of tablets have quadrupled to 61 percent of broadband homes, with 41 percent making regular use of TV apps1.  Together these trends signal an important opportunity for advertisers, networks and TV providers alike, to deliver richer ad experiences to audiences across screens.
And, in a separate development this summer, NBCUniversal had a relatively strong showing in the upfronts ($6 billion vs. $5.4 billion last year) highlighting the potential impact that changing viewing habits may already be having on future TV spending.  NBCU demonstrated the appeal that cross-screen ad opportunities hold for marketers and their brands to reach TV audiences, efficiently and seamlessly across all.  We should expect to see more requests for ad inventory that is bundled and delivered across screens in 2015 from brands and agencies seeking to better reach target TV audiences regardless of where they are watching their favorite programming.
A survey by eMarketer earlier this year reinforces the point,  "75 percent of media planners are either planning for connected TV advertising opportunities now or will be this year [2]."  Another indication that in all that's already changed about connected behaviors and adoption, it's becoming less and less feasible to approach TV and digital as discreet and separate parts of a communication strategy driven by separate investment criteria.
In short, continued strong adoption of connected TV and the growth in internet streamed video viewed across mobile and online screens looks like a wave just building to full strength, with TV representing the final leg of the digital media stool.
Not surprisingly, according to the Accenture Interactive CMO Study 2014, 42 percent of executives expect "managing change" to be the biggest barrier to implementing digital business initiatives.  "The final piece that will make this transition possible will be the integration of online advertising capabilities that have already created new and innovative avenues for brands to successfully engage with consumers on the other screens [3]."
Just how popular video has become to us over the past few years is best revealed in this quote from Ron Harevo, president of video, AOL "...we're getting to a point where screen agnostic is the only way you can approach consumers, because they watch more videos on every platform...mobile and tablets are taking off and connected TV is the next new thing"
As digital device usage continues to grow, it's likely to become an important contributor to growth in video ad spending for years to come.  OTT streaming will exceed $14 billion in 2018 according to PWC, this compares with $4.6 billion in 2014.  It highlights well the strength and vitality of the US digital video ecosystem. "We're in the midst of perfect storm conditions with audience growth consumer habits, device ad options, content availability and ad opportunities spinning in a virtuous circle," said Harevo.
Converging workflows in a time of fundamentally changing behaviors and digital ad possibilities highlights the need for overcoming any limitations that current org structures and/or business processes have on the ability to truly optimize on a cross screen rich video ad strategy.
1. "The Evolution of Advanced TV Advertising Strategies." Parks Associates (2014)
2"Connected TV Ads Important for Future--but Few Know How to Buy Them." eMarketer. 15 May 2014.
3 "Content Kings: The Changing Landscape of TV Consumption." Digital Capital Advisors (2013).
Jacqueline Corbelli is the Founder, Chairman, CEO BrightLine, and Author of recently released book, REVEALED: Thoughts on the Connected Revolution
Follow Jacqueline Corbelli on Twitter
Follow Jacqueline Corbelli on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BrightLine_TV
More:

Innovation Starts with Youreddit
Every September for the last ten years, there is a gathering in Providence, RI that brings together people who are passionate about innovation and change. This year was #BIF10 , held by the Business Innovation Factory. While the summit is about innovation, after attending for the second time, I'm learning what really creates innovation isn't money, or disruptive ideas, it's people. One of my biggest takeaways from BIF last year didn't occur until after the summit was over.
What I learned firsthand was that the relationships we build and the people we connect ourselves with are the true sources of innovation. Imagine what would happen if we started looking at innovation through the relationships we create that begin with being vulnerable ourselves?
Start With One and Listen Deeply
When David Bolinsky began to tell us his story, it started with how he began getting involved in art, and eventually animation, in the medical field. While there were several important points he shared, most were masked in statements that got laughs from the audience. Just when we thought this was going to be a story about his animation, it turned out to be about a trip to China and his encounter with one young girl. I won't share the entire story, but you should watch it when it's available to learn how one conversation changed everything. The major takeaway for me was: we don't have to change a neighborhood, company or even the world to make an impact. We just need to listen to one person to change a life.
Stop Covering
Dorie Clark told us her personal story about often being mistaken for a boy when she entered the ladies bathroom. She learned how to turn this internal conflict into confidence. This set the stage for the rest of her talk that showed increased job satisfaction rates for those who were "out of the closet" compared to being "in the closet." What opened my eyes up, was the term "covering." Covering is when you aren't "in the closet" but you are not standing tall and proclaiming it. This could be the person who shares their sexual orientation with friends and family, but never talks about it at work. Or it could be seeing a doctor about your depression, but never letting friends and coworkers know about it. Over half of all Americans are covering, including almost half of all white, straight males. When we become vulnerable and stop covering, as Dories has successfully done, we no longer have anything to hide. We can start to become more productive and more creative through embracing ourselves for who we are.
Broken
Angela Blanchard shared an insight that most overlook: "You can't build on broken" Too often we tend to focus on what's not working and attempt to fix it. If the foundation is weak, everything you build upon it will eventually collapse. With the work that Angela and her team at Neighborhood Centers do in strengthening underserved Houston neighborhoods by bringing together resources, education, and connection by working with neighbors side by side, they focus on what is working, and why, and then build on that. You'll get more people to join in when it's not changing what they do, but amplifying what they are already doing that works.
Simplify
When he took over a team to train the Afghan Air Force, Colonel Matthew T. Fritz saw his budget and timeline slashed. One of the ways they innovated was by taking complex training processes, that were understandable to them, and getting input from others. What they learned, once they invited anyone they could find (rank, civilian, even the janitor), was that if you weren't familiar with the processes, they were in fact, extremely complicated. By the time they got the processes simplified, they successfully reduced the training times and have more Afghan planes being flown and maintained. By bringing in others' perspectives, they built solutions based on empathy and listening. The key to keeping it simple is to view it as others would, not as you do.
Community
Arlene Samen shared that understanding what will work comes from listening and building trust. Listening comes from trust that results from being part of a community, not an outsider implementing what you think will work. People in the community recognize you understand what is important to them because you have committed to learning from them and not trying to change them. By becoming part of these villages, Arlene and her organization have seen zero maternal deaths in Tibet. Effective solutions come from understanding the issue as a member of the community, not an outsider.
We are all innovators. If we start with ourselves, and the relationships we form, we have the building blocks for creating purposeful change that will touch the lives of many. And anything becomes possible.
Follow Tim McDonald on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tamcdonald
More:

iOS 8 Crashes 78 Percent More Often Than iOS 7  Study Findsreddit
No, it's not just you. iOS 8 is crashing people's iPhones.
Apple's new operating system crashes apps 78 percent more often than the previous iOS, according to a study released this week by app performance management company Crittercism. iOS 8 has a crash rate of 3.56 percent, while iOS 7.1 has a 2 percent crash rate.
See this chart, from Crittercism:
You'll see that iOS 8 crashes significantly more often on older iPhones than newer ones. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have crash rates of 2.63 percent and 2.11 percent, respectively. The iPhone 5S and its predecessors have a much higher crash rate of 3.57 percent. It's unclear why Crittercism included the iPhone 4 in its list of older phones, since it doesn't support iOS 8.
Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
We've already warned you not to download iOS 8 on your iPhone 4S . Seriously, don't. You're better off sticking with what you know: Good ol' iOS 7.1.
It's not uncommon for new operating systems to have bugs in the first few months they're available. Remember how iOS 7 screwed up iMessage when it first came out last year? There was also a bug that messed up your iPhone's alarm and another that let you bypass a phone's passcode .
After a short period of loud complaining, Apple swooped in and made some changes. That's exactly what we expect to happen this time. But until then, the critics will holler:
What you will get on iOS 8
-Slower performance
-some useless apps that you can't delete
-and freezes a lot
— Jordan #CheekToCheek (@JordanMGarcia13) September 19, 2014
More:

$10 billion cigarette ruling headed back to Illinois Supreme Court0
The court has to decide again whether the judgment, the largest in Illinois history, should stand against the nation's largest tobacco company, a unit of Altria Group Inc. The verdict is more than double Altria's net income of $4.5 billion last year.
The long legal battle has to do with the sale of cigarettes labeled "light" or "lowered tar and nicotine." In a lawsuit brought in 2000 in Madison County, smokers accused the company of consumer fraud by advertising light versions as safer than regular, or full-flavored, cigarettes and sought monetary damages.
A Madison County judge ruled in the plaintiffs' favor, awarding a class of more than 1 million people $7.1 billion in compensatory damages and $3 billion in punitive damages.
But a divided state Supreme Court overruled the judge, finding that federal regulations allowed the cigarette company to use terms like "light" and "low tar" in its advertising. Therefore, federal regulations precluded the plaintiffs from bringing a fraud claim against Philip Morris, the court said.
St. Louis attorney Stephen Tillery, who represents the smokers, sought to reopen the case after evidence emerged in an unrelated case that the Federal Trade Commission said it had never addressed the use of those advertising terms.
A state appellate court in Mount Vernon sided with him and restored the $10.1 billion verdict.
Philip Morris argued in its petition to the state Supreme Court that the notion that a trial or appellate court could nullify a decision by the top court is "dangerous" and "threatens the stability of the law."
"The Illinois Supreme Court has already once ordered judgment to be entered in PM USA's favor," the company said in a statement. "We believe that there are compelling reasons why the Illinois Supreme Court should do so again and reverse the intermediate court's unprecedented ruling."
Legal analysts expect the company to argue that the $10.1 billion judgment was inappropriate because the Madison County judge erred in how he calculated the award.
George Zelcs, another plaintiffs attorney, said he and Tillery look forward to the opportunity to present their arguments before the court.
Justice Robert Thomas did not take part in the deliberations over whether to accept Philip Morris' appeal. Thomas recused himself from the case the first time because he had a professional relationship with an attorney in the case.

Organization Change And The Unpopped Kernelreddit
Co-authored with Christopher G. Worley
When you make popcorn to watch a movie on a cold, weekend afternoon, there are always a few kernels that don't get cooked. They are often called "old maids" and for some people -- but not us -- they are actually the best part of the popcorn.  No matter your preference, these kernels have had all the right things done to them... they have been put in oil/butter, had high heat applied, and have been shaken or stirred... and they still did not pop.
Many organizational changes end with unpopped kernels. The unpopped kernel problem in organization change occurs when a leader signals a new strategy or tactic and does everything right to support the emergence of new behaviors, but gets no results from a few managers. The organization describes the new behaviors that are important to the execution of the strategy and provides training on them. It gives incentives to support acting in these new ways and so on. But, there are always some managers who do not get the message or refuse to make the shift. They are the unpopped kernels.
How change leaders deal with this issue plays an important role in the change effort's success and in determining whether their organization is agile enough to be effective in a rapidly changing world.
Managerial behavior has an important symbolic component. Like it or not, organization members often "look up" to people above them in the hierarchy. That is one reason why organizations like Nike, Gore, and DaVita don't have organization charts. People can spend too much time watching what senior managers do and say and engage in some recreational socio-political analysis to figure out what is important. But what if the managers they are watching are not aligned to the new strategy? It's very similar to the "walk the talk" issue. If managers say something is important but don't act as if it is important, something doesn't smell right and people begin to mistrust management pronouncements.
We first heard about the unpopped kernel problem at Allstate Corporation and discussed it in our new book, The Agility Factor . An initial transformation in a key part of the organization was succeeding where many had failed. Leadership had done a great job of integrating diversity and inclusion, establishing a clear vision, aligning work and structure, and developed appropriate incentives in support of an overall culture change effort. The change was accelerated by paying attention to the system as a whole, not just one part of it. The change was moving forward but -- in a culture that had grown a little stale over the years -- it was clear that not everyone within its management ranks had gotten the message.  These managers had been given chances, they had been given feedback on their lack of alignment with the values, purpose, and strategy that had been agreed to, they had received help and support. And everybody was watching.
What had to be done -- removing the managers from their positions -- was easy to see, but as we all know from experience is hard to do on several levels. But with courage, the leaders of the transformation made the call and it re-catalyzed the change effort.
To be clear, we are not advocating for the removal of change resistors. The reasons for resistance often represent important information about a change that can be acknowledge and used to make a change process better. We are saying that in situations where the appropriate amount of effort has been made to help people change, and the behavioral change is not forthcoming, leaders have an important obligation to address those individuals. There are a variety of actions that can be taken, including removal, but leaders must have the courage to do what's right for the organization.
In an evaluation conducted a year later, people identified the positive and intentional handling of the unpopped kernel problem as one of the key drivers of the change's success. Addressing the unpopped kernel problem was a hard lesson that had to be learned; it is still hard to live the learning. But the managers at Allstate understood that if you don't address the unpopped kernels, the speed and success of change will be affected. The experience at Allstate should be a lesson for any leader of change who wants to develop an agile organization.
More:

French hostage Herve Gourdel beheaded by militants in AlgeriaUpdated: September 25, 2014 08:32 IST
French hostage Herve Gourdel beheaded by militants in Algeria
IANS
Tweet
Reuters A portrait of mountain guide of Frenchman Herve Gourdel hangs near a French flag outside the town hall in Saint-Martin-Vesubie, on Wednesday.
Reuters French President Francois Hollande talks to the media in New York, after the beheading of French hostage Herve Gourdel by Algerian militants, on Wednesday.
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
French President Francois Hollande confirmed on Wednesday the death of a French man abducted in Algeria by a group linked to Islamic State (IS) Sunni radical militants.
At an U.N. General Assembly meeting in New York, Mr. Hollande affirmed that Herve Gourdel, 55, seized by the Jund al-Khilafah group, was “cowardly and cruelly murdered”, Xinhua reported.
“This assassination will reinforce our determination to continue fighting terrorism everywhere. We will continue the combat against IS. Military airstrikes will therefore continue,” Mr. Hollande stressed.
The French President said he will head a defence meeting at the Elysee on Thursday to discuss Paris’s military operation in Iraq and ways to ensure expatriates and citizens safety.
The Frenchman, Herve Gourdel, a mountaineering guide from Nice, was abducted in Algeria on Sunday by a terrorist group, known as Jund al-Khilafah. He had arrived only a day before on a trip to go hiking in Algeria’s northern mountains.
In a video footage, the IS urged followers to attack westerners whose nations have joined a coalition to fight the jihadi group after France launched, last Friday, its first air raids destroying IS targets.
France raised the threat level to 30 of its embassies across the Middle East and Africa, urging its expatriates to show high vigilance and to closely follow the ministry’s security recommendations.

Supreme Court Verdict Scrapping Coal Blocks to Weigh on LendersYou are here: Home Industries
Supreme Court Verdict Scrapping Coal Blocks to Weigh on Lenders
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 20:05 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: The Supreme Court verdict scrapping most coal extraction permits given to companies over two decades has raised concerns that loans to the holders of the permits could turn sour, piling pressure on lenders already battling a rise in bad loans.
The court said on Wednesday that companies will have until the end of March to return most of the so-called coal blocks allocated by the government since 1993, after ruling last month the selective allocation process was arbitrary and illegal.
While the impact of the ruling on lenders is yet to be known, shares in banks including market leader State Bank of India fell in Mumbai trading as investors saw the ruling as negative for the sector.
The crackdown on the coal blocks will put $10-$12 billion of loans at risk, Credit Suisse estimated last month. That would add to almost $100 billion of stressed loans, or about 10 per cent of banking assets, in the Indian banking system.
"You can talk about the direction - it's negative," said Saday Sinha, a banking analyst with Kotak Securities. Mr Sinha added it was difficult to quantify the impact at this stage as not all the loans to the companies will turn into bad loans.
State-run lender IDBI Bank Ltd, whose shares closed 5.5 per cent lower after the court verdict, has close to Rs 2000 crore ($328 million) loan exposure to companies affected by the court ruling, the bank's chairman M.S. Raghavan said.
"Not all will have problems ... We are assessing (the impact)," Mr Raghavan said in a phone interview.
Companies that are set to lose coal blocks will likely have to bid in an auction to win them back. Losing the coal blocks could also mean higher and costlier imports of the raw material used by sectors including steel and power.
State Bank of India, which has previously played down the possible impact of scrapping coal blocks on its asset quality, said the court verdict would remove uncertainty.
"We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation," chairwoman Arundhati Bhattacharya said in a statement.
Shares in State Bank of India dropped 2.7 per cent and the banking sector index closed 1 per cent lower, while the main Mumbai market index ended down 0.19 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

WATCH: We Do NOT Recommend This DIY iPhone 6 Hackreddit
Plagued by the pesky protruding camera on the iPhone 6?
Here's a simple, yet effective hack to ease the annoyance. And we really do mean hack, as in hacking it off with a grinding machine.
YouTuber "PeripateticPandas" applied this industrial-strength "fix" to the camera bump , documenting the process in a video that's as humorous as the protuberance is maddening. It may be the best iPhone camera to date , but it sure wasn't cool with this guy.
WATCH "How to Fix iPhone 6's Protruding Camera," above.

Can Retail Rescue a Dying Cityreddit
Detroit is at once the American Dream and the American Nightmare. Built on automotive manufacturing, and turbo-charged by the construction of freeways in the 50s and 60s, the Motor City hit potholes in the 2000s , with the Great Recession, a corrupt local government and a population decline of 25 percent in the first decade of the 21st Century. "The D" declared its bankruptcy in 2013 and as proof of the city's troubles, what Anthony Bourdain on CNN referred to as "ruin porn" abounds -- gloriously abandoned period homes and boarded-up skyscrapers festooned with graffiti -- left to rot and be pilfered.
But amidst the overgrown vacant lots close to downtown can be seen the green shoots of revival, and a growing civic pride. A developer is snapping up buildings to restore, and the roads have been torn up to build a new light rail line . And retail is at the heart of the resurgence.
In the Wayne State University area, an improbably located shiny new Whole Foods Market captures the zeitgeist. According to Whole Foods, this is "a store the community helped to design and build." On entry, a mural created by a local artist reminds the shopper to "say nice things about Detroit." A timeline above a line of freezers chronicles the history of Detroit under the headline: "Detroit -- proud to be here." Reclaimed vintage signage decorates the hot food area, and original Motown records mark the checkouts. This store is fiercely, defiantly local in both design and content. Products proclaim their proximity to Whole Foods -- a sign for Atwater Breweries states that it is brewed just "3.1 miles from the beer cooler."
The store pumps like a gas station. Inside you can't move for the crowds; outside drivers wait patiently for a car park and pounce on those leaving. Detroiters are lining up to hand over their hard-earned cash for premium and organic foods.
Close by are two other symbols of the D digging in and coming back. "Shinola" was once a brand of shoe polish. Run now by Bedrock Manufacturing (connected to Fossil), it has been spun into a store that seeks to capitalize on the "Made In America" trend. Solid-looking Shinola retro bikes assembled locally start around US$2,000. Chunky classic watches begin about US$750. You can buy a leather baseball mitt, or a collar and lead for your pampered pooch. And yes, you can also purchase a Shinola shoe-cleaning kit - for US$195.
Two doors up, sister brand Willys Detroit has opened on the former service bay of the Willys Overland Motor Company, which invented the first jeep in 1941. Willys, like Shinola, is all about American craftsmanship, and stocks U.S. made brands like Filson and Steven Alan.
Who's buying this stuff? Well, apart from cashed-up college kids, my guess is that both Shinola in particular is minting money by exporting the Detroit factory aesthetic -- both online, and in stores popping up in other places. It's a gritty, urban image re-packaged and polished up for today's consumption.
These stores -- and many more -- are part of the regeneration of the Motor City. While retail can't rescue a dying city on its own, there is no doubt that it is contributing both vitality and vibrancy. Detroit has a long way to go on the road to revival, but the journey is as fascinating as the destination.
Follow Jon Bird on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thetweetailer
More:

Rosie O Donnell Slams American Bombing Of Syriareddit
Rosie O'Donnell spoke out against America's bombing campaign in Syria on Wednesday's "View."
Speaking just as President Obama was telling the United Nations about his plans to extend American military involvement in the Middle East, O'Donnell said she was troubled by the situation.
"It's scary to me to think that when I had my last baby twelve years ago, we were just getting into a war and she was one, and now I have another one-year-old, and we just bombed another country," she said. "We went to war yesterday in America against another country in the Mideast. And to me no matter what, that's wrong, because you don't fight violence with violence."
O'Donnell also hinted that she thinks Syria's oil reserves have something to do with American involvement there.
"I do think there’s a financial agenda attached to it," she said. Nobody else on the panel agreed.
More:

Chinese borrowers break new groundChinese borrowers break new ground
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/219626e8-4464-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IT Stocks Gain After Rival Accenture s ResultsIT stocks gained today after global rival Accenture said it expects better profitability this fiscal year.
Tata Consultancy Services gained 1.1 per cent, while Infosys rode 0.7 per cent.
Tech Mahindra was up 0.8 per cent, HCL Technologies advanced 0.5 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Make it easy for domestic investors to invest in India  says Narayan MurthyMake it easy for domestic investors to invest in India, says Narayan Murthy
CNN-IBN | Sep 25, 2014 at 02:48pm
In an interview to CNN-IBN, Infosys founder Narayan Murthy said that the Indian government should make it easy for foreigners and domestic investors to invest in India if they want 'Make in India' to be a success.
Idol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sensex Slumps 276 Points in Third Straight FallYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply; ONGC, RIL Slump
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 16:00 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty fell over 1 per cent amid strong selling pressure in oil & gas, banking and metal stocks.
The Sensex was down 283 points at 26,461 while Nifty fell 84 points to 7,917.
Oil & gas heavyweights ONGC and Reliance Industries fell 4 per cent and 3.5 per cent respectively after the government on Wednesday deferred the gas price hike that was to come into effect starting next month. The government said it would take a decision on raising gas prices by November 15.
TS Harihar, chief executive and founder of HRBV Client Solutions Private, said that delay in gas price decision is negative for the "markets in the short-term". Markets were awaiting some clarity on the gas pricing issue, he added.
Metal stocks extended their decline today after the after the Supreme Court cancelled coal block allocation. JSPL, which slumped over 10 per cent yesterday after cancellation of coal blocks, fell 8.5 per cent today.
Public sector banks continued to be weighed down by concerns over the exposure to the players whose coal block allocations were cancelled. PNB slumped nearly 6 per cent while SBI fell 3.5 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
 

First rule of legacy family property: Avoid strife!0
There is just no way this could turn out well.
I had the opportunity to buy my deceased maternal grandfather's waterfront home from his heirs, who were my mother and aunt. We all felt sentimental about the place, and it needed a lot of work.
It was a 1920s era summer bungalow nestled in a neighborhood of much grander, more recently built homes on the water. Both my father and my father-in-law advised strongly against our buying the property, noting the anger and resentment it might cause my brother, who could not afford to buy the home (but who somehow thought we would put his name on the deed with ours).
In addition, they cautioned against any financial involvement with family that involved loans or valuable property. They noted there was lots of waterfront available for purchase, and they were right that we shouldn't opt in for all of these reasons and more.
We heeded their advice, and found our own patch of paradise a few miles away. It was in rough shape too, but we have really made it a beautiful, private and peaceful retreat over the last 16 years.
And the freedom from family conflict? Priceless.
A: Thanks for sharing your story. We have heard from too many people over the years who couldn't part with the idea of a "family" home that had lasted through multiple generations.
Almost without exception, these deals turn out badly. Either the property needs way more work (and investment) than the buyers counted on, or the family that sold (or was excluded) becomes resentful.
Your father and father-in-law gave you wise counsel -- but you were wiser still to follow it. With any luck, you've helped someone out there make what seems to be a tough decision, but one that will likely turn out to be the smartest move they'll ever make. Thank you.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Terrifying new normal An Ebola outbreak that never really goes away.By Abby Phillip September 25 Follow @abbydphillip
A health worker sprays disinfectant on a colleague who had loaded a suspected Ebola victim into an ambulance in Freetown, Sierra Leone, on Sept. 24. (Michael Duff/Associated Press)
An idea long viewed as an unlikely possibility is now becoming increasingly real: Ebola might not go away for a very long time.
It has never happened before in the 38-year history of the virus. Every other time Ebola has made the unlikely jump from the animal world to the human one , it has been snuffed out within days, weeks or, at most, months.
This time, though, in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, the Ebola virus is raging like a forest fire, in the words of several public health officials. And some of them are raising the possibility that the outbreak-turned-full-fledged-epidemic could become fundamentally different from any other Ebola outbreak on record, in that it might stick around.
“What’s always worked before – contact tracing, isolation and quarantine – is not going to work, and it’s not working now,” said Daniel Lucey, a professor of Microbiology and Immunology at Georgetown University Medical Center, who spent three weeks treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone and will soon travel to the Liberian capital of Monrovia for another five-week stint.
"In my opinion," Lucey added, "a year from now, we won't have one or two cases; we'll have many cases of Ebola."
As the worst Ebola outbreak in history unfolds in West Africa, The Post's Joel Achenbach explains how the deadly virus wreaks havoc on the human body. (Davin Coburn/The Washington Post)
Unlike past outbreaks, in which Ebola emerged in the sparsely populated countryside of Central Africa, this outbreak has become an exponentially spreading urban menace.
With the number of infected and dead in the thousands and growing quickly -- and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warning that it could surge past 1 million within four months -- finding and quarantining every person who might come into contact with the virus is a herculean task.
In cramped and chaotic large cities, Lucey said, it might be near impossible to adequately track Ebola infections without the help of medical interventions such as vaccines, anti-viral drugs or immune therapies, most of which could be months or more away from approval. "We would need a campaign like the global smallpox eradication program from the '60s and '70s," he said.
Even in the rural areas, there are worrying signs.
In some parts of West Africa, such as the rural area in southwestern Guinea near where the outbreak began, there are troubling indications that infections are continuing at relatively low but steady level from week-to-week.
That suggests a simmering, steady-state rate of transmission that is just as troubling as the exponential growth observed in the outbreak as a whole, according to Christopher Dye, the World Health Organization's director of strategy. In a new study he co-authored in the New England Journal of Medicine , Dye even raised the possibility that Ebola might become endemic in West Africa.
"The question we're raising is to put in people's minds that the epidemic might not be eliminated from the human population completely for a very long time," Dye said this week in an interview from Geneva. Unless global intervention begins to kick in soon, "at the moment we see no reason why that steady state will not continue to go on and on," he said.
A Liberian woman weeps over the Ebola death of a relative on the outskirts of Monrovia, the capital of Liberia. (Ahmed Jallanzo/European Pressphoto Agency)
Epidemiologists consider a disease "endemic" if the transmission rate hovers around one per infection, and a region that's grappling with a constant low level of continued Ebola transmissions could find it impossible to resume normal public health operations.
In late August, when Lucey was in Sierra Leone, the country's only large referral hospital for children -- nicknamed Cottage Hospital -- shuttered its doors to keep Ebola out. A single child out of a steady stream of hundreds that passed through the facility on a regular basis had been treated for two days before anyone realized he had Ebola.
With Cottage Hospital closed, children and pregnant women in Sierra Leone have nowhere else to go to be treated for basic, life-saving medical care, Lucey said. In Liberia, the situation is similar: With Ebola crippling the health system, Liberians are dying of routine medical problems, as The Post reported last week .
That is how things are right now, with Ebola raging unabated.
But with this virus, there is no middle ground. The presence of even a small number of continued transmissions of Ebola can also wreak havoc on already fragile health-care systems.
When Ebola is present in the population, it is nearly impossible to know whether a patient who walks in is sick with the deadly virus rather than another of the many other conditions that can result in similar symptoms.
"So when a child has a fever and they spit up and they have some loose stools and diarrhea — that is very, very common in a child,” said Lucey. "How can you tell it’s not Ebola or something else? That means that the health-care providers have to wear this really comprehensive, hot, personal protective equipment for all of them."
Most public hospitals are closed because they do not have the ability to treat Ebola patients safely; the risk of treating non-Ebola conditions with similar symptoms – such as dengue fever or even diarrhea — is simply too great.
In Sierra Leone and Liberia, some of these concerns are already coming to pass.
Lassa fever – a similar, but less deadly hemorrhagic fever – is on the rise as the dry season begins.
"There's not even a place really to put all the Ebola patients, so now we're going to have to be thinking about how do we separate the lassa patients from the Ebola patients – because that is not something that we want to mix," Joseph Fair , a virus expert and special adviser to the health minister of Sierra Leone, said in testimony before Congress on Wednesday. "The chances of survival with lassa are much greater than with Ebola."
It is possible, however, that Ebola is not capable of enduring in the human population for long – in part because it is far too deadly. Daniel Bausch, an associate professor in the Department of Tropical Medicine at Tulane University, has spent years researching Ebola and other viruses at the CDC; he is an endemic Ebola skeptic.
"I actually don't buy it; I don't see how this disease could become endemic," Bausch said. "It would have to become much less deadly so you would have something where this can be maintained in a human population independently, long-term -- independently of its maintenance in the wild. You would have to have drastic mutations of the virus."
At least so far, there is no evidence that the virus has mutated significantly to make it any more or less deadly. According to Dye's WHO study of the first nine months of the outbreak, the mortality rate for the virus is 70 percent -- which is on par with previous outbreaks.
But whether Ebola becomes endemic or a just a very long, sustained epidemic that eventually ends, both outlooks are fairly grim.
"We'll either get a handle on it and stop transmission in those places, or we won't and the virus will rifle through the population," Bausch said. "Once it’s gone through population, then pretty much everybody gets Ebola and lives or dies."
RELATED READING:

SpiceJet announces 50 per cent discount on base air faresE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

H&M s September sales growth wilts in unusually warm weather0
The performance of the world's second-biggest fashion retailer in recent months had helped its shares outperform those of bigger rival Inditex, parent of Zara,  pulling them up 6 percent this year against a 7 percent fall for the Spanish group.
But the news of sharply slowing sales in September pushed H&M shares down 4.6 percent by 11 a.m. compared with a 0.4 percent weaker European retail index, while Inditex shares were little changed.
"Clearly, H&M can deliver very strong earnings growth when they are able to grow sales at about 20 percent, but given a long-run average like-for-like sales rate of 1 percent, we remain cautious," Bernstein analyst Jamie Merriman said.
H&M reported pretax profit up 20 percent at $974 million in its June-August third quarter, in line with analysts' forecasts. 
MARGINS UNDER PRESSURE
Inditex last week reported sales growth for the period Aug. 1 to Sept. 12 in local currencies slowed to 10 percent from 11 percent in the first half. It also reported a worse-than-expected fall in second-quarter margins to 56.5 percent as trading in its lucrative overseas markets turned tougher.
H&M said its third-quarter gross margin fell slightly to 58.3 percent from 58.8 percent a year ago, hurt by higher raw materials prices, cost inflation, capacity at suppliers, purchasing currencies and transportation costs.
"Higher manufacturing costs and price pressure will continue to lead to gross-margin compression," said Bernstein's Merriman, confirming her "underperform" rating for H&M shares.
H&M has said that a drive to increase wages for Asian clothing workers, who have recently been involved in violent clashes in Cambodia, was likely to dent profitability as weak demand and stiff competition made it hard to pass on costs to shoppers.
The company plans to open a net 375 new stores this year but said it will delay its launch in India until spring 2015, but did not explain why. The launch was previously scheduled for this fall.
The Philippines will become a new market for the group next month and it will open shops in South Africa, Peru, Taiwan and Macau in 2015.
H&M also said online sites launched in Italy and Spain in August and China this month had made a very good start. The company, which reiterated plans to open in eight to 10 new online markets next year, was slower than many of its peers to start selling online and now has an online presence in 13 markets, compared with 27 for Inditex.
Zara will join China's fast-growing Tmall online marketplace, run by e-commerce giant Alibaba, in October, and Persson said it is possible that H&M could also go that route but would concentrate on its own site in China for now.

10 stocks torch your money in the fallToss these 10 lagging stocks on your bonfire
By: Matt Krantz September 25, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Backyard bonfires and falling leaves aren’t the only things to watch out for this fall. Investors need to know about stocks that perennially disappoint during autumn.
Specifically, there are 10 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including cosmetics company Avon (AVP) , utility Exelon (EXC) and retailers Kohl’s (KSS) and Target (TGT) that have lagged the market’s gains in each and every of the past five fall seasons.
These stocks stand out like a burning pile of leaves since the fall isn’t otherwise a bad time to be in the market. Stocks have gained roughly 6% on average over the past five fall seasons. And some stocks actually flourish in the fall. But that covers up some stocks that routinely drop from investors’ portfolios along with the leaves from the trees.
The fall is especially harsh for Avon. Shares of the makeup maker have never posted a gain in any of the past five fall seasons. Last fall was especially brutal for the company, with it falling 19.2%, while the S&P 500 rose 6.3%. The stock has lost 11% of its value, on average, in the past five falls.
Chart source: MSN Money
Analysts, though, continue to hold out hope for the turnaround of Avon. It’s one of five stocks among the 10 fall losers that analysts have rated an “outperform.” The 18-month price target on Avon is $15.77, which would be 18% upside from Wednesday’s closing price of $13.35.
The fall isn’t all that kind to several retailers, either, including Kohl’s or Target. Kohl’s has posted an average fall decline the past five years of 0.5%. Seasonal factors definitely play an important factor with retailers. Investors don’t start finding out how the critical holiday season went until late in the year and details aren’t clear until January the following year.
Company

Most debt-based mutual funds underperform in last 5 yearsSep 25, 2014, 04.50 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Most debt-based mutual funds underperform in last 5 years
"The interest rate remained higher and impacted the active managers in the Indian government bond peer group which underperformed the S&P India Government Bond Index over one, three and five-year periods," Asia Index Private Ltd Senior Analyst Utkarsh Agrawal said
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Most debt-based mutual funds underperform in last 5 years
"The interest rate remained higher and impacted the active managers in the Indian government bond peer group which underperformed the S&P India Government Bond Index over one, three and five-year periods," Asia Index Private Ltd Senior Analyst Utkarsh Agrawal said
Post your opinion here
 
In terms of returns to investors, most of the debt-based mutual funds in the country underperformed compared to their respective S&P benchmark indices, over the last five years, says a report. The comparative analysis between debt-based funds and S&P India's two benchmark indices -- government bond index and bond index -- is for the five years ended June 2014. According to the report by S&P Dow Jones Indices, more than 78 percent mutual funds in Indian government bonds failed to beat S&P India Government Bond Index, while 53 percent Indian Composite Bond funds were outperformed by S&P India Bond Index.
Also Read: No plan to take LIC Nomura Mutual Fund public, says LIC chairman
"The interest rate remained higher and impacted the active managers in the Indian government bond peer group which underperformed the S&P India Government Bond Index over one, three and five-year periods," Asia Index Private Ltd Senior Analyst Utkarsh Agrawal said. "Almost a quarter of the funds in this peer group disappeared over the five-year period. Active managers in the Indian composite bond category also could not outperform the benchmark in the five-year period," Agarwal added. Moreover, as many as 54.36 percent large-cap equity funds underperformed compared to their benchmark index, S&P BSE 100, in the last five years.
In comparison, only about 34.3 percent Indian Equity Linked Savings Scheme (ELSS) funds and 38.6 percent Indian Equity Mid/Small Cap funds underperformed their respective benchmark indices -- S&P BSE 200 and S&P BSE Mid cap -- in the five year period, the report said. The findings are based on S&P Indices Versus Active Funds (SPIVA) scorecard which measures performance of actively managed Indian mutual funds against their benchmarks. "Although the actively managed Indian large-cap equity funds outperformed the S&P BSE 100 over a one-year period, they underperformed over the five-year period," Asia Index Private Ltd Senior Analyst Utkarsh Agrawal said.
According to Agarwal nearly 17 percent of the mutual funds in the large cap equity segment have disappeared, which signify "the difficulty that active managers face in this peer group over longer time periods".  Among the various segments, the report found that only Indian ELSS funds maintained a survivorship rate of over 95 percent for the five year period, while the same stood at less that 80 per cent for the Indian mid- cap/small-cap equity  funds and Indian government bond funds. Besides, the survivorship rate of Indian large-cap equity funds and Indian composite bond funds was 83 per cent and 93 percent respectively, over the five year period.  Asia Index is a 50-50 partnership between S&P Dow Jones Indices and leading Indian bourse BSE.
Q

Motorola Solutions offloading $3.1 billion in pension debtMotorola Solutions has significantly downsized over the past two decades — from 150,000 employees in 1997 to 20,000 employees today. About 5,000 more will spin off to Lincolnshire-based Zebra Technologies when the sale of Motorola Solutions' enterprise unit closes this year.
Revenue has also dropped, from about $40 billion to closer to $8 billion.
"And we're still carrying the legacy pension obligations of all those businesses we've divested," O'Keef said.
Employees at Motorola Solutions hired before Jan. 1, 2005, are eligible for pensions. Just 5,000 active employees will get pensions, O'Keef said.
Pension debt is volatile, O'Keef said. At the end of last year, for example, Motorola Solutions' U.S. pension liabilities were $7.3 billion and 84 percent funded — now they're up to the $8.4 billion, O'Keef said.
"It became so clear that this obligation was creating volatility that the smaller business just couldn't stomach," O'Keef said. "Our core business is not managing retirement assets and liabilities. Prudential's business is. ... Our shareholders do not want our earnings and cash flows to be whipsawed by changes in interest rates."
Insurance companies like Prudential specialize in managing large pools of assets and long-term risk, said Peggy McDonald, senior vice president and actuary for Prudential.
"We have actuarial expertise and investment expertise, and expertise in any transaction that has to do with longevity," McDonald said. "We have the investment experience, insurance and regulatory benefits to make sure these benefits will be paid."
Rising costs and increased life spans have made traditional pension plans more expensive for employers to fund, she added.
Also, businesses will see an increase in the next few years on premiums they pay to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp., a government agency that insures private-sector pension plans. Persistently low interest rates also make it harder for companies to reap returns on funds they set aside for the liabilities.
Prudential also took on pension obligations for General Motors ($26 billion) and Verizon ($7.5 billion) in recent years, in the largest and second-largest pension transfer deals ever in the U.S., McDonald said. Prudential manages pension benefits for 1.6 million people at more than 5,700 companies, it said, totaling $330.5 billion in retirement funds.
Motorola Solutions said it realizes its retirees will have questions about the move.
"It's complicated," O'Keef said. "Change creates anxiety and we all recognize that. We've gone to great lengths to construct something that if we explain it, it will make sense. … There are no changes to their benefits, the amount of their checks will remain the same."

Mahindra and Mahindra unveils new generation ScorpioMahindra & Mahindra launches new-gen Scorpio with more sting, prices it at Rs 7.98 lakh
fe Bureau | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
 

Dismantle the IS network of death: Obama at U.N.terrorism (crime)
Confronted by the growing threat of Middle East militants, President Barack Obama implored world leaders at the United Nations on Wednesday to rally behind his expanding military campaign to stamp out the violent Islamic State group and its “network of death”.
“There can be no reasoning, no negotiation, with this brand of evil,” Mr. Obama told the General Assembly. In a striking shift for a President who has been reluctant to take military action in the past, Mr. Obama declared that force is the only language the militants understand. He warned those who have joined their cause to “leave the battlefield while they can”.
The widening war against the Islamic State was just one in a cascade of crises that confronted the Presidents, Prime Ministers and monarchs at the annual meeting of the U.N. General Assembly. Also vying for attention was Russia’s continued provocations in Ukraine, a deadly Ebola outbreak in West Africa, and the plight of civilians caught in conflicts around the world.
“Not since the end of the Second World War have there been so many refugees, displaced people and asylum seekers,” U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said as he opened Wednesday’s session.
In a rare move, Mr. Obama also chaired a meeting of the U.N. Security Council where members unanimously adopted a resolution requiring all countries to prevent the recruitment and transport of would-be foreign fighters preparing to join terrorist organizations such as the Islamic State group.
The American-led military campaign in the Middle East was at the centre of much of the day’s discussions. After weeks of airstrikes in Iraq, U.S. planes began hitting targets in Syria this week, joined by an unexpected coalition of five Arab nations- Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.
There were more U.S. and coalition airstrikes Wednesday on both sides of the Syrian-Iraqi border. U.S. and allied planes and drones hit a dozen targets in Syria that included small-scale oil refineries that have been providing millions of dollars to the Islamic State, the U.S. Central Command said. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates took part in addition to U.S. aircraft.
France has also taken part in strikes in Iraq, and British Prime Minister David Cameron’s office announced that Parliament was being recalled to London to debate whether to join the campaign, too.
The Islamic State has made lightning gains in Iraq this year and now moves freely across the increasingly blurred border with Syria. The group has claimed responsibility for the beheading of two American journalists and a British aid worker, sparking outrage in the West and contributing to an increase in public support for military action.
Shortly after Mr. Obama’s remarks, France confirmed that Algerian extremists allied with the Islamic State group had beheaded one of its citizens after the French ignored demands to stop airstrikes in Iraq. French President Francois Hollande, who was in New York for the U.N. meetings, said the killing underscored why “the fight the international community needs to wage versus terrorism knows no borders”.
U.S. officials say they are concerned that foreigners with Western passports could return to their home countries to carry out attacks. And even as Mr. Obama welcomed support for the resolution to deter foreign fighters, he said more must be done.
“The words spoken here today must be matched and translated into action,” he said.
The threat from the Islamic State group has already drawn Mr. Obama back into conflicts in the Middle East that he has long sought to avoid, particularly in Syria, which is mired in a bloody three-year civil war. Just months ago, the president appeared to be on track to fulfil his pledge to end the U.S.-led wars he inherited in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Mr. Obama sought to distinguish this current military campaign from those lengthy wars, declaring that he has no intention of sending U.S. troops to occupy foreign lands. He also pressed Middle Eastern nations to look beyond military action and take steps to reject the ideology that has spawned groups like the Islamic State and to cut off funding that has allowed that terror group and others to thrive.
“No external power can bring about a transformation of hearts and minds,” Mr. Obama said in his nearly 40-minute address.
Apart from the Middle East, the President was particularly blunt in his condemnation of Russia’s actions in Ukraine. He accused Moscow of sending arms to pro-Russian separatists, refusing to allow access to the site of a downed civilian airliner and then moving its own troops across the border with Ukraine.
Still, Mr. Obama held open the prospect of a resolution to the conflict. While he has previously expressed skepticism about a cease-fire signed this month, he said Wednesday that the agreement “offers an opening” for peace.
If Russia follows through, Mr. Obama said, the U.S. will lift economic sanctions that have damaged Russia’s economy but so far failed to shift President Vladimir Putin’s approach.
The chaotic global landscape Mr. Obama described Wednesday stood in contrast to his remarks at the U.N. one year ago, when he touted diplomatic openings on multiple fronts. At the time, the U.S. was embarking on a fresh attempt to forge an elusive peace between Israelis and Palestinians and there were signs of a thaw in the decades-old tensions between the U.S. and Iran.
The Mideast talks have since collapsed, though the President said that “as bleak as the landscape appears, America will never give up the pursuit of peace.” And while the U.S., Iran and world powers are now in the midst of nuclear negotiations, those talks are deadlocked and there is skepticism about whether a deal can be reached by a Nov. 24 deadline.
“My message to Iran’s leaders and people is simple - Do not let this opportunity pass,” Mr. Obama said.
Even as the President cast the U.S. as the main driver of peace and security around the world, he acknowledged that his country has not always lived up to its own ideals. He singled out the recent clashes between police and protesters in Ferguson, Missouri, that followed the shooting death of a black teenager.
“Yes, we have our own racial and ethnic tensions,” Mr. Obama said. “But we welcome the scrutiny of the world. Because what you see in America is a country that has steadily worked to address our problems and make our union more perfect.”

H&M warns of pain from rising costsH&M profits rise but retailer warns of pain from rising costs
By Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77653a14-44af-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee Ends Lower at 61.34Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
The rupee hit its lowest level in one-and-a-half months on Thursday, weighed down by a sharp fall in the domestic share market and demand for the greenback from importers, but the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) stepped in to limit further losses.
Traders said the apex bank likely sold dollars via state-run banks starting around 61.40 levels to prevent a further fall in the local currency.
Indian shares fell for a third consecutive session, as lenders and other coal-related firms remained under pressure a day after the country's top court scrapped all but four of 218 coal blocks allocated by the government since 1993.
Traders will continue to monitor domestic share and debt price movements for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows which are key for the rupee's fortunes.
So far this year, foreign funds have bought $14.1 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt.
"The rupee opened largely flat but subsequently it started tracking the equity market. Negative sentiment in equities due to coal de-allocation by the Supreme Court hurt the rupee as well. And there was some buying from importers also," said Pramod Patil, assistant vice president at United Overseas Bank.
"Overall at the macro level to the dollar is strengthening, so we can see the negative bias on the rupee continue," he added.
Mr Patil expects the rupee to trade in a range of 61.00 to 61.75 until the RBI policy review.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday scrapped all but four of 218 coal blocks allocated by the government over the past two decades, raising concerns that resorting to imports would widen the trade and current account deficits.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.34/35 per dollar compared with Wednesday's close of 60.96/97. The rupee dropped to as low as 61.4150, its lowest level since August 8. It declined 0.6 per cent on the day, its biggest single-day fall since September 15.
Dollar demand from oil and other importers to meet month-end import commitments also pressured the rupee, dealers said.
The rupee could also remain under pressure ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on September 30.
The ape bank is expected to keep interest rates on hold until the April-June quarter of next year, when it may loosen policy, a Reuters poll showed on Wednesday.
The euro fell on Thursday to an almost two-year low against a dollar that is on track for its longest winning streak since the early 1970s, as investors anticipate that European and US monetary policy will head in opposite directions.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards PNDF, the one-month contract was at 61.70, while the three-month was at 62.28.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

J&K: Need to set up 24X7 helplines for flood victims  says Ghulam Nabi Azad10
0
Jammu: Asserting that the Congress leadership is fully with the flood-hit people of Jammu and Kashmir during this unprecedented disaster, Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad on Thursday underlined the need to operationalise helplines for relieving the flood victims of psychological stress.
"Congress is fully with the people in this unprecedented disaster... There is a need to operationalise 24x7 helplines for relieving the flood victims of psychological stress," Azad said after visiting flood-hit areas of Shangus and Kokernag constituencies of South Kashmir.
Azad, accompanied by AICC general secretary and state Congress president Saif-ud-Din Soz, interacted with the people and conveyed to them his deepest sympathies for suffering unprecedented losses to their houses, business establishments, orchards, agricultural land and livestock.
"Congress is fully with the people in this unprecedented disaster... There is a need to operationalise 24x7 helplines for relieving the flood victims of psychological stress," Azad said.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #ghulam nabi azad
Observing that there has been widespread destruction due to catastrophic floods, Azad said, "Unequalled damage to public and private properties is starkly visible in all parts of the state and one feels deeply pained to see the scenes of devastation, wreck and ruin."
"Orchards have been damaged, fruits destroyed, large patches of agricultural land washed away... houses are crumbling, paddy crop is ruined, roads and bridges are ravaged," he added.
During the entire visit, people laid emphasis on the grant of actual compensation for the damages suffered by them in the flood, besides seeking immediate restoration of public infrastructure like roads, bridges, hospitals, schools, power supply system, etc.
While taking note of the large-scale damage caused to the private property and public infrastructure, Azad assured the people of all support at his command to tide over this difficult phase, adding that no slackness in terms of commitment and effort will be shown to stand by the people of the state in this trying hour.
He also advised the people to cooperate with the administrative machinery for correct and timely recording of the damages suffered by them so that correct estimates of the damages to be projected before the Centre by the state Government could be reached at.
Azad felt that the administration also needs to adopt a sensitive and proactive approach to reach out to the people who have suffered damages, in that the process of damage assessment becomes hassle-free and visibly fair. Calling for speedy and efficient assessment of the damages, Azad also underlined the need of operationalise 24x7 helplines for relieving the flood victims of psychological stress, adding that it is equally important to be seen as responsive and people-friendly.
AICC general secretary Ambika Soni, who accompanied Azad, also assured the people of her solid support in getting them adequate compensation at least equivalent to, if not more, what the disaster hit people of Uttarakhand got. She further said that having seen the horrible scenes of devastation caused by the flood waters, it is imperative that people are adequately compensated for the losses they have suffered to rebuild their lives.
Laying emphasis on collective effort, Azad said that all the government agencies, political parties, civil society and the people at large, especially the youth, have to work in complete coordination for erasing the scars left by the devastating floods in Kashmir Valley and many parts of Jammu province.
He said that the big challenge of reconstruction and rebuilding has to be met with a sense of togetherness, seriousness and fortitude.
0

Commercial Drones Take Off in US  EuropeCommercial Drones Take Off in US, Europe
 
(Martin Divisek/Getty Images)
Morning Money Memo…
Commercial drone flights may get a lift from the FAA. Federal regulators are expected to allow seven TV and movie production companies to use drones for filming on sets. Until now, the FAA has banned the use of commercial drones. But two years ago, Congress required regulators to work out plans to legalize their broader use. “The decision to allow several movie-making companies to use drones is the first time that businesses will be able to operate the aircraft in populated areas,” reported The Washington Post.
Starting Friday, a DHL drone will start delivering packages to a remote island off the northwestern coast of Germany. The delivery company said drone deliveries will be made to residents on the island of Juist. DHL said the flights will be the first time a pilotless plane has been allowed to make regular commercial flights in Europe.
BP Loses Round in Court
BP suffered another setback in federal court as it tried to limit the immense cost of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. The energy firm could face losses of more than $40 billion. U.S. District Court Judge Carl Barbier threw out BP’s request for the repayment of hundreds of millions of dollars in “excess” compensation. The judge ruled BP must stand by the agreement it made with companies compensated for losses after the oil spill. BP said some claims got money even though they suffered no losses from the spill.
Authors vs. Amazon
A group of more than 1,000 authors is writing to the U.S. Department of Justice to call for an antitrust investigation into Amazon’s tactics in its dispute with Hachette. The e-commerce giant and the publishing firm have been arguing over fees. The Financial Times reported: “Authors United, which counts bestselling writers including Malcolm Gladwell, Donna Tartt and Stephen King among its supporters, is soliciting signatures for a letter to William J. Baer, assistant US attorney-general for antitrust, according to Douglas Preston, the Hachette writer who started the group.”
Apple Headaches
First hype, now gripes: Apple celebrated huge sales of its new iPhones, but now there are reports of glitches causing problems. Some users said a new software update for the iOS8 operating system blocked their calls. Apple pulled its update. Also, a widely circulated video suggested the larger iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending.

Cyber Experts Warn of  Bash  BugAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Smriti Irani launches Swachh Bharat Swachh Vidyalaya campaignPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:22 pm
With an aim to promote awareness on hygiene, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani on Thursday launched a campaign under ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ programme, where she joined the students and teachers in cleaning the school campus.
Irani, who launched the programme at a Kendriya Vidyalaya School here, used broom and shovel to clean the ground. She asked all to become part of the mission and put their best effort for the success of the campaign.
Under the ‘Swachh Bharat, Swachh Vidyalaya’ campaign, schools with the highest green rating would be felicitate with a cash prize of Rs one lakh.
The campaign at motivating students and making them realise that hygienic way of living was the best way. The campaign will go on till October 31 in the schools, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) said in a statement.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also slated to release a booklet on sanitation on October 2, when he launches the ‘Swachh Bharat Mission, promoting behavioural changes in children.
An important component of the mission is the construction of toilets in schools. The seven states, which account for 80 per cent of the schools without toilets, have been asked to start building toilets from October 2, when the ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ would be launched.
The states include Andhra Pradesh, Telengana, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, West Bengal, Bihar and Assam.
The state governments would initiate construction of toilets in 25,000 schools on October 2, under the ‘Sarva Siksha Abhiyan’ and ‘Rashtriya Madhyamik Siksha Abhiyan programme, officials in the HRD Ministry said.
States would also be advised to periodically monitor the functionality of toilets and take up repair and maintenance work, they said.
The Ministry has also asked higher educational institutes to join the campaign.
An important component of the mission is the construction of toilets in schools.

SEBI chairman bats for routing EPFO money to equitymarketsPrint
Ahmedabad | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:17 pm
The chairman of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), UK Sinha on Thursday batted strongly for investing 15 percent of the Rs 7 lakh crore of corpus from the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation in the equities and securities market as mandated by the Union Finance Ministry.
“Talking about reforms, especially in the context of those who have the mandate — who have the funds, but who are not letting their funds be invested in the market — the first example and the biggest example that comes to my mind is EPFO. If you look at any other country in the world, whether it is a communist or a 100 percent capitalist-oriented country, the workers’ pension money is invested in securities market,” said Sinha while speaking at an event in Gandhinagar.
“The EPFO, for example, has a size of more than Rs 7 lakh crore. Their annual accruals is more than Rs 70,000 crore. There is a rule or an enabling provision from the Ministry of Finance that up to 15 percent can be invested in the equity market — five percent directly and 10 percent through mutual funds. But that debate has been going on for decades now. Unfortunately, there has been no forward movement,” he added.
“I would strongly urge that we have to think in terms of allowing long term pension money into the market,” Sinha said adding that pushing the pension money into the market could also act as a “counter balance” to a possible exodus of foreign funds.
“Foreign Portfolio flows to the tune of $ 34 billion have come into the country as of September 15 in this calendar year. If the same trend continues, then the Foreign Portfolio Flows will hit an all-time record by the end of the year,” he said.
“Our market has become more and more dependent on Foreign Portfolio Flows. There has to be a counter balance to that in this country. All other countries have it. If that counter balance is not provided, we run the risk of exodus of money at the happening of a particular global event,” Sinha remarked.

http://usat.ly/1pexiFJDiane Kollman
1 year, 3 months ago
Your Take contributions have not been reviewed for accuracy by USATODAY. Contributors agree to our Terms of Service and are responsible for the content of their videos and photos. Please report any content that violates the terms.
More Topics

Indian mkt turnover soars to record Rs 8.2 lakh cr levelSep 25, 2014, 07.18 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Indian mkt turnover soars to record Rs 8.2 lakh cr level
Index options, too, touched a record high of Rs 410,992.69 crore
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian mkt turnover soars to record Rs 8.2 lakh cr level
Index options, too, touched a record high of Rs 410,992.69 crore
Post your opinion here
 
Indian mkt turnover soars to record Rs 8.2 lakh cr level
The Indian capital markets' turnover today rose to record high level of about Rs 8.2 lakh crore, amid monthly expiry of derivative contracts. BSE recorded total daily turnover of Rs 2,93,526.31 crore, while that at NSE rose to Rs 5,32,612 crore -- taking the combined total for the entire Indian capital markets to Rs 8,26,138.31 crore.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) said its total futures and options (F&O) turnover scaled a record high of Rs 5,32,612 crore today, surpassing the previous high of Rs 441,534.45 crore that it had touched on July 10, 2014. Nearly 1.36 crore derivative contracts were traded on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) amounting to a F&0 turnover of Rs 5.32 lakh crore, record high for a day, the bourse said.
Index options touched a record high of Rs 410,992.69 crore as a part of the total derivative turnover on NSE today. On July 10, index options turnover had touched a high of Rs 3.32 lakh crore. The total turnover at BSE rose to Rs 2,93,526.31 crore at the end of trade up from Rs 2,24,870.16 crore yesterday.
In the equity market, the BSE benchmark Sensex as well as NSE's Nifty closed with sharp losses. Meanwhile, NSE also that the total Bank Nifty turnover touched Rs 65,470 crore, while the turnover for Bank Nifty Options hit a record of Rs 55,250 crore. Bank Nifty turnover is a subset of total equity derivative turnover on the exchange.

The consequences of anti-vaccine activismBy Jonathan H. Adler September 25
Despite a lack of any credible scientific support, the anti-vaccination movement continues apace.  Boosted by celebrity “experts” Jenny McCarthy , RFK Jr. , and Dr. Oz , the campaign to discredit vaccination has encouraged many parents to refrain from vaccinating their children, and now we are beginning to see the results.
Dr. Paul Offit writes in the Wall Street Journal :
Almost 8,000 cases of pertussis, better known as whooping cough, have been reported to California’s Public Health Department so far this year. More than 250 patients have been hospitalized, nearly all of them infants and young children, and 58 have required intensive care. Why is this preventable respiratory infection making a comeback? In no small part thanks to low vaccination rates . . .
Who is choosing not to vaccinate? The answer is surprising. The area with the most cases of whooping cough in California is Los Angeles County, and no group within that county has lower immunization rates than residents living between Malibu and Marina Del Ray, home to some of the wealthiest and most exclusive suburbs in the country. At the Kabbalah Children’s Academy in Beverly Hills, 57% of children are unvaccinated. At the Waldorf Early Childhood Center in Santa Monica, it’s 68%, according to the Hollywood Reporter’s analysis of public-health data.
These are the kind of immunization rates that can be found in Chad or South Sudan. . . .
The anti-vaccine junk science has real consequences because it encourages parents not to vaccinate their children, and as vaccination rates decline, the herd immunity that helps protect all of us, and those who are particularly vulnerable most of all.
Children not vaccinated against whooping cough are 24 times more likely to catch the disease. Furthermore, about 500,000 people in the U.S. can’t be vaccinated, either because they are receiving chemotherapy for cancer or immune-suppressive therapies for chronic diseases, or because they are too young. They depend on those around them to be vaccinated. Otherwise, they are often the first to suffer. And because no vaccine is 100% effective, everyone, even those who are vaccinated, is at some risk.
During the Hobby Lobby debate, some wondered what would happen if groups made religious objections to providing vaccines. This is a moot point. At present,  nearly every state allows parents to opt of vaccination requirements for religious reasons.  Some 20 states allow exemptions for “philosophical” reasons too.  Only two states, West Virginia and Mississippi, only allow medical exemptions to vaccine requirements.
Irony alert: RFK Jr. apparently believes  the Koch brothers are guilty of “treason” for supporting climate skeptics and should prosecuted for “reckless endangerment.”  (He apparently ignores their funding of things like this .)  According to RFK Jr., it should be “criminal” (his word) to espouse mistaken views if those views endanger others. By this logic, RFK Jr. himself should have been locked up long ago due to his anti-vaccine crusade.
(Note: Just to be clear, while I believe his anti-vaccine crusade is irresponsible and reprehensible — and have long argued he has trouble with the truth — I don’t support prosecuting RFK Jr. for his antediluvian views on vaccines. The point is that the legal principle he espouses would condemn him as, if not more, easily than those he targets.)
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Sixth Circuit upholds injunction against Ohios voting law changesBy Jonathan H. Adler September 25
On Wednesday, a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit upheld a district court order  granting a preliminary injunction against Ohio’s new election rules.  At issue are rules that, among other things, established uniform early voting rules across the state, cut back Ohio’s expansive early in-person voting period (from 35 to 28 days before the election), and limited early voting on weekends.  Even after these changes, Ohio has one of the most expansive early voting periods in the country, and allows no-excuse absentee voting.  No matter.
In  Ohio State Conference of the NAACP v. Husted , the Sixth Circuit panel concluded that the plaintiffs would be likely to prevail in arguing that the changes to Ohio election laws violate Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act and the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment. The thrust of the opinion suggests that once a state expands voting periods, it cannot cut them back if it can be shown that such changes may disproportionately hurt an identifiable group.  The effect is to turn the VRA and equal protection clause into a ratchet: States don’t have to allow for early in-person voting or weekend voting, but once they do, they can never go back.
University of California at Irvine law professor Rick Hasen, a prominent progressive election law scholar, comments :
Like the district court, this (very liberal) panel of 6th Circuit judges reads both the Equal Protection Clause of the U.S. Constitution as well as Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act very broadly to hold it illegal for Ohio to move from 35 to 28 days of early voting, to eliminate a Sunday of voting used by African-American churches for “Souls to the Polls” drives, and to eliminate “Golden Week,” in which a new (or moving) voter can both register to vote and vote early at the same time.  The court barely mentioned the fact that every voter in Ohio has received a no-excuse absentee ballot application as well. . . .
As Hasen notes, the court’s theory is “expansive” and there was “scant evidence” in the record that Ohio’s changes constitute much of a burden to voters. As for whether the courts approach would prevent states from ever restricting voting times once they had been expanded, Hasen writes:
On the retrogression point, the court says that retrogression is relevant to a section 2 totality of the circumstances analysis.  I think this is right—it is one factor that can be considered.  Where the opinion is more controversial is on the question of what plaintiffs have to show to show that minority voters have meaningfully less opportunity than other voters to participate in the political process and to elect representatives of their choice.  . This is an issue which is dividing the lower courts, from the capacious reading of section 2 in  Frank v. Walker , the federal case striking down Wisconsin’s voter id law, to the much narrower reading of section 2 in North Carolina Conference of the  NAACP v. McCrory , the federal case rejecting a preliminary injunction for cutbacks in early voting and other changes in North Carolina.
Although Hasen may have some sympathy for the Sixth Circuit’s approach here, he is skeptical that a majority of the Supreme Court would agree.  Indeed, it’s not even clear that the full Sixth Circuit, sitting en banc, would endorse this conclusion.  We may yet see, as Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted announced his intention to seek en banc review.
At Excess of Democracy, Pepperdine law professor Derek Muller offers a less sympathetic take on the Sixth Circuit’s decision:
prior to 2005, Ohio had zero days of early in-person voting; until 2014, it was 35 days; and the legislature amended that to 28 days.
That, the Sixth Circuit says, is unconstitutional.
It concludes that this cutback “significantly burdened” African American, lower-income, and homeless voters, so the law was subject to heightened scrutiny.
On what basis? The court notes that African Americas, lower-income individuals, and the homeless are distrustful of voting by mail; the complexities of voting by mail complicate efforts from these affected groups; and that lower-income voters’ reliance on public transportation and wage-based jobs would create difficulties in voting in the 28-day period instead of the 35-day period.
So, it logically follows, that must mean that Ohio’s decision to have zero early voting days from 1803 until 2005 was also unconstitutional. Those reasons, after all, certainly have applied for centuries to the same groups (with perhaps concessions to the nature of “public transportation” in the early nineteenth century).
Muller also attacks the panel’s “grotesque misreading” of Bush v. Gore.
the fundamental problem in Bush v. Gore is the “later . . . treatment” in the context of that very election. Voters went to the polls in Florida in 2000 with Procedure A in place; after the election, Procedure B was instituted. That, to the per curiam majority, was the fundamental problem (whether one agrees or not).
For the Sixth Circuit to extend this principle to all changes ever made to any election system is a sweepingly broad interpretation of Bush v. Gore, one that I don’t think can find any real support in the text of the opinion.
But really, this opinion stands for the broader proposition that once a State enacts a voting law, it is almost impossible to amend it in a way that places any change in burden on the people who took advantage of the process in that law.
It might be that SB 238 is a great law, or a terrible law. It might be that this law empowers a lot of voters who’d have no opportunity to vote, or it has no effect on turnout. I don’t know. And that’s my problem–I can’t tell from this record. From the demands of the Court’s Equal Protection Clause jurisprudence, I’d probably let the law stand. And the court tortures the law because of the utter lack of meaningful facts that support some kind of finding of burden.
Whether or not the full Sixth Circuit hears this case en banc, and whether or not this controversy is resolved before the November elections, I suspect this is not the last we have heard of this case, and I would not be surprised were it to eventually end up before the Supreme Court (where, incidentally, the Sixth Circuit has not had the best track record of late).
UPDATE: Ohio has both filed a petition for rehearing en banc  as well as an application for an emergency stay from the Supreme Court.
UPDATE: More at SCOTUSBlog here .
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Jack in the Box Game Targets Millennialsreddit
Jack in the Box today will launch a Jack's Munchie Peel instant-win game promotion that it believes will resonate more strongly with Millennials than collect-all-the-pieces games...like, for example, the Monopoly game McDonald's is preparing to begin next Tuesday (9/30).
Jack's instant-win stickers are attached to the purple-boxed Munchie Meals it sells only between 9 p.m. and 5 a.m. Millennials are heavily represented in this daypart, which has been a driver of positive same-store sales since the special late-night-only menu was introduced a year ago. One in four stickers is an instant winner. Prizes include Neff apparel; Fandango movie tickets; flights on Southwest Airlines; music downloads; gas cards; and custom Jack in the Box snowboards and skateboards. For everyone 21 or over there also is a second chance to enter to win the grand prize: A two-night VIP experience for four in Las Vegas at the Hard Rock Hotel's MTV Real World Suite.
"Millennials really are the core of our late-night strategy," Jennifer Kennedy, Jack's director of innovation and social engagement, told BurgerBusiness.com in an interview. "Whether they're studying late or working a night shift they've been pivotal to the late-night daypart. So we wanted an instant-win game that appealed to them. We know that Millennials like to make a game of things, whether participating in online video games or through social networks or being the first to do or know or own something. We made Jack's Munchie Peel simple: You peel; you win."
Game stickers also can win food prizes from the late-night menu, which includes a new sandwich targeted to late-night eaters. The new Chick-n-Tater Melt (above) stacks up a fried chicken patty, hash browns and bacon, topped with ranch sauce and three different cheeses on a buttery croissant. It's a savory complement to the spicy Hella-peño Burger (topped with sliced jalapeños, cheese-filled jalapeño poppers and cheesy taco sauce) added to the Munchie Meal lineup in June.
"We know Millennials are always looking to try something different," Innovation Manager Katherine Cerrito told BurgerBusiness.com. "The Chick-n-Tater Melt is the kind of savory product you're craving at midnight and not necessarily something you'd want for your lunch or dinner. Millennials like to try new things and share experiences on social channels. They can say 'Look what I have: A chicken sandwich with hashbrowns on top and it's amazing!'"
Other entrees include the Stacked Grilled Cheese Burger and Loaded Chicken Nuggets, and all Munchie Meals come with two tacos, "halfsie" fries (half regular, half seasoned curly) and a 20-oz. drink.
For its fiscal 2013--ended September 29, 2013--Jack in the Box said the 9-to-5 late-night daypart accounted for 15.3% of total sales (compared with 29.2% for dinner; 23.1% for lunch; 21.8% for breakfast; and 10.6% for snack periods) for the 24-hour concept. Year-to-date in fiscal 2014, the company says that late-night has been the biggest contributor to its sales growth. Through the first three quarters of this year, late night accounts for approximately 16% of the brand's sales.
"We've always been a late-night player and there was a long time when we owned that space. Over the years, we lost that positioning," said Kennedy. "In the past year, when we launched the late-night menu, it was about upping the ante and owning the space again, and it has been a great piece of our business."
The Jack's Munchie Peel game's appeal is not only its simplicity but its honesty, she said. "When brands ask too much of Millennials, it's not mutual appreciation, it's advertising; it's brands saying, 'We need you to do this for us,'" she said. "So ours is not about asking them to keep coming back to win. Whether they engage with Jack once  a month or 10 times a month, we want them to feel they have an equal chance to win.
"I'm not sure that fast-casual is necessarily overshadowing quick-service restaurants," she added. "At the end of the day I think it's always about authenticity and who has it. We are who we are and we take great pride in having been a 'challenger brand' over the years. We just focus on being authentic and relevant, and that has kept the doors open for us with that base."
The late-night menu has its own advertising style and feel, with a Jim Henson Co.-created Jack puppet as the star. Santa Monica, Calif.-based Secret Weapon Marketing is the chain's ad agency.
Follow BurgerBusiness on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BurgerBusiness
More:

Big Pharma = Big LoserBig Pharma Is The Big Loser In New Tax-Dodging Rules
Posted:
Updated:
09/25/2014 10:59 pm EDT
A U.S. flag is reflected in the Pfizer Inc. world headquarters in New York, U.S. (Photo by Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images) | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
There was a time when American pharmaceutical companies had finally found a way to access the large reserves of cash they had piling up in places like the Cayman Islands. The process was simple: Acquire a smaller foreign rival, repatriate in the rival's home country and then dip into the offshore money without fear of paying the U.S. corporate tax rate of 35 percent.
But the U.S. Treasury Department effectively undercut that strategy this week, issuing new rules that will make it a lot harder for U.S. companies to tap into offshore cash without paying taxes -- even if they move their headquarters abroad in one of these deals, known as " inversions ."
There are more than a dozen inversions currently pending, and it's not yet clear whether the raft of new rules will scuttle any of those deals. But of the pending inversions, those involving pharmaceutical and related industries seem to be most immediately at peril, tax experts told The Huffington Post, because those companies are the most likely to be pursuing inversions as a way to get tax-free access to offshore cash.
"The new rules will make these companies stop and think twice," said Frank Clemente, the executive director of Americans for Tax Fairness, a tax reform advocacy group that opposes inversions.
Among the deals that could be in trouble are those involving AbbVie, a drug company, and Medtronic, a medical device supplier. The two American companies have announced plans to buy smaller Irish rivals and then invert, moving their headquarters abroad for the purposes of taxation. Pfizer's on-again, off-again pursuit of the British drugmaker AstraZeneca could also be imperiled. The three U.S. companies collectively hold more than $100 billion offshore, tax filings show.
Shares of Medtronic and AbbVie fell nearly 3 percent and 2 percent, respectively, on Tuesday. Pfizer's stock was down about 0.5 percent.
A Medtronic spokesman said the company was reviewing the Treasury's actions. A spokeswoman for Pfizer said she had no comment, but noted that the company had previously said it did not plan to make a takeover offer for AstraZeneca. (Discussions have continued behind closed doors, according to news reports .) AbbVie did not respond to a request for comment.
Other companies that have pursued inversions -- including Burger King, which is buying Tim Hortons in Canada, and Chiquita, which aims to acquire Fyffes in Ireland -- may not be dissuaded by the new rules. Neither Burger King nor Chiquita has much cash stored abroad. Tax experts say they may be motivated more by the benefits of a practice called "earnings stripping," in which the U.S. subsidiary of the inverted company gets loaded up with debt in a bid to lower the domestic tax bill.
Tax experts estimate that Walgreens, which had planned an inversion with Alliance Boots of Switzerland, could have saved $4 billion over five years through such a tactic. (Fearing a public backlash, Walgreens later canceled its plan to move its headquarters abroad.)
Drug companies don't have much need for earnings stripping, mainly because they have already mastered the art of making it look as if they make much less money than they actually do.
A favorite big-pharma tax-avoidance method is to set up a subsidiary in a low-tax jurisdiction and then sell that subsidiary the patents for certain drugs. The American parent company then pays the subsidiary royalties for medication sold in the U.S. -- thereby reducing its own domestic earnings and lowering its tax bill. This is how many pharma giants have built such big stacks of cash offshore.
In comments Tuesday, Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew acknowledged that the new rules might stop some inversions, but said they were unlikely to kill the practice entirely.
Comprehensive corporate tax reform by Congress "is the only way to fully rein in these transactions," he said.
CORRECTION: This story has been updated to note that Medtronic is a medical device company, not a drug maker.
More:

Belle of last years UNGA ball  Irans Rouhani is now overshadowed by enemies trampling in his backyardBelle of last year’s UNGA ball, Iran’s Rouhani is overshadowed by enemies trampling in his backyard
Written by
September 25, 2014
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani may not get the reception he's used to at the UNGA.(Reuters/Jewel Samad Pool)
SHARE
Bobby Ghosh
September 25, 2014
As the US and its Arab allies launched a second round of airstrikes in Syria against the terrorist army known as ISIL, the reverberations could be felt halfway across the world, at the United Nations General Assembly. The strikes provided the soundtrack to the drama unfolding in New York, where US president Barack Obama worked to strengthen an international coalition against ISIL and made his case to the world in a sharply-worded speech .
For one high-profile delegation in New York, however, news of the latest attacks will have come as an unwelcome distraction. Iran’s leaders have traditionally hogged a great deal of attention at the UNGA; this time, president Hassan Rouhani has struggled to be heard.
Rouhani was the belle of the ball at UNGA 2013, winning plaudits for striking a tone of sweet reasonableness , in sharp contrast to the bellicose hectoring of his predecessor, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. [UPDATED AT 11.51AM] But when he addressed the Assembly today, Iran’s leader had little progress to report.
It’s bad enough that nuclear talks between Tehran and Western powers have hit a roadblock, reducing the chances of further easing of economic sanctions. In his speech, Obama wagged a rhetorical finger at Iran, warning its leaders not to let the opportunity for a nuclear deal pass.
Just as significant, hopes that Rouhani would be an Iranian Gorbachev, introducing glasnost and perestroika to his long-oppressed people, have begun to fade. (His human-rights record was tarnished by reports about the plight of a British-Iranian woman who was jailed, apparently for watching a volleyball match .)
In interviews and public appearances leading up to his speech, Rouhani had his feet put to the fire for his government’s treatment of its own people. He was at a loss to explain the arbitrary arrest of the journalists  Jason Rezaian and Yeganeh Salehi. He could not even promise to speed up their trial , displaying a powerlessness that undermines his claim that he has the authority to make a deal with the West and the ability to sell it to hardliners back home.
Rouhani was reduced to critiquing the Obama administration’s actions in Syria, a theme he continued into h is speech to the Assembly . It was the West and its allies who spawned ISIL, he suggested, blithely ignoring his own country’s long history of supporting terrorist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas.
Iran’s alarm about the week’s developments in Syria and Iraq is not hard to understand. The US-led war against ISIL—also known as ISIS, or the Islamic State—represents both an opportunity and a challenge for Tehran’s Shia theocratic regime. On the one hand, any weakening of the Sunni terrorist group represents, at least in the short-term, a gain for Syria’s Shia dictator Bashar al-Assad, long Iran’s puppet. It also eases pressure on the Iraqi government, which is dominated by Iran’s proteges.
Those are the very outcomes Iran has sought for the past three years, as it had led the fight against the terrorists. In Syria, Tehran was represented by its reliable proxy, Lebanon’s Hezbollah militia; in Iraq, the ISIL threat was deemed so dire that Iran dispatched Qassem Soleimani, commander of the notorious Quds Force—an elite unit of the regime’s Revolutionary Guards—to help in the defense of Baghdad. Soleimani was accompanied by 70 men, the modern equivalent of the ‘Immortals’ of ancient Persia .
On the other hand, Iran now faces the disturbing prospect of Sunni-Arab nations, backed by the US, trampling on what Tehran considers its backyard. The fight against ISIL is being led by a coalition of countries that have traditionally been hostile to Tehran, and the Obama administration, having pressured the pro-Iranian Nouri al-Maliki to give up the prime ministership of Iraq, is leaning on his successor, Haider al-Abadi , to make concessions to Sunnis.
There was a hint of desperation in a statement the Revolutionary Guards , claiming that the commander of its elite unit—and not US airstrikes—had stopped ISIL at the gates of Erbil, capital of Iraqi Kurdistan, last month. “If Iran hadn’t helped, [ISIL] would have taken over Kurdistan,” Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh said in the statement. “Our great commander, General Soleimani, stopped the advance of [ISIL] with 70 people, and they were not able to enter Erbil.”
Rouhani indulged in some self-congratulation himself, touting Iran as an island of stability in stormy waters. But try as he might, he could not paper over the paranoid repression of his government.
Although he hasn’t been the center of attention this time around, Rouhani’s dance card in New York was hardly blank. He did get to meet with David Cameron , the British prime minister, and with French president Francois Hollande . But there was no direct meeting with the American president , and the Iranians didn’t get the photo-op they craved most: an Obama-Rouhani handshake on the floor of the General Assembly.
Ah, well. There’s always next year’s ball.
Share this:

Chinas investment in infrastructure is exactly what made Alibabas IPO possibleChina’s investment in infrastructure is exactly what made Alibaba’s IPO possible
Written by
Parag Khanna Fellow, New America Foundation & JT Singh Director, JT Singh and Co
September 25, 2014
See you in Fuzhou.(Photo/JT Singh)
SHARE
Parag Khanna Fellow, New America Foundation & JT Singh Director, JT Singh and Co
Obsession
China's Transition
September 25, 2014
Alibaba’s recent IPO and early market capitalization of $230 billion brought repeated reminders that its value has catapulted ahead of that of Amazon. and eBay combined. What has allowed the Chinese e-commerce giant to grow so massively is the confluence of urbanization, infrastructure investment and digital connectivity, together providing the foundation for an efficient network across hundreds of first-, second- and third-tier cities.
Over the past decade, both of us have traveled extensively in all corners of China and witnessed this “next China” emerging. Visiting China’s next urban tier scattered about the country reveals the flaws in the Western economic critique of China. While prominent economists continue to deride China’s over-investment in infrastructure, it is precisely what makes rags to riches stories like Alibaba possible. As the World Bank demonstrated in a report published in 2013, high-speed rail, for example, has been a crucial factor in promoting geographic and thus social mobility in the aftermath of the financial crisis when many export-dependent jobs suddenly evaporated.
One should think of China not as a monolithic empire but a lattice of cities whose increasingly dense ties follow Metcalfe’s Law: the value of a network increases exponentially as the number of connections grows. Alibaba’s investors certainly see it that way.
Currently, according to research by McKinsey, 600 urban centers represent 60% of the world’s GDP. By 2025, 100 of the world’s top 600 economic cities are projected to be in China. While this is proportionate to China’s share of the world population, the urban base means a significantly accelerated capacity for economic growth, which occurs much faster in cities—and particularly in connected cities.
Importantly, China has 200 cities with a population of at least one million, the minimum population required for sustained economic diversification.
Given China’s massive urbanization campaign, there is much more still to build. Yet visiting China’s thriving interior second-tier cities reminds of how quickly the image of China as the world’s factory floor is being superseded. While millions of poor migrants still sweat long hours on assembly lines producing cheap goods, new industries in the technology and services sectors are rapidly replacing traditional manufacturing as the driver of employment and wage growth. Just think of PC-maker Lenovo and telecoms giant Huawei.
It has surprised many foreigners that China’s new vanguard of global companies are not even based in Beijing or Shanghai. Alibaba was founded and remains headquartered in Hangzhou, while Tencent (which operates the popular WeChat messaging service) is based in Shenzhen, as is Huawei. SunTech Power, the world’s largest solar panel producer, is located in Wuxi, which has become a hub for China’s renewable energy industry.
Companies fall into a spectrum in their dealings with China. Some are already deeply embedded, with significant product development, manufacturing, and sales in China—examples include Siemens, Hewlett-Packard, Coca-Cola and others. Some are limiting their exposure to China and seeking alternative production centers. Taiwan’s FoxConn, for example, is building new assembly plants for iPads and other electronics in Indonesia and even the US (but aims to staff them with robots, not humans). A very large swath of multinationals, however, is just now in the research phase about where to build (or build out) their footprint on the mainland. For these companies, a whole new urban geographic vocabulary awaits.
Indeed, even as net foreign investment into China decreases as multinationals seek lower-wage production elsewhere in Asia, multinationals are also flocking into China to expand sales into the emerging urban middle class. Expats moving to China to promote exports and sales will increasingly find themselves, in addition to the aforementioned cities, living in Tianjin, Guangzhou, Chongqing, Nanjing, Wuhan, Shenyang, Suzhou, Foshan, Dalian and other currently second-tier urban centers whose populations and economic gravity are steadily rising on the back of multi-industry cluster strategies.
These cities have also launched intensive campaigns to attract domestic and foreign talent. While Shanghai has no trouble recruiting the best and brightest, Foshan, a manufacturing hub in southern Guangdong province, has just hired five foreigners to work in the government exclusively on luring fresh FDI and residents. Bear in mind that as China’s industry cleans up, southern China will get a fresh look. Fuzhou, for example, in Fujian province, is the ancestral home of many overseas Chinese diaspora in Southeast Asia looking for a foothold back on the mainland, and is also ranked one of the most livable cities in China.
Upon his election as the new Indian prime minister, Narendra Modi immediately announced plans to construct 100 new cities from mixed-use developments to special economic zones to stimulate Indian urbanization, job creation and growth. If America was home to the “consumer of last resort” in the twentieth century, in the twenty-first century it will be urban Asia whose consumption propels world economic growth.
Follow Parag on Twitter @ParagKhanna  and JT Singh @ jtssingh . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Coffee Is Killing Your ProductivityIt looks so tempting, but perhaps it's time to cut back.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Inc .
You already know that caffeine is a drug, but really thinking about what that means in terms of physiological effects on your body can be a little alarming.
Advertisement
Travis Bradberry, co-founder of emotional intelligence testing and training company TalentSmart, is out with a new post on LinkedIn that makes the case as to why your daily coffee habits are terrible for your personal productivity. Bradberry points to research from Johns Hopkins Medical School, which suggests that those good vibes and the boost in energy you get from drinking a cup of coffee are the results of temporarily reversing the symptoms of caffeine withdrawal. 
In other words, that euphoric short-term state that you enter after drinking coffee is what nonhabitual caffeine consumers are experiencing all of the time. The difference is that for coffee drinkers, the feeling doesn't last. “Coming off caffeine reduces your cognitive performance and has a negative impact on your mood. The only way to get back to normal is to drink caffeine, and when you do drink it, you feel like it’s taking you to new heights,” Bradberry explained. “In reality, the caffeine is just taking your performance back to normal for a short period.”
It gets worse. Bradberry goes on to explain why coffee also results in a loss of inhibitions. He says that caffeine triggers the release of adrenaline—the source of the “fight or flight” response. “The fight-or-flight mechanism sidesteps rational thinking in favor of a faster response. This is great when a bear is chasing you, but not so great when you’re responding to a curt email,” Bradberry writes. 
What's more, once caffeine is in your system, it takes a very long time to leave. If your morning ritual involves having a cup of coffee at 8 a.m., 25 percent of that caffeine will still be in your body at 8 p.m. When you do turn in for the night, any caffeine left in your body will result in reduced REM sleep—the deep sleep your body needs to recharge.
Top Comment
If you think coffee is bad for my productivity, you should see what web browsing and forum posting is doing to it.   More...
-SMays1
Join In
How's that for a grim world for coffee lovers? Even if you're not ready to give up your daily caffeine intake, Bradberry’s points do provide a reason to consider at least cutting back. As Inc.'s Jessica Stillman pointed out in a recent post, the most important thing to consider when limiting your caffeine consumption is when and if your body really needs it. For example, after a good night's sleep, your body is refreshed. So consider holding off on brewing that cup of coffee—at least till late morning anyway. 

1984 riots case: HC denies bail for time being to 2convictsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:47 pm
On Thursday the Delhi High Court said it will not grant bail for the time being to two of the three convicts serving life term in a 1984 anti-Sikh riots case in which five members of a family were killed.
A bench of justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Mukta Gupta said it will first hear arguments on their appeals against their conviction before passing any order on suspension of sentence.
“We have to deal with the appeals related to death of five persons here, so we need to go through the evidence throughly, we will not give bail today,” it said.
The court’s observation came while hearing the bail pleas of convicts Girdhari Lal and ex-councillor Balwan Khokar who have also challenged their conviction and award of life sentence by the trial court in May last year.
The court also noted that the bail plea of co-convict Balwan Khokar, who was also awarded life term in the case, has already been dismissed by it and hence, it will not grant the relief at this stage.
It, however, said that two other convicts, ex-MLA Mahinder Yadav and Kishan Khokkar, who were awarded three years jail term in milder penal provisions, will remain out.
Meanwhile, the court asked the prosecution to provide the copies of testimonies of prosecution witnesses, including that of complainant Jagdish Kaur. The trial court has relied upon them while convicting the accused.
It also directed the prosecution to provide the copy of the affidavit filed by Kaur before the Rangnath Misra Commission within two days.
The court said it will hear the bail pleas on October 10.
Besides Girdhari Lal, the trial court had also awarded life term to two others, Balwan Khokar and retired naval officer Captain Bhagmal, in the case.
Senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar was acquitted in the case.

SBI has exposure of Rs 4 130cr in cos hit by coal orderSep 25, 2014, 07.35 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'SBI has exposure of Rs 4,130cr in cos hit by coal order'
The SBI chief, however, said that it would impact the margin of power plants. So, to that extent whatever is the margin that will determine what will be the status of that account, she said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'SBI has exposure of Rs 4,130cr in cos hit by coal order'
The SBI chief, however, said that it would impact the margin of power plants. So, to that extent whatever is the margin that will determine what will be the status of that account, she said.
Post your opinion here
 
State Bank of India  today said it has exposure of about Rs 4,100 crore to companies that will be impacted by the Supreme Court order quashing 214 coal blocks . SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya, however, added that loans extended to the power plants would not become NPA as the government had indicated that it would make some arrangement to provide coal linkage despite cancellation of mines.
"These are units where power units are getting set up. They were supposed to mine the coal thereafter use it for generation of power instead of that they will have to get coal from somewhere else," she said. "These companies have exposure around Rs 4,130 crore.
There is nothing to be unduly worried about it. The (Coal) Ministry has indicated that they will make some arrangement for giving linkages from elsewhere and also thereafter they will go for rebidding or re-auction for mines," she said.
The SBI chief, however, said that it would impact the margin of power plants. So, to that extent whatever is the margin that will determine what will be the status of that account, she said. Emphasising that cancellation of 122 telecom licences in 2012 did not lead to huge amount of NPA, she said in this case also there will be takers and chances of assets turning bad is minimal.
Talking about stock spilt, she said, it is to ensure that volume goes up and retail investors are able to buy stocks. "We were seeing falling of retail investors," she added. Yesterday, SBI approved sub-division of one equity share into ten.
Asked about expectation from the forthcoming monetary policy review, Bhattacharya said the RBI is likely keep interest rate unchanged. The RBI is scheduled to announce bi-monthly monetary policy on September 30. Later in the day, SBI in a statement said the exposure of the bank to the affected companies by cancellation of 214 coal blocks by the Supreme Court is substantially lower. It does not apprehend any major problem or difficulty in recovery of the dues.
This statement came in the light a senior advocate appearing on behalf of Coal producers' Association submitting to the Supreme Court that the SBI may suffer a loss of up to Rs 78,263 crore which is almost 7.9 percent of its networth for the financial year 2013. Refuting this, SBI that the above figures have not been furnished by the bank.
SBI stock price
On November 21, 2014, State Bank of India closed at Rs 305.05, up Rs 7.95, or 2.68 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2977.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 291.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.70 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.43. The latest book value of the company is Rs 158.43 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.93.
RELATED NEWS

Foreign investment limit in City Union Bank raised to 40%Sep 25, 2014, 08.09 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Foreign investment limit in City Union Bank raised to 40%
The restiction was lifted after the company board passed resolution for purchase of equity shares by FIIs/RFPIs/QFIs up to 40 per cent (from 35 per cent earlier) of their paid-up capital.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Foreign investment limit in City Union Bank raised to 40%
The restiction was lifted after the company board passed resolution for purchase of equity shares by FIIs/RFPIs/QFIs up to 40 per cent (from 35 per cent earlier) of their paid-up capital.
Post your opinion here
 
The RBI today notified that foreign investment limit in City Union Bank has been raised to 40 percent, following which the restriction placed on purchase of shares of the firm by overseas investors has been lifted.
"...the foreign shareholding by FIIs/RFPIs in City Union Bank has gone below the revised threshold limit stipulated under the extant FDI Policy. "Hence, the restrictions placed on the purchase of shares of the above company on July 18, 2014 are withdrawn with immediate effect," RBI said a release.
Earlier the limit for such investment was 35 percent. The restiction was lifted after the company board passed resolution for purchase of equity shares by FIIs/RFPIs/QFIs up to 40 per cent (from 35 per cent earlier) of their paid-up capital.
"Equity shares of City Union Bank can now be purchased through primary market and stock exchanges," RBI said.
City Union Bank stock price
On November 21, 2014, City Union Bank closed at Rs 93.65, up Rs 3.00, or 3.31 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 93.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 45.65.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.14 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 15.25. The latest book value of the company is Rs 34.07 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.75.
RELATED NEWS

JK Tyre Industries to split stock in 1:5 ratioSep 25, 2014, 07.32 PM IST  | Source: PTI
JK Tyre & Industries to split stock in 1:5 ratio
"The Board of Directors of the company at its meeting held on September 25, 2014, has approved sub-division of 1 equity share of the face value of Rs 10 each into 5 equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each," JK Tyre & Industries said in a filing to BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JK Tyre & Industries to split stock in 1:5 ratio
"The Board of Directors of the company at its meeting held on September 25, 2014, has approved sub-division of 1 equity share of the face value of Rs 10 each into 5 equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each," JK Tyre & Industries said in a filing to BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
JK Tyre & Industries  Ltd today said that its board has approved splitting its equity shares in 1:5 ratio.
"The Board of Directors of the company at its meeting held on September 25, 2014, has approved sub-division of 1 equity share of the face value of Rs 10 each into 5 equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each," JK Tyre & Industries said in a filing to BSE.
However, it further added that the sub-division "is subject to approval of the members and any other statutory and regulatory approvals".
Earlier, this week JK Tyre & Industries Ltd had informed that it was considering a stock split plan and its board will take up the matter today.
As per information available on the BSE, the company has a total of 4,10,59,346 shares, out of which 47.34 percent is held by promoter group, while the public holding is 52.66 percent.
Shares of JK Tyre & Industries today closed at Rs 449.30 per share, down 7.02 percent from the previous close on the BSE.
JK Tyre & Ind stock price
On November 21, 2014, JK Tyre and Industries closed at Rs 513.95, up Rs 1.35, or 0.26 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 542.05 and the 52-week low was Rs 133.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 39.48 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 13.02. The latest book value of the company is Rs 203.62 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.52.
RELATED NEWS

Top 10 Luxury Properties of IndiaTop 10 Luxury Properties of India
Thu, Sep 25, 2014 at 19:39
| Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lodha World One
Mumbai 
Projected to be the tallest residential apartments in the world, Lodha World One has been designed by Italian couturier Giorgio Armani.
Sign in

Delhi: LNJP Hospital nurse allegedly murdered6
1
New Delhi: The 45-year-old LNJP Hospital nurse who was found dead at her staff quarter last week was allegedly murdered by an advocate with whom her relationship had gone sour after the latter married another woman.
The deceased, identified as Nirmala Devi, who worked as a staff nurse at LNJP hospital was found murdered at her government quarter on the night of September 20 where she lived alone.
During the course of investigation, call records of Nirmala Devi, who was a divorcee, revealed that a number was frequently in touch with her.
The deceased, identified as Nirmala Devi, who worked as a staff nurse at LNJP hospital was found murdered at her government quarter on the night of September 20 where she lived alone.
#delhi #lnjp hospital #murder #delhi police
"On further investigation, it was found that the mobile number was being used by one Vishvabandhu, an advocate by profession. Locals also informed that he used to regularly visit the deceased at her government quarter and even stayed there occasionally. It also came to light that everything was not going well between them," said Additional Commissioner of Police (Central) Alok Kumar.
On thorough questioning, Vishvabandhu disclosed that he was known to the deceased for about seven years. He had married another woman in November last year which led to differences between them. The deceased used to threaten him of ruining his married life and they often had arguments over the issue, police said.
On September 17, Vishwabandhu called Nirmala Devi at 1:37 PM and told her that he would be coming to see her at her apartment. "In the night, he reached her apartment and as part of his plan, when she went to the washroom, he caught her from behind and forced her head into a plastic tub filled with water till the time he thought that she had died. Thereafter, he poured bucket-full of water over her to ensure that she dies in water," said Kumar.
The incident had come to light three days later when deceased's younger brother Anand Kumar, a resident of Haryana, reached his sister's quarter along with his brother-in-law Rajat after the family's repeated calls to Nirmala Devi remained unanswered.
Kumar found the dead body of his sister in the bathroom of her government quarter following which police was informed.
1

Delhi: PWD  Forest department have failed to adopt proper methodology  says NGT2
1
New Delhi: The National Green Tribunal on Thursday said that Public Works Department (PWD) and Department of Forest have failed to adopt proper methodology for transplantation of trees for construction of elevated road from Vikaspuri to Mukarba chowk resulting in degradation of environment.
The observation came after the counsel for PWD told the Tribunal that it was not possible for it to save or transplant trees that will be felled during construction of elevated road project.
A bench, headed by NGT chairperson Justice Swatanter Kumar, directed both the departments to file a proper affidavit in this regard within two weeks from Thursday.
The observation came after the counsel for PWD told the Tribunal that it was not possible for it to save or transplant trees that will be felled during construction of elevated road project.
#delhi #ngt #pwd #forest
"It is clear from the records and even as now admitted by Mr Buxy, Conservator of Forest, that the Department of Forest and PWD both have failed to adopt proper methodology for transplantation of trees which they had already transplanted. This has resulted in dual damage.
"First that the value of the trees has been lost and secondly there has been degradation of environment. In the documents placed before us now, it is evident that despite subsequent directions of the Tribunal and even the assurance given by these Departments only one species of trees has been planted, thus further causing damage to environment," the bench said.
The Tribunal, however, allowed the cutting of trees by Forest Department along the elevated road project saying the entire process would be videographed.
"In the interest of the project, we permit the Department to transplant or remove the trees if it is absolutely essential but would maintain due records thereof and videography," the bench said.
The Tribunal was hearing a plea by PC Prasad who has challenged the clearance granted to the elevated road project to cut over 1,400 trees in the entire Vikas Puri-Mukarba Chowk stretch of the Outer Ring Road.
2

12 new judges of Punjab  Haryana High Court sworn-in3
0
Chandigarh: The 12 new Additional judges of Punjab and Haryana High Court on Thursday took the oath of office and secrecy.
Acting Chief Justice of Punjab and Haryana High Court, Justice Ashutosh Mohunta administered the oath of office and secrecy to the new Additional Judges, including three women, an official spokesperson said.
With this, the number of Judges in the High Court has increased to 57. Those judges who were sworn in on Thursday include Bawa Singh Walia, Rajmohan Singh, Jaishree Thakur, Amit Rawal, Deepak Sibal, Hari Pal Verma, Anupinder Singh Grewal, Raj Rahul Garg, Gurmit Ram, Sneh Prashar, Darshan Singh and Shekhar Kumar Dhawan.
Acting Chief Justice of Punjab and Haryana High Court, Justice Ashutosh Mohunta administered the oath of office and secrecy to the new Additional Judges, including three women, an official spokesperson said.

Eric Holder to Step Down as US Attorney General  According to DOJ OfficialObama Announces Attorney General Eric Holder's Resignation
Sep 25, 2014, 4:41 PM ET
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. announces his resignation while joined by President Barack Obama, Sept. 25, 2014 in Washington.
Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Share
Copy
Attorney General Eric Holder, the first African-American to be the nation's top cop, announced today that he is resigning.
President Obama made the official announcement at the White House alongside Holder at the White House this afternoon.
“Through it all he's shown a deep and abiding fidelity to one of our cherished ideals as a people and that is equal justice under the law,” Obama said.
Speaking in the East Room of the White House, the president praised Holder for doing a “superb job,” ticking off his impressive work to root out corruption and fight violent crime, lower the incarceration rate and protect civil rights.
“It’s a pretty good track record,” Obama said.
The announcement comes after his nearly six years at the helm of the department that were marked by both highs and lows for a man who came in to revamp what many considered a demoralized and scandal-plagued institution.
Under Holder's leadership, the Justice Department saw "historic gains in the areas of criminal justice reform and civil rights enforcement," particularly on the issues of gay rights, sentencing reform and voting rights, and in the coming weeks Holder is expected to impose new curbs on racial profiling in law enforcement, a department official told ABC News.
4 People Who Could Replace Attorney General Eric Holder
In a recent interview with ABC News' Pierre Thomas, Holder, 63, described his time leading the Justice Department as "demanding" but "the honor of my professional life," serving the American people.
"I hope I've done a good job," the native New Yorker said. "I've certainly tried to do as good a job as I can. There are sacrifices that I've had to make, that my family has had to make."
Holder became a lightning rod for Republicans, who held him in contempt of Congress for refusing to hand over documents related to the Fast and Furious gunrunning scandal. An independent inspector general's investigation cleared Holder of any wrongdoing in developing the tactics or cases behind Fast and Furious.
In addition, Holder was forced to revise how the Justice Department handles journalists after an uproar over the department's secret seizure of reporters' phone records and the department dubbing one journalist a "criminal co-conspirator."
Among his other "key accomplishments," according to the Justice Department, are his declining to defend the Defense of Marriage Act , which barred the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages, and extending federal benefits to same-sex couples. The department also says Holder has been "vindicate[d]" over the use of federal civilian courts to prosecute terrorism suspects, and Holder recently said that if 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Muhammad and his co-conspirators had been prosecuted in Manhattan, as he originally planned, they would already have been convicted and sentenced.
Holder will stay on as attorney general until a successor is confirmed by the Senate, potentially into the new year.
Holder has been discussing his plans with President Obama for months, and he made a final decision after an hour-long talk with the president over Labor Day weekend, according to the Justice Department official.
Holder has worked at the Justice Department for a total of 26 years, serving at almost every level, according to the department. After working as a career prosecutor on corruption cases and in other positions, President Bill Clinton appointed him to be the U.S. Attorney for Washington, D.C. He served in that role until 1997, when he was appointed Deputy Attorney General, according to the Justice Department.
Holder is married to Dr. Sharon Malone and has three children.
In light of the recent unrest in Ferguson, Mo., after he officially steps down Holder wants "to continue helping to restore trust between law enforcement and minority communities," the Justice Department said. "As a career prosecutor with strong relationships with law enforcement, as well as the first African-American Attorney General who retains deep ties to leading civil rights organizations, Holder is uniquely positioned to help lead such a project.

Chris Cillizza and Paul KaneLoad More
About
Juliet Eilperin is a White House correspondent for The Washington Post, covering domestic and foreign policy as well as the culture of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. She is the author of two books—one on sharks, and another on Congress, not to be confused with each other—and has worked for the Post since 1998. She previously served as the Post’s House of Representatives correspondent and national environmental reporter.
Most Read

New York high school bars National Guard recruiter from distributing National Guard T-shirts (and bars students from wearing them)CBS 6 Albany reports :
T-shirts handed out by a National Guard recruiter at a local high school have caused heated debate among parents, students and the school district. The Ravena-Coeymans-Selkirk superintendent says the shirts are not appropriate for students to be wearing in school.
The T-shirts in question say “National Guard” across the top and then show the silhouette of a solider holding a gun in front of the American Flag. The school district says it has a very strict policy forbidding students from wearing any clothing that has a weapon on it….
Superintendent of RCS Schools, Alan McCartney says rules are rules and if an exception is made for one shirt with a gun on it, where do you draw the line? “One of the problems you have in school during this period in our history is that the weapon becomes the focal point for some people,” McCartney says…. “[T]his has nothing to do with patriotism, nothing to do with anybody disliking the military, it has nothing to do with the recruiter himself, it just has to do with the fact that there was a weapon on the shirt and that just doesn’t have a place in a high school,” he says….
A number of students refused to take the shirts off on Friday, saying that they felt the policy was disrespectful to the recruiter who is an active member of the National Guard.
Todd Starnes (Fox News) adds:
“A pointed gun is just not appropriate for a high school,” said Alan McCartney, the interim superintendent of the Ravena-Coeymans-Selkirk School District….
“A couple of teachers realized [the T-shirt] showed a silhouette of a rifleman on it,” McCartney told me in a telephone interview. “I realize some students look at the t-shirt and all they see is the National Guard. And that is a good thing. Others look at the shirt and all they see is the rifle.” …
McCartney told me the shirts violated the school’s dress code.
“Our code of conduct says no t-shirts depicting violence or weapons,” he said….
“Where do you draw the line?” the superintendent asked. “Is it okay to wear this weapon because it’s a National Guardsman wielding it? (But it’s not okay) if you’ve got a t-shirt on from a video game that shows somebody aiming at gun at somebody’s head?”
We try to be consistent, he said.
“We are here to educate students to be neutral,” McCartney said. “To create an environment where there isn’t a lot of controversy within the environment.”
Well, you could draw a line where the Supreme Court drew the line, vague as it is: where speech creates a substantial disruption to school activities (and not just “controversy within the environment”), where it contains vulgarities or sexual innuendo, or where it is not political but is plausibly interpreted as advocating seriously harmful illegal conduct (such as drug use, or perhaps gun crime). And you could figure out where not to draw the line by looking at cases such as Newsom ex rel. Newsom v. Albemarle County School Bd. (4th Cir. 2003) , which held that a school ban on “messages on clothing, jewelry, and personal belongings that relate to … weapons” was likely unconstitutionally overbroad.
And you could recognize that pictures of weapons — which are an important part of history, of lawful American life, and naturally of our national defense — are not out of place on the New York state flag, the Great Seal of the United States, National Guard T-shirts, or in high schools more broadly.
Thanks to Robert Dittmer for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Ferguson police chief to Michael Browns family: Im truly sorryBy Sarah Larimer and Kimberly Kindy September 25 Follow @slarimer Follow @kimberlykindy
Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson directly addressed Michael Brown's family, saying that he is "truly sorry for the loss of your son." Devin James Group owns all the rights to this video. (Courtesy of the Devin James Group)
The police chief of Ferguson, Mo., on Thursday apologized to the family of Michael Brown, nearly seven weeks after their son was fatally shot by an officer in the St. Louis suburb.
“No one who has not experienced the loss of a child can understand what you’re feeling,” Police Chief Thomas Jackson said in a videotaped apology that aired on CNN and released by a public relations firm working with the city. “I’m truly sorry for the loss of your son. I’m also sorry that it took so long to remove Michael from the street.”
Brown, a black teenager, was shot and killed by white Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9 . He was unarmed at the time of the fatal shooting, and it took about four hours for his body to be removed from Canfield Drive .
“The time that it took involved very important work on the part of investigators who were trying to collect evidence and gain a true picture of what happened that day,” Jackson said. “But it was just too long, and I’m truly sorry for that. Please know that the investigating officers meant no disrespect to the Brown family, to the African American community, or the people of Canfield. They were simply trying to do their jobs.”
Chief Jackson’s apology to the Browns and the St. Louis community shouldn’t be in the form of a scripted video, but in a resignation letter.
— Antonio French (@AntonioFrench) September 25, 2014
When asked about the four-hour delay at a forum last month, Ferguson Mayor James Knowles III said that authorities were trying to avoid the appearance of the cover-up or an improper investigation.
“It was a crime scene that had to be investigated by a third party,” said Knowles , who told the crowd that he had not yet “had an opportunity” to apologize to Brown’s family.
A phone message left for a Ferguson spokesman was not immediately returned, nor was an email sent Thursday morning.
“We feel that the apology comes at a time when the trust and the confidence in the chief has already reached an all-time and irreversible low,” attorney Anthony Gray said in a statement on behalf of the Brown family. “And it is nearly impossible to measure any reach of his apology at this time. Most observers, we believe, are already locked into their opinions about the handling of the shooting of this unarmed teen. Dynamite, much less an apology, will do little to move anyone off their opinions at this point.”
Patricia Bynes, Democratic committeewoman of Ferguson Township , called the video a “good first step,” but not one that would end calls for Jackson to step down.
“Is it too little too late? Yes,” she said. “Are we still mad? Yes. Are we still asking him to resign? Yes. But with this, we can breathe a little bit.”
Jackson told CNN he wouldn’t resign .
“I’ve talked to a lot of people who have initially called for that and then changed their mind after having meetings and discussions about moving forward,” he said. “Realistically, I’m going to stay here and see this through. This is mine, and I’m taking ownership of it.”
The death of Brown sparked unrest in Ferguson , where protesters gathered and were met with police in riot gear. Those tactics were widely criticized in the weeks that followed , and local law enforcement agencies are now under review for their policies and procedures .
“I do want to say to any peaceful protester who did not feel that I did enough to protect their constitutional right to protest, I am sorry for that,” Jackson said. “The right of the people to peacefully assemble is what the police are here to protect. If anyone who was peacefully exercising that right is upset and angry, I feel responsible and I am sorry.”
NOTE: The video — “Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson’s Urgent Announcement” — was provided by the Devin James Group  on  Vimeo .
[This post has been updated multiple times.]
RELATED:

U.S. stocks fall sharplyWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Stocks spiral lower  Dow tumbles 200 pointsNASDAQ
---
After a 264-point drop that pushed it below 17,000, the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 264.26 points, or 1.5 percent, to 16,945.80, with JPMorgan Chase leading blue-chip declines that extended to all 30 components.
The S&P 500 lost 32.31 points, or 1.6 percent, to 1,965.99, with technology knocked the hardest among its 10 main industry groups.
The Nasdaq declined 88.47 points, or 1.9 percent, to 4,466.75.
For every share rising, five fell on the New York Stock Exchange, where nearly 737 million shares traded. Composite volume neared 3.3 billion.
The Jewish holiday of Rosh Hashanah was likely keeping a portion of investors sidelined.
The dollar extended its advance versus the currencies of major U.S. trading partners, while dollar-denominated commodities including gold and oil were mixed.
"The stronger U.S. dollar could be one of the items that clips a bit off the top side of third-quarter and fourth-quarter earnings. Combined with a weakening Europe and China, third-quarter and fourth-quarter earnings could be at risk," said Russell.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude-oil futures for November delivery shed 27 cents to $92.53 a barrel and gold futures for December rose $2.40 to $1,221.90 an ounce.
Lucas Jackson | Reuters
Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note used to figure mortgage rates and other consumer loans fell 6 basis points to 2.504 percent.
The 10-year Treasury yield's level remains "conducive for moderately improving earnings expectations," Nick Raich, CEO at The Earnings Scout, wrote in an emailed note.
On Wednesday, stocks rallied, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq halting a three-day losing run, after an upbeat report on new-home sales and as investors bet on further monetary stimulus from the European Central Bank.
"The market looks tired. We thought yesterday (Wednesday) was a bit of a technical bounce in an oversold market. Today is a continuation of what's probably a short-term to medium-term trend for flat to lower prices. We're setting up for what is likely to be a strong year-end," said Russell at US Bank Wealth Management.
Read More Stock rally halts 3-day rout for S&P 500, Nasdaq
Parsons: US economy stronger, Europe puzzling
Providence Equity Partners' Richard Parson shares his thoughts on the U.S. and global economy. Europe's economy is still a big question mark, says Parsons.
Coming Up This Week:

New York Times Editor Announces Huge Staff Changesreddit
New York Times executive editor Dean Baquet announced the much-anticipated staff changes at the newspaper in a memo to staffers on Wednesday.
Baquet eliminated the position of managing editor and promoted senior editors Matt Purdy, Susan Chira, Ian Fisher and Janet Elder to jointly take on the role of deputy executive editor, a move that completely remodeled the Times' traditional masthead structure. Each editor will oversee a different and specific area of coverage. Tom Bodkin, who was previously the design director and a deputy managing editor, will now assume the position of creative director -- a role Baquet said is on the same level as the deputy executive editor positions.
In the memo, Baquet suggested that the changes are not yet complete, and cautioned the newsroom not to see the shakeups so much as a matter of moving "up" and "down." Baquet added that staffers should expect to see changes in digital operations very soon.
“I anticipate people moving on and off the masthead as our needs evolve,” he wrote. “It is important that these moves not be seen as measures of who is up and who is down, but rather as appointments aimed at keeping our journalism and our entire operation as vibrant as possible.”
Capital New York's Joe Pompeo reported last week that changes to the Times' masthead were "imminent," anticipating the movement of the four senior editors to report as Baquet's new deputies. The question of who Baquet would promote, and how he would organize those positions, has been in question since he took over for former editor Jill Abramson in May. Baquet formerly worked as Abramson's deputy, before the paper's publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr chose Baquet to replace her in a very public and controversial ousting.
Wednesday's masthead changes are the biggest since Baquet took the reins, but there have been several other moves internally in recent months. Baquet announced the addition of several deputy-level editors in the newsroom in July.
Read the full memo at Next Level News .
More:

Business Tips from The Beatlesreddit
Everyone knows that The Beatles broke up because of Yoko Ono, right?  Well, like every relationship, it's more complicated than one factor bringing down the whole house.
One of the biggest issues the Beatles had from the first time they recorded an album together was fighting over which songs would make it to the album.  This is very significant because whoever is listed with a songwriting credit on a song that becomes a hit gets not only the accolades, but some or all of the publishing money , which comes from how often a song is played on the radio or licensed for commercial use.
As noted in Wikipedia :
Lennon and McCartney would often compose one song per album for Starr to sing, and let Harrison either cover an old standard, or record one of his own compositions. ... Though Harrison emerged as a proficient songwriter and producer, he nonetheless continued to have his song ideas for the most part rejected. He became frustrated and this led to estrangement from the rest of the group.
Band members who do not receive money from publishing have to rely on an advance from the record label that is essentially a loan against the future costs of recording, marketing, PR, and other costs of doing business which the band has little say over.  Beyond this, band members live off of a cut of the profits from touring and selling merchandise for income.
Since publishing royalties can be the best opportunity for earning income, watching one or two members live large from this income while you struggle financially can breed discontent and feelings of not being appreciated.
The Band and The Eagles are two examples of countless bands like The Beatles that couldn't overcome fights over royalties. R.E.M and Depeche Mode are examples of bands that learned from The Beatles' mistake.  They give every band member a songwriting credit on every song on every album.  Even though only one or two members may have written some songs, it took all of the members to add their creative input, musical talent, and execution to produce each song.
All businesses, like bands, are made up of a collective of individuals.  Though some may contribute in larger ways than others, no one person is responsible for the company's success.   It's important to share accolades, credit, and profits with the core group members that drive the business forward.
Lack of appreciation is one of the largest reasons that personal and business relationships fail.  Employees and business partners need to feel that they are valued, just like everyone else in your life.  Beyond treating them with respect, giving them credit publicly for wins they achieve for the company, increasing their pay, and promoting them to a bigger title, remember to challenge them, make them feel needed, and support the full team in working as a solid positive unit.
Even if you're as talented as Lennon or McCartney, it takes the talent of your full team to make hits with lasting impact.
Follow Brett Greene on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brettgreene
More:

What Does It Mean to Dress for Successreddit
We have all heard the familiar saying "dress for success." But what does dressing for success really entail?
In a business setting, your appearance matters. Your image educates others on how you want to be approached. Every time you go out, you reflect an image that tells others how to treat you. They are sizing you up and making an assumption of what you do for a living, your income level and your current level of success in life based solely on your appearance.
Successful people maintain an impeccable image. Why? Because they know that their image is part of their brand. Your image is an outside indicator of who you are as a person. A big part of advancing in life is looking the part. This is especially true as a business owner. A keen sense of style when it comes to your image can lead to greater opportunities and higher levels of success.
Dress for the role you want. Keep your look fresh and up-to-date. Remember, you are the top representative and spokesperson for your brand. Your personal appearance has a great effect on your income opportunities. You have to consistently keep your image fresh to continue to grow your business. Dress for where you want to go, not just where you are. What do people in higher positions wear? Observe, and follow their lead. To upgrade your look might cost a little more than what you usually spend on clothes. However, it's better to pay a little more for the image you really want to project.
To dress for success, start by cleaning out your closet. Edit out everything that is torn, old, misshapen and that doesn't fit. Once you're done, go through all of the remaining items and put together outfits that take your appearance up a notch.
To make your closet more functional, it must be neat and organized. Get matching hangers, and arrange items by type (pants, skirts, etc.). Organize shoes by color so that you can easily pair them with your outfits. For your jewelry, get nice jewelry holders from a store like Michael's. Keep your jewelry visible instead of tucking it away. You are more likely to accessorize if everything is displayed nicely.
Then, play dress-up for a week. Wear your best looks to business meetings and everywhere you go. Keep a journal of the reactions you get from others. People will take notice when you start dressing your best. New opportunities will also come for you and your business because of your improved appearance. Not only that, but dressing up is a great confidence and self-esteem booster.
When shopping, choose quality over quantity. Buy the best that you can afford. Also, buying in bulk isn't just for groceries -- you can do this for your wardrobe too. For example, if you find a pair of black pants that fit you really well, don't just buy one pair. Buy a few so that you have a backup. If there is a particular kind of undergarment you love that helps you look really smooth under your clothes, stock up and buy in bulk. When you find any clothing staple that you love, buy more than one. Doing this helps you stay dressed for success.
Whether meeting with clients, doing presentations, or in interviews, always dress to impress. In order to do this, you'll have to prepare in advance. Get your outfits together at least the night before. Have them ironed and ready to go, including shoes and accessories. Wear only your best-fitting outfits -- always try them on ahead of time to make sure you like the way you look in them. You are sending out to the public the same vibe that you are feeling inside, so make sure you're feeling good about yourself so others will pick up on that message as well.
When you look your best, you perform at your best. Make a decision right now to upgrade your image and write an affirmation concerning your new look. Write down what you want people to say about you. Include a description of how you feel when you dress your absolute best. Speak the affirmation to yourself in the mirror every day before leaving the house. Affirming your image upgrade aloud will help you make a change in your heart as well as on the outside.
Beautify yourself and upgrade your personal image. When you look good, you feel good. To attract your ideal clients, you have to upgrade to their level. Even if you work from a home office, dress to impress at your desk. Get up every day and dress as though you have important business meetings to attend -- even if they are just conference calls you'll be taking at your desk. Take your image beyond your ideal client -- you want to look and feel like you can do business on that level. You will speak and act with more confidence when you do this, and it will shine through in your business interactions.
You'll find it much easier to meet new people, express yourself, present in meetings and even close the deal when you are looking and feeling your best. Do something today to upgrade your look so you can dress for success!
Follow Stacia Pierce on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@StaciaPierce
More:

Even These People Support MInimum Wage Hikereddit
Poll after poll indicates that the vast majority of Americans believe the minimum wage isn't high enough. Apparently, a lot of U.S. employers agree.
A national survey of 2,000 human resource and hiring managers done for the job search site CareerBuilder found that most of those managers think the minimum wage in their state should be at least $10 per hour. No state currently has a minimum wage of $10, although many have a higher wage floor than the federal level of $7.25.
According to results released by CareerBuilder Thursday, more than 60 percent of the employers surveyed, including 58 percent of senior-level managers, said their state minimum wage should be increased to some degree. The survey was performed by the market research firm Harris Poll.
"Among employers who want an increase in their state, improving the standard of living of workers led all business-related reasons for their support," CareerBuilder said in a breakdown of the survey. "A majority say a higher minimum wage helps the economy and helps them retain employees."
A proposal to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour has languished in Congress, where House Republicans have so far refused to give the bill a vote. Nonetheless, cities and states around the country have moved ahead with their own minimum wage hikes, and several such proposals will be on state-level ballots come November.
Opponents of raising the minimum wage often argue that businesses couldn't withstand the higher costs. The survey done by Harris Poll suggests that many hiring managers don't necessarily agree, even in low-wage industries like restaurants and retail.
Although only 7 percent said a minimum wage of $15 was reasonable, about half of those surveyed said they thought a fair minimum wage would be somewhere between $10 and $14:
$7.25 per hour: 8 percent
$8.00 to 9.00 per hour: 29 percent
$10.00 per hour: 29 percent
$11.00 to 14.00 per hour: 19 percent
$15.00 or more per hour: 7 percent
No minimum wage: 9 percent
Of those who opposed raising the minimum wage in their states, about two-thirds said it would force businesses to hire fewer people, and half said it would lead to layoffs. More than 60 percent of those respondents also said a wage hike would result in higher prices for consumers.
In a surprising finding, the employers who said they plan to hire minimum-wage workers this year voiced more support for raising the wage floor than employers with no such plans, by a margin of 11 points. In the hospitality and retail industries, which employ a disproportionate amount of low-wage workers, 60 percent and 68 percent of managers, respectively, said they think the minimum wage in their states should be raised.
More:

Make in India is Modis new deal for foreign investorsthese numbers explain why it was overdueElephant no more.(AP Photo/Saurabh Das)
SHARE
Diksha Madhok & Devjyot Ghoshal
September 25, 2014
India now has a facilitation window of sorts for investors who want to do business in the country, ushering in a new paradigm that is meant to make India’s notorious labyrinth of red tape and bureaucratic hurdles an unhappy memory from the past.
A day after India’s triumphant Mars mission and hours before he left for his first visit to the USA as prime minister, Narendra Modi launched the “Make in India” campaign. The initiative is meant to cut red tape, spur foreign investments and transform India into a manufacturing powerhouse, correcting the biggest weakness of Indian economy.
The initiative got a high-profile launch in New Delhi today, with India’s top industrialists, including Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani and Wipro chairman Azim Premji, speaking about the new deal for foreign investors, alongside Modi.
Answers in 72 hours
The face of the initiative is a slickly designed website—MakeInIndia.com. Designed by creative agency Wieden and Kennedy (W+K), it’s possibly the snazziest web portal of any government program in India, and offers information about various sectors. The backend is an agency called Invest India , which is a joint venture between industry chamber Ficci (Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry), the central government’s department of industrial promotion and policy, and state governments, each of whom hold 0.5% equity. Invest India will act as a facilitator to foreign investors, guiding them through clearances, advising on joint venture partners, and suchlike.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Maruti Suzuki’s Kenichi Ayukawa, Reliance Industries’ Mukesh Ambani, Wipro’s Azim Premji, Aditya Birla Group’s Kumar Mangalam Birla and ICICI Bank’s Chanda Kochchar are seen at the Make In India launch.(AP Photo/Saurabh Das)
Prospective investors can post questions on the Make In India portal and they will be answered by a panel of experts within 72 hours. Twenty five sectors have been identified as priority areas and the portal offers a wealth of information about them.
Modi also came up with a new definition for FDI. “For Indians FDI is a responsibility, it means to First Develop India, for global investors FDI is an opportunity in the form of Foreign Direct Investment,” he said, addressing Indian and foreign CEOs.
Top-down approach?
Two questions stand out about Make In India, however.
First, while a single window for foreign investors is a great beginning, how does it help when no serious reform has been undertaken in areas such as land acquisition, labour laws or administrative reforms. Sure, the executives at Invest India could be trained to be more friendly than the average bureaucrat and might be able to explain what clearances a business needs to get. But the actual process of getting the clearances is the challenge, and that remains steeped in the old India, where files move at snail’s pace and litigation can break a project. Besides, many of the approvals needed are state subjects, and there is only so much that executives at Invest India, or indeed the central government, can do to facilitate licenses and clearances. These issues have not been adequately addressed.
Second, the focus on foreign investment and big corporations is at odds with the reality of India’s industrial landscape—the small and medium enterprises are the heroes of our industry and they are the ones who need support and encouragement. Small businesses comprised about 17% of India’s GDP (Pdf) in 2011 and employed about 60 million people, making it India’s second largest employer after the agricultural sector. Within the manufacturing sector, SMEs constitute around 90% of all industrial units and account for nearly half of India’s total industrial output and 40% of exports. For India’s industry to shine, SMEs need to shine, and it is unclear what Make In India is doing for small businesses.
The picture of decay
But these are questions about calibrating the program. There is no denying that India urgently needed to welcome global investors and ease their operations here. The following numbers capture the sorry state of India’s industrial competitiveness, and why Make in India was needed yesterday.
15% : That is the current share of manufacturing sector in Indian’s GDP. It compares poorly to other Asian countries. The sector is 34% of China’s GDP and 31% of South Korea’s. In the next decade, India expects to ramp up manufacturing to 25% of the GDP.
100 million jobs:  The number of manufacturing jobs the Indian government aims to create by 2022. According to Justin Lin , a former chief economist at the World bank, China will shed 85 million manufacturing jobs in the next few years because of fast rising wages. India can attract some of these jobs—and it desperately needs to—if it can cut bureaucratic hurdles that scare away new businesses.
“Global companies want to come to Asia but they don’t know where to look in Asia,” Modi said today. “Democracy, the demographic dividend and strong demand are important factors, and India has all three.”
65% of India’s 1.2 billion population is under the age of 35. The average age of an Indian in 2020 will be 29, compared with 37 in China and the United States. In the next decade, India is expected to have the largest available workforce in the world. But if the country cannot create jobs for its youth, the demographic advantage would be wasted.
“In the last five to six years we have had jobless growth and consumption. That is unsustainable. We have only created 2 million jobs every year. But 12 million youth are coming to the job market every year. Obviously it is a recipe for disaster if we allow it to continue, ” said Y.C. Deveshwar, chairman of ITC, India’s largest cigarette maker, at the event today.
134th: That is where India stands, out of 189 countries, in World Bank’s  “Ease of doing Business” Index. In South Asia, only Bhutan (141) and Afghanistan (164) rank lower than India. The World Bank report notes that it takes 27 days to start a business in India. In Singapore it takes two and a half days. Registering a business takes less than a day in Singapore.
Since the new government took over in May, the process of applying for industrial license has been made online on the e-Biz website .
Tune into Quartz India for a livestream of Indian prime minister Narendra Modi‘s 9/28 speech at Madison Square Garden in New York City starting at 11 am EST and 8:30 pm IST. We’ll take your comments on our Facebook page .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Buying gold has never been easierBuying gold has never been this easy
By Ivana Kottasova   @ivanakottasova September 22, 2014: 12:41 PM ET
Gold Brittania coins from the Royal Mint.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Looking for a savings account with a difference?
The British Royal Mint on Monday launched an online bullion trading service in a bid to attract investors to the precious metal.
Gold will now be as accessible to investors as a savings account, according to the Royal Mint.
The Royal Mint's website offers several kinds of coins which customers can buy within a few minutes. The flagship "Sovereign" is a 22-carat gold coin currently selling for just over $300.
The Royal Mint says it will offer gold at the "best possible prices."
Related: Generation Xers are poorer than their parents
It hopes to attract ordinary savers by making buying gold easily accessible.
"We want to help expand the bullion market in the U.K., particularly as coins offer a relatively affordable introduction," said the Royal Mint's director of commemorative coins and bullion, Shane Bissett.
Buyers can have their coins sent to their home, or -- if they buy more than 25 -- stored within the Royal Mint's vaults, which are guarded by the U.K. Ministry of Defence.
The Mint said that according to the World Gold Council, the gold market could attract up to $6.5 billion in investments from the U.K. alone if it was easier to access.
 
Using gold to treat cancer
However, like all investments, the price doesn't always go up. Gold bars might look reassuring but their value has dropped by about 6% over the last three years.
The Royal Mint has created coins for royals and governments for over 1,000 years.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 11:16 AM ET
Most Popular

India rolls Liars Dice for the OscarsNew Delhi/Kochi, September 23, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 03:15 IST
India rolls Liar’s Dice for the Oscars
G. Krishna Kumar
Special Arrangement A still from Liar's Dice.
Special Arrangement A file photo of Geetu Mohandas.
Geetu Mohandas.
Indian cinema
Hindi road drama Liar’s Dice will be India’s nomination for the Best Foreign Film at the Academy Awards, better known as the Oscars, which will be given away in Los Angeles in 2015.
The movie, directed by Kerala State award-winner Geetu Mohandas, stars national award winners Geetanjali Thapa and Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Set along the Himachal-Tibet border, the movie deals with distress migration.
“I am overwhelmed by the news but not overexcited about it. You feel very good and enjoy a positive energy when people call up to share their joy about the movie getting selected as the nation’s entry for the best foreign language film of the 87th Academy Awards,” she told The Hindu here on Tuesday attributing her nomination to her “lucky stars.” Liar’s Dice has been on a roll on the international festival circuit, besides winning two national awards, for best actress for Geethanjali Thapa (who played the protagonist, Kamala), and best cinematographer for Rajeev Ravi (Geetu’s husband).
Liar’s Dice was the unanimous choice
Liar’s Dice, directed by Geetu Mohandas, was the unanimous choice of the 12-member selection committee, headed by Malayalam filmmaker T. Hariharan, as India’s entry for the Oscar, Film Federation of India Deputy Secretary Anindya Sengupta said here on Tuesday.
The film had to compete with 29 other films, including the Tamil movie Kochadaiyaan and the Hindi films Mardaani, Shahid, Filmistaan, Queen and Mary Kom. At the Oscars, it will compete with Poland’s Ida, Sweden’s Force Majeure and Canada’s Mommy.
Mommy won the Jury Prize at Cannes this year and Ida has bagged prizes at the London and Toronto film festivals last year.
Asked how she plans to market her movie ahead of the race for the Oscars, Geetu replied in her characteristic style that she would not do any lobbying or marketing to get noticed in Hollywood. “I am confident that the movie would speak for itself,” she said.
Liar’s Dice is her first Hindi film and only her second directorial venture. She is currently working on a Malayalam film.
Speaking to The Hindu, Ms. Mohandas said, “Whatever happens at the Oscars will not take away our hard work and efforts.”
No Indian film has won the Academy Award so far and only three films — Lagaan, Salaam Bombay and Mother India — have made it to the top five finalists in past years.

Bailed out GM execs enjoyed big paydayTop GM execs paid $1 million in last year of bailout
By Katie Lobosco   @KatieLobosco September 24, 2014: 7:28 PM ET
The U.S. Treasury let GM execs get salaries that were too big, according to a watchdog report.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Top executives at GM and Ally Financial enjoyed big pay days while their bankrupt companies struggled to repay the government in full for the bailout, a watchdog report said Wednesday.
The report blamed the Treasury Department for loosening the limits on executive pay that came as conditions to the bailout .
President Obama asked in 2009 that cash salaries be capped at $500,000, but the Treasury Department approved salaries that topped that amount for 16 employees at GM and its former financing arm, Ally, in 2013. In fact, the top 25 employees each received total compensation, including salary and stock, of at least $1 million that year, according to the report.
Treasury was too concerned with keeping companies competitive, disregarding the fact that the reason to keep them competitive was so that they could repay taxpayers in full, the report said.
Related: 15 top executives with $1 salaries
In a response, Treasury's Acting Special Master Patricia Geoghegan said the report contains many inaccuracies and omissions. She points out that Congress never established a cap on compensation. Instead the Treasury is supposed to determine that pay packages are "not inconsistent" with the public interest.
At the time, GM ( GM ) and Ally were the only companies left (out of seven) in the government's Troubled Asset Relief Program . The government sold its final stake of GM in December of 2013, but taxpayers came up about $10 billion short on the bailout.
In total, taxpayers invested $352 billion in the seven companies and recouped all of that, plus an additional $25.6 billion.
First Published: September 24, 2014: 7:28 PM ET
Most Popular

IT stocks gain after Accenture s resultsIT stocks gain after rival Accenture's results
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 11:27 IST
Photo: Reuters
IT stocks gained on Thursday in the early trade on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) after global rival Accenture said it expects better profitability this fiscal year.
Shares of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) gained 1.1 per cent while Infosys stocks rose 0.7 per cent. On similar lines, Tech Mahindra stocks surged 0.8 per cent. Stocks of HCL Technologies were also up 0.5 per cent in the early session.
(Reuters)

JSPL@lowest intraday level in 5 yrs; down 8%Jindal Steel hits lowest intraday level in five years; slumps over 8%
By Reuters | 25 Sep, 2014, 11.12AM IST
0
Share More
Jindal Steel and Power Ltd fells 7.8 per cent, adding to Wednesday's 10 per cent slump. Jindal hit its lowest intraday level since 2009. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Jindal Steel and Power Ltd fells 7.8 per cent, adding to Wednesday's 10 per cent slump. Jindal hit its lowest intraday level since 2009.
At 11:10 a.m., the stock was down 8.41 per cent and was trading at Rs 173.75 on the BSE.
Credit Suisse downgraded Jindal to "underperform" from "neutral." It also cut its target price to Rs 158 Rs 254. it said the Supreme Court's verdict cancelling coal blocks could hit Jindal's profit and fair value.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

SC strikes down National Tax Tribunal Actexecutive (government)
It takes away jurisdiction of High Courts, says Bench
The Supreme Court on Thursday declared as unconstitutional the National Tax Tribunal Act under which a national tribunal was set up to decide tax-related cases by taking away the jurisdiction of High Courts in such matters.
A five-judge Constitution Bench comprising Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha and Justices J.S. Khehar, J. Chelameswar, A.K. Sikri and Rohinton Nariman held that it was the ultimate encroachment on the exclusive domain of the superior Courts of Record in India.
The Bench passed the order on a batch of petitions filed by the Madras Bar Association and others challenging the validity of the National Tax Tribunal, contending that there was a grave danger that the judiciary would be substituted by a host of quasi-judicial tribunals which function as departments of various ministries.
Writing the main judgment, Justice Khehar said Parliament had the power to enact legislation and to vest adjudicatory functions, earlier vested in the High Court, with an alternative court/tribunal. Exercise of such power by Parliament would not per se violate the basic structure of the Constitution. “The basic structure of the Constitution will stand violated if, while enacting legislation pertaining to transfer of judicial power, Parliament does not ensure that the newly created court/tribunal conforms with the salient characteristics and standards of the court sought to be substituted. The National Tax Tribunal encroaches upon the power of higher judiciary, which only can decide issues involving substantial laws and not a tribunal.”
Justice Nariman wrote a separate but concurring judgment.
The Bench said: “It is obvious that substantial questions of law which relate to taxation would also involve many areas of civil and criminal law, for example Hindu joint family Law, partnership, sale of goods, contracts, Mohammedan Law, Company Law, law relating to Trusts and societies, transfer of property, law relating to intellectual property, interpretation of statutes and Sections dealing with prosecution for offences. It is therefore not correct to say that taxation, being a specialised subject, can be dealt with by a tribunal.
“All substantial questions of law have, under our constitutional scheme, to be decided by the superior courts alone. Indeed, one of the objects for enacting the National Tax Tribunals Act, as stated by the Minister on the floor of the House, is that the National Tax Tribunal can lay down the law for the whole of India which then would bind all other authorities and tribunals. This is a direct encroachment on the high courts’ power under Article 227 to decide substantial questions of law which would bind all tribunals.”

JP Group shares slump after RPower deal called offJaiprakash Group shares slump after RPower deal called off
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 15:11 IST
Shares of Jaiprakash Group of companies on Thursday fell sharply by as much as 24.5 per cent after Reliance Power's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects called off .
Jaiprakash Associates' stock tumbled 24.48 per cent to Rs 24.05 - its 52-week low on the BSE.
Similarly, shares of Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd dropped 17.94 per cent to hit its one-year low of Rs 11.20.
Shares of Reliance Power were also down by 5 per cent to Rs 72.05.
Analysts said these stocks saw massive selling pressure as this latest development will put further pressure on the group to cut its debt.
Reliance Power's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project.
The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call off talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it.
Jaiprakash Group (Japyee) was looking at selling the hydroprojects to cut its huge debt burden.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) had said in a statement, "For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG has been called off."
"The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of the shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country," Jaypee Group Chairman Manoj Gaur had said in the statement.

Five reasons why market is sinking | JSPL down 20% in 2 days: A buySensex ends day 276 points down; 5 reasons Dalal Street is sinking
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 04.27PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: 'Make in India' campaign launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi failed to cheer markets; as benchmark Sensex plunged as much as 395 points in intraday trade, led by losses in ICICI Bank , RIL, Axis Bank and ONGC .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological support level of 7900, but managed to claw back towards the fag end of the trade to close at 7911.85 level. The fall in the index was led by losses in power, realty, oil & gas and banking stocks.
The 30-share index closed at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points or 1.03 per cent. It touched a high of 26,814.20 and a low of 26,349.55 in trade today.
The Nifty ended at 7,911.85, down 90.55 points or 1.13 per cent. It touched a high of 8,019.30 and a low of 7,877.35 in trade today.
October is a month with less trading sessions. So the movement would be volatile with more of gap up - gap downs, caution analysts.
"The index is making a Doji candle on Monthly chart. After the run up of the last seven months, if it doesn't settle above 8,000 and sustains below 7,950 levels, then this positive rally may end. We may see lower levels of 7,840 & 7,700," said Chandan Taparia, Derivatives Analyst, Anand Rathi.
(Doji candle means opening and closing at almost same levels after a rage-bound move of the entire month. This is a sign of indecision between bulls and bear, and if this candle occurs at the top of rally then the immediate trend may end).
Here are five reasons that could have led to the fall on Dalal Street:
September F&O expiry:
The market always remains volatile with fierce moves on either side ahead of F&O expiry which is due on September 25 (Thursday). This is because traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series, say analysts.
"Given the fact this is an F&O expiry week, this consolidation and a little bit of profit booking was expected in the market," said Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
"By my understanding, this negative bias could continue but not with any deep or sharp cuts, though certainly, volatility could be the order of the day," he added.
Coal Block De-allocation:
The Supreme Court cancelled almost all coal blocks given to private companies since 1993, delivering a severe blow to firms that invested heavily in power stations and factories linked to producing mines.
Even though the verdict clears some bit of uncertainty, but the verdict will still remain an overhang on markets and various sectors such as mining, power for some more time.
There will be a considerable amount of nervousness both in the broader market as well as in the frontline stocks , say experts and investors can look at defensives and export-oriented themes such as IT and pharma.
"40% of the index - and that is adjusting for SAIL , NTPC and Coal India which are unaffected by today's order - is greatly affected by this cancellation of coal mines. This includes banks, power and metals," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
"So I guess this representation will be more or less similar in the broader markets as well, in days ahead as the uncertainty looms over what kind of auction policy the government adopts," he added.
Sekhar pointed that since the balance sheets of many of these companies in power and metal sector are in a real state of disarray, it will be very difficult for the market to claw back as if nothing had happened.
Yellen warning on interest rates:
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says she wants investors to be prepared for the possibility that the Fed will raise interest rates sooner than they currently project. Her words are going unheeded, said media reports.
Heavy FII selling:
Foreign institutional investors or FIIs which are the backbone of over 28 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex have slowed down buying on the Indian bourses even turning net sellers.
FII sold Rs 1,185.17 crore in equities on Sept 23 while DII bought Rs 325.70 crore in equities on September 23 when Sensex plunged 431 points on Tuesday.
The figure was less aggressive on 24 September Wednesday. FIIs sold Rs 793.65 crore in equities while DII's bought Rs 15.29 crore on the same day as per provisional data.
Technical Breakdown on Charts:
The 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8000. The trend does indicate some bit of bearishness but we are still in bull market, say analysts.
"Even though the charts are suggesting bearishness, but if 7930 is broken down on a closing basis, we can go down all the way to 7600, even 7580. Yet, the bull market remains even if we go to 7200, we are still in a bull market," said Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth.
"If we close below 7930 on Wednesday or the day after, then the bigger fall commences and we will go down all the way to 7650. For me, as a trader that would be more worrisome for people who are long," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Zero Hedge: Daily dose of Wall Street doomZero Hedge: Wall Street's daily dose of doom and gloom
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 25, 2014: 8:00 AM ET
Zero Hedge posts are submitted under the pseudonym "Tyler Durden," the fictional character played by Brad Pitt in the 1999 film "Fight Club."
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
If watching the news doesn't satisfy your hunger for scary stories, Zero Hedge is the place for you.
Zero Hedge, a financial blog, offers a deeply conspiratorial, anti-establishment and pessimistic view of the world.
Even though stocks have zoomed to record highs since Zero Hedge launched in 2009, the site continues to hold serious sway among hedge funds, traders and others in finance. That's because Zero Hedge's dark perspective has struck a chord with the sizable portion of the public who remain deeply skeptical of the stock market and economy.
Sometimes the site gets it right before everyone else. Zero Hedge is credited with flagging financial issues like high-frequency trading before they became sexy mainstream stories.
"It's extremely influential in the New York, London and global hedge fund community. I meet clients in London and they mention it, and I meet regulators in Washington and they mention it," said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at ConvergEx Group, a brokerage firm.
Zero Hedge's outlook is nicely summed up by the tagline at the top of its website: "On a long enough timeline the survival rate for everyone drops to zero."
If those words sound familiar, it's because they're from "Fight Club," the 1999 film starring Edward Norton and Brad Pitt.
Related: There's a 'death cross' in the stock market. Should you worry?
Who is Tyler Durden? Each post on Zero Hedge is submitted under the pseudonym "Tyler Durden," the fictional "Fight Club" anarchist played by Pitt who blows up the headquarters of credit card companies.
A typical post on Zero Hedge reads like it would fit in the movie script. "The retail investor is not coming back," the blog posted on Monday , due to a "complete lack of trust in a market that has been revealed to be more rigged than any casino."
Related: Billionaires are hoarding more cash
Just like in the movie, it's not entirely clear who Tyler Durden truly is on the blog. Press reports in 2009 suggest at least some of the posts are written by Daniel Ivandjiiski, a former hedge fund employee who was banned by Wall Street's self regulator for insider trading in 2008.
"He is your archetypal brilliant eastern European dude who is great at mathematics and a very rigorous thinker," said Colas, who frequently trades emails with Ivandjiiski and checks Zero Hedge multiple times a day.
"He is the most consistent source of that totally off the grid or novel approach. You can agree or disagree, but I don't think he honestly cares. Every day he makes you think. That's hard as hell to do," said Colas.
Zero Hedge now has 215,000 Twitter followers. No one from the site responded to CNNMoney's requests for comment.
Related: Mohamed El-Erian says to take some money out of stocks
One-stop shop for bears: Zero Hedge enthusiasts find real value in understanding and debating all the scenarios that could bring down the stock market.
"Sure, it's got one view of things. But isn't it nice to get the other side of the rosy, cheery side of every bullish analyst on the Street?" asked Joe Saluzzi, who co-wrote a book on market structure in 2012 titled Broken Markets. "If you were to follow it religiously, then you're crazy. You have to put it into your own investment philosophy."
If some obscure credit instrument sparks another panic on Wall Street, readers of Zero Hedge will likely be familiar with it.
"If you read Zero Hedge consistently you will have every bear case covered. It's a one-stop shop. You will have everything that could go potentially wrong in the economy and geopolitics," said Colas.
The first rule of Zero Hedge: Zero Hedge itself warns readers that making investment decisions based on information posted on the blog -- or any Internet site -- "is more than unwise, it is folly."
It's safe to say that those who did make investment decisions based on Zero Hedge's bearish views missed or all part of a bull market that has carried the S&P 500 200% higher.
"The contra trade mentality has gotten its [butt] handed to it on a platter for years," said Peter Kenny, chief market strategist at The Clearpool Group. "I turned bullish five years ago. I may have missed 12% of the move -- but I didn't miss 120% of the move."
And yet Zero Hedge's loyal audience doesn't appear to be jumping ship as stocks shatter record after record.
"The people who don't like him will say he was wrong. That's factually correct but misses the point. The fact he's still here and relevant is interesting," said Colas.
First Published: September 25, 2014: 7:06 AM ET
Most Popular

JK Tyre & Industries to split stock in 1:5 r...BSE
(Earlier, this week JK Tyre…)
NEW DELHI: JK Tyre & Industries Ltd today said that its board has approved splitting its equity shares in 1:5 ratio.
"The Board of Directors of the company at its meeting held on September 25, 2014, has approved sub-division of 1 equity share of the face value of Rs 10 each into 5 equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each," JK Tyre & Industries said in a filing to BSE.
However, it further added that the sub-division "is subject to approval of the members and any other statutory and regulatory approvals".
Earlier, this week JK Tyre & Industries Ltd had informed that it was considering a stock split plan and its board will take up the matter today.
As per information available on the BSE , the company has a total of 4,10,59,346 shares, out of which 47.34 per cent is held by promoter group, while the public holding is 52.66 per cent.
Shares of JK Tyre & Industries today closed at Rs 449.30 per share, down 7.02 per cent from the previous close on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ADB selling up to $120 mn stake in Petronet...Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has launched a share sale in gas supplier Petronet LNG Ltd to raise up to $120 million, three sources with direct knowledge of the deal said on Thursday.
ADB , which owned a 5.2 per cent stake in Petronet LNG as of end-June, will sell the shares through block deals on the stock exchange, said the sources, who declined to be named as the deal details are not public yet.
Petronet LNG shares are up 58 per cent this year, outperforming a 25 per cent gain in the broader NSE index .
Officials at Petronet LNG and ADB's New Delhi office could not be immediately reached for comments outside office hours.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

AirAsia India to operate flight from MumbaiYou are here: Home > Collections > Kochi
AirAsia India to operate flight from Mumbai
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 06.43PM IST
Tags:
AirAsia India
(AirAsia India, launched…)
MUMBAI: No-frills airline AirAsia India plans to introduce a flight from Mumbai, according to AirAsia group chief executive Tony Fernandes .
"In Incredible India ....Bombay (Mumbai) is changing by the day ....AIRASIA India will be starting in this metro soon. We are coming," Fernandes said on Twitter.
The airline, which launched air services in June, currently operates flights to Goa, Chennai, Kochi, Jaipur and Chandigarh from its hub Bangalore.
The airline recently announced a discounted ticket scheme, offering flyers an all inclusive one-way ticket price of Rs 690 from Bangalore to Chennai, Kochi, Goa; and Rs 2,390 from Bangalore to Jaipur and Chandigarh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

6 things to love - and hate - about the iPhone 66 things to love - and hate - about the iPhone 6
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 25, 2014: 10:36 AM ET
 
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus: Which should you buy?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Let's just start with this: The iPhone 6 is the best smartphone ever made.
But it's not perfect. Like any smartphone, there are some things about the iPhone 6 that will drive you batty.
First, here's what you'll love about the iPhone 6.
1) The rounded edges. The iPhone 6 feels really, really good in your hand.
It's insanely thin and light, and there are hardly any square or jagged edges on the device. The vibrate toggle switch is the big exception -- it nicked me a couple of times when I was pulling the iPhone out of my pocket.
The curves give the iPhone 6 a less distinctive look than some of its predecessors and other smartphones on the market. But what the iPhone 6 sacrifices in appearance it makes up in usability. I don't want to put the iPhone 6 down when I'm holding it.
Related: iPhone 6 has car Bluetooth problems
2) The camera. Ironically, the ugliest part of the iPhone 6 helps deliver its most beautiful features.
The iPhone 6's camera juts out of the phone's back by about a millimeter, and the obsessive part of me kept wanting to pop it back in. But whatever Apple got out of that millimeter was worth it.
 
How much does your iPhone really cost?
Photos are clear just about every time. It performs masterfully in weird lighting situations, such as when the subject is in a shadow but the sun is shining brightly. It takes photos remarkably quickly and -- most importantly for photo-taking dullards like me -- without any fuss. And the front-facing camera also takes surprisingly good photos for the selfie-taking types.
The time-lapse and slo-mo video functions seemed more gimmicky than practical to me, but some people might find them useful -- or at least fun.
3) The screen. The iPhone 6's display is gorgeous. It's noticeably sharp, and the iPhone 6's display even looks great when you're not looking at the screen straight on.
That's helpful, say, when you're watching a video with friends or showing photos to your family.
Related: Is the iPhone 6 Plus bendable?
4) TouchID. There is no shortage of complaints about the iPhone's fingerprint sensor malfunctioning, but I found it to be wonderfully convenient and accurate. It makes signing into your phone, downloading apps and buying music a breeze.
So if it works for the simple stuff, Apple Pay is going to be a cinch. Paying for stuff with your iPhone 6 supposedly will be as easy as holding your phone up to a payment terminal while touching the TouchID sensor. We'll see next month when Apple Pay launches -- but it sounds promising.
 
Apple Pay turns iPhone into credit card
And here's what you'll hate about the iPhone 6.
5) iCloud. What an absolute mess.
When setting up my iPhone 6, one of the umpteen prompts asked me if I wanted to "upgrade to iCloud Drive." For about 12 hours, when I went to my iCloud settings, iCloud Drive indicated that it was "upgrading" with a pinwheel of death next to it. And once it finally decided to finish upgrading, it didn't impress me. I uploaded a photo and a document via iCloud.com, and I have absolutely no idea how to view those on my iPhone. There isn't even an iCloud Drive app.
Meanwhile, iCloud says it will back up my photos via Photo Stream, but there's no obvious way to manage that -- it doesn't even exist on iCloud.com. What if I want to store photos on iCloud but not on my phone to save precious storage?
Related: Chinese smugglers make big bucks on iPhone 6
6) iOS 8. There are some really nice new features in iOS 8, including the amazing Spotlight universal search feature, text notifications that let you respond without opening iMessage, and all the brilliant camera software. That's on top of excellent existing iOS features, such as the brilliant Control Center quick tasks launcher, Facebook integration and of course FaceTime.
But there's plenty to hate about iOS 8, too. Setting up an iPhone is an unacceptably lengthy experience with way too many questions, options and notifications. Siri still doesn't do anything particularly worthwhile. Apple annoyingly added unnecessary steps for accessing and clearing notifications. And none of the "widgets" in the notification screen that I tested were particularly useful.
 
See Apple's new iPhone 6 in :60
There's also a lot of Apple bloatware, including compass (really, Apple?), "tips," maps and Passbook. Others are redundant, including the contacts, FaceTime and camera apps that you can access in other places. But you can't delete or hide those apps -- the only way to clear them off your screen is to put them in a folder labeled "crap."
So here's the bottom line: The iPhone 6 is a gorgeous, incredibly well-designed smartphone with a world-beating camera and some neat tricks. But Apple's software gets in the way of the iPhone 6 being a perfect smartphone.
First Published: September 25, 2014: 10:36 AM ET
Most Popular

Communal clashes in Vadodara; police fires teargas shellsPress Trust of India | Vadodara | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:22 pm
 
Police lobbed several teargas shells in Kumbharwad area of the city here on Thursday to control clashes between two different religious groups.
“Mobs belonging to different communities indulged in violent clashes, pelted stones at each other, set several vehicles on fire and damaged several shops,” police said.
“Stone pelting was reported from the area. The cause behind the incident is not known but apparently it was due to some photo circulated on the social media,” Vadodara Police Commissioner E Radhakrishnan said.
Fire fighters of the Vadodara Municipal Corporation rushed to the spot.
Radhakrishnan accompanied by senior officials rushed to spot to bring the situation under control.
State Reserve Police and the Rapid Action Force teams have been deployed for maintaining law and order, the police said.

Mukesh Ambani to attend US events during PM Modis visitPrint
Chairman of Tata Sons, Cyrus Mistry and Reliance Industries, Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani at the launch of the "Make in India Mission" at Vigyan Bhavan. (Source: PTI photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:22 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:23 pm
Reliance Industries Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani will be in the US to attend some of the events organised in honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his 5-day visit.
He will be part of a business delegation that will be in New York and Washington during Modi’s visit.
Ambani, who missed being part of the business delegation that accompanied Modi on his visit to Japan last month due to pressing prior engagements, will attend a dinner and a reception being hosted in the honour of Indian Prime Minister in New York and Washington.
Sources said Ambani, India’s richest man, will on September 28 attend a dinner reception at The Pierre, a luxurious heritage hotel owned by Taj Hotels, hosted by the Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar.
The dinner reception would be attended by Indian Americans and Persons of Indian Origin.
On September 30, he will attend a reception hosted by US- India Business Council (USIBC) in honour of Modi at the Andrew Mellon Auditorium in Washington, DC.
RIL has huge business dealings with the US — it sells fuel and also has three shale assets in US in whom it plans to invest a further USD 2 billion for extraction of natural gas and oil from the sedimentary rock formations.
The company has invested USD 7.3 billion since 2010 when it entered the US shale market.

Judges should not take post 2 years after demitting office: CJI LodhaPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:11 pm
Outgoing Chief Justice of India Justice R M Lodha has said judges should not take any constitutional or other position at least two years after demitting office.
To avoid such situations, there is a need to scrap the laws that require Tribunals and Commissions to be headed by judges, he said.
“That is an individual choice. My view is that a Chief Justice or a judge must avoid taking any position, constitutional or otherwise–and at least must not accept that position for two years after demitting his office,” Justice Lodha told Outlook magazine.
The outgoing CJI, who demits office on Saturday, is known for speaking out his mind on issues and his comments assume significance in the context of controversy over his predecessor S Sathasivam taking up the post of Kerala Governor recently.
Asked whether it is alright for judges to accept gubernatorial posts, Justice Lodha said whether it is CJI, or a Supreme Court judge or a High Court Chief Justices, post-retirement assignments must be avoided.
But, he acknowledged that there were many laws where Commissions and Tribunals are required to be either headed by CJIs or judges. “That actually needs to be amended and needs to be done away with.”
On his five months as CJI, Justice Lodha said he felt he was leaving it better than when he stepped in.
Asked about the view that the Judicial Accountability Bill and Judicial Appointments Commission Bill were signs of the executives trying to hobble the judiciary, he said if they do not affect the judiciaries institutional independence and integrity then there should be no worry.
“What is vital is the judiciaries institutional independence should not be tinkered with,” Justice Lodha said.

1984 riots case: HC denies bail for time being to 2 convictsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:47 pm
On Thursday the Delhi High Court said it will not grant bail for the time being to two of the three convicts serving life term in a 1984 anti-Sikh riots case in which five members of a family were killed.
A bench of justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Mukta Gupta said it will first hear arguments on their appeals against their conviction before passing any order on suspension of sentence.
“We have to deal with the appeals related to death of five persons here, so we need to go through the evidence throughly, we will not give bail today,” it said.
The court’s observation came while hearing the bail pleas of convicts Girdhari Lal and ex-councillor Balwan Khokar who have also challenged their conviction and award of life sentence by the trial court in May last year.
The court also noted that the bail plea of co-convict Balwan Khokar, who was also awarded life term in the case, has already been dismissed by it and hence, it will not grant the relief at this stage.
It, however, said that two other convicts, ex-MLA Mahinder Yadav and Kishan Khokkar, who were awarded three years jail term in milder penal provisions, will remain out.
Meanwhile, the court asked the prosecution to provide the copies of testimonies of prosecution witnesses, including that of complainant Jagdish Kaur. The trial court has relied upon them while convicting the accused.
It also directed the prosecution to provide the copy of the affidavit filed by Kaur before the Rangnath Misra Commission within two days.
The court said it will hear the bail pleas on October 10.
Besides Girdhari Lal, the trial court had also awarded life term to two others, Balwan Khokar and retired naval officer Captain Bhagmal, in the case.
Senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar was acquitted in the case.

Received 6000 bookings for CiazSave this video
Copy URL
RC Bhargava, Chairman, Maruti Suzuki said that minority shareholder voting on Gujarat is seen is November. He also said that Maruti has received 6,000 bookings so far for Ciaz.
169

Sensex soars nearly 400 pointsSave this video
Copy URL
The BSE sensex reclaimed the 27,000-mark after a week by surging over 398 points at midsession on widespread buying by funds and retail investors amid optimism over trade ties with China and rise in foreign capital inflows.
47

BJP to field Pritam Munde for Beed Lok Sabha bypollPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 4:03 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 4:09 pm
With BJP MLA Pankaja Munde, daughter of Gopinath Munde, indicating that she would not contest the bypoll to the Beed Lok Sabha constituency in Maharashtra, which fell vacant after her father’s demise, the party has decided to field the late leader’s other daughter Pritam for the seat.
“The state BJP unit has proposed Pritam’s name as party nominee for Beed Lok Sabha bypoll,” a senior state BJP leader said here on Thursday.
With Pankaja, who recently undertook a statewide ‘Sangharsh Yatra’, sending out signals that she would focus on affairs in Maharashtra, there was speculation that her sister Pritam would be the BJP Lok Sabha candidate from Beed.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar had publicly declared after Munde’s death that his party won’t field any candidate if any family member of the Munde family were to contest the bypoll.
Pritam Munde, who is based in Nashik, has already started visiting Parli, Beed and other areas of the constituency.
NCP’s Ramesh Adaskar, who contested against Gopinath Munde during the earlier Lok Sabha poll, recently joined the BJP.
NCP minister Jaidatt Kshirsagar may not be inclined to fight the Lok Sabha bypoll and would prefer to retain his Assembly seat, NCP sources said.
Pankaja Munde had embarked on a ‘yatra’ in poll-bound Maharashtra, similar to another such exercise in 1995 by Gopinath Munde, which had helped the BJP-Sena alliance come to power in Maharashtra for the first time.
The 14-day, 3,000 km ‘yatra’ which began from August 27 was also seen as the BJP’s bid to project Pankaja Munde as the party’s Other Backward Caste (OBC) face after Munde, who died in a car accident in Delhi in June this year.
Pankaja Munde is an MLA from the Munde family’s turf of Parli in Beed.
Gopinath Munde had undertaken his 1995 ‘yatra’ campaign against Sharad Pawar over the controversial Enron project and he became Deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra in the government headed by the Shiv Sena’s Manohar Joshi.
Pritam Munde, who is based in Nashik, has already started visiting Parli, Beed and other areas of the constituency.

Vijay Mallya woes continue as Forbes drops tycoon from billionaire listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian cos in UAE welcome  Make in India  ca...You are here: Home > Collections
Indian corporates in UAE welcome 'Make in India' campaign
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 07.35PM IST
Tags:
Dubai
(The launch was held at both…)
DUBAI: Indian businessmen, investors and expatriate community here today lauded the 'Make in India' campaign launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying it will give a boost to India's manufacturing sector.
Over 200 business leaders from expatriate Indian community, investors, bankers, academicians and experts said the move will build confidence of Indians staying abroad to invest in high growth sectors like manufacturing, biotechnology and construction in India.
The launch was held at both national and international levels through live webcast at various Indian embassies and consulates around the world, including Indian Consulate in Dubai.
"The demand for skilled manpower is widespread in the international labour market and the Prime Minister has emphasised on skill development in his Make in India' and 'Deen Dayal Upadhyay-Grameen Kaushalya Yojana (DDU-GKY)' campaigns," Vice-President and Business Head of Xpress Money Sudhesh Giriyan said.
"These initiatives create a robust platform to promote human capital at grass root level," he said noting that the initiative has raised the confidence of Indians staying overseas to invest in high growth sectors like manufacturing, biotechnology, construction, among several others.
Giriyan said his company will look to explore opportunities to participate in programmes which will facilitate skill development and thereby empower the aspiring NRIs to differentiate themselves through their efficiency.
India's Ambassador to UAE , TP Seetharam said: "The campaign is an inspiring thought and a reflection of Government's commitment to create more job opportunities towards building a new India."
Consul General of India in Dubai , Anurag Bhushan highlighted the policy measures towards achieving this goal.
"India has the advantage of democracy, demographic dividend and demand as enunciated by the Prime Minister," Bhushan said.
"The focus of the new initiatives is to achieve a growth rate of 25 per cent in the manufacturing sector as against 13 per cent at present and to create 100 million more jobs by 2025," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Judges should not take post 2 years after demitting office: CJILodhaPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:11 pm
Outgoing Chief Justice of India Justice R M Lodha has said judges should not take any constitutional or other position at least two years after demitting office.
To avoid such situations, there is a need to scrap the laws that require Tribunals and Commissions to be headed by judges, he said.
“That is an individual choice. My view is that a Chief Justice or a judge must avoid taking any position, constitutional or otherwise–and at least must not accept that position for two years after demitting his office,” Justice Lodha told Outlook magazine.
The outgoing CJI, who demits office on Saturday, is known for speaking out his mind on issues and his comments assume significance in the context of controversy over his predecessor S Sathasivam taking up the post of Kerala Governor recently.
Asked whether it is alright for judges to accept gubernatorial posts, Justice Lodha said whether it is CJI, or a Supreme Court judge or a High Court Chief Justices, post-retirement assignments must be avoided.
But, he acknowledged that there were many laws where Commissions and Tribunals are required to be either headed by CJIs or judges. “That actually needs to be amended and needs to be done away with.”
On his five months as CJI, Justice Lodha said he felt he was leaving it better than when he stepped in.
Asked about the view that the Judicial Accountability Bill and Judicial Appointments Commission Bill were signs of the executives trying to hobble the judiciary, he said if they do not affect the judiciaries institutional independence and integrity then there should be no worry.
“What is vital is the judiciaries institutional independence should not be tinkered with,” Justice Lodha said.

Nearly 100 Morsi supporters jailed inEgyptPress Trust of India | Cairo | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:48 pm
Nearly 100 Muslim Brotherhood supporters in Egypt were on Thursday handed down stiff jail terms for upto 25 years after being found guilty of violence during protests supporting ousted Islamist President Mohamed Morsi.
A court sentenced 73 Muslim Brotherhood supporters in absentia to 15 years in prison for inciting violence in Kafr el-Sheikh police station last year.
Nine other defendants were sentenced to 10 years in prison, while 4 others were sentenced to a year in prison.
The defendants were found guilty of illegal assembly, attempted murder, vandalism, stealing a gun from a policeman and possessing illegal arms in the Delta province of Kafr-el-Sheikh following the ouster of Morsi in 2013.
In a separate case, a criminal court sentenced four Islamists to 10 years in prison and six others to seven years and a year in prison for a minor, for inciting violence in Shubra el-Kheyma police station last year.
Also, two Muslim Brotherhood leaders, Hossam Marghani and Abdullah Barakat, were sentenced to 25 years in prison and were fined 20,000 Egyptian pounds for inciting violence in Qalioub city which led to the death of two persons.
Both defendants were sentenced to death in absentia in the same case earlier, but were present on Thursday and got a reduced sentence.
In July, a court had sentenced Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Badie and 36 others to life in prison, and confirmed death sentences for 10 others.
Badie, convicted of involvement in deadly protests, had already received death sentences in two other cases in a crackdown on Muslim Brotherhood supporters after Morsi was overthrown by the army in a coup last year.
Morsi himself is currently in prison over charges of killing peaceful protesters, espionage, escaping from prison during the Egyptian Revolution in 2011, and insulting the judiciary.
He is also charged with spying and handing sensitive documents concerning national security to Qatari intelligence through the Qatar-based Al-Jazeera news channel.
So far Morsi has not been sentenced in any case but faces a possible death penalty if the charges are proved.

Coal ruling to hit India s nascent economic...economy
(India Rating said ruling…)
MUMBAI: The Supreme Court verdict cancelling 214 coal blocks may adversely impact India's economic recovery as it will hit key sectors and its "tremors" will be felt in states as well, a rating agency said today.
In a landmark judgement, the apex court yesterday quashed allocation of 214 out of the 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993. The top court, however, allowed these cancelled blocks to continue extracting coal till March 31, 2015.
"We believe that the coal block cancellation by the Supreme Court could adversely impact the country's nascent economic recovery," India Ratings said in a report.
The report said the renewed coal scenario most likely would lead to an increase in coal prices, and this along with the revised gas pricing formula (under discussion) would increase fuel cost and thus electricity rates.
The rating outfit said in the event of insufficient fuel cost pass through to end users, the financial health of discoms (distribution companies) would deteriorate further.
"In case the fuel price hike is passed through completely, it will stoke inflation." The report further said the banking and financial institutions' exposure to these coal blocks is around a whopping Rs 2.5 trillion.
The banking sector is already under stress. And apart from commercial banks, Rural Electrification Corp and Power Finance Corp , too, will be hit by the cancellation, it said.
The SC has imposed a levy of Rs 295 per tonne of coal extracted till now by all cancelled block holders.
India Rating said the ruling will have a direct impact on corporates with allocated coal blocks and the "tremors" will be felt on state governments as well.
"While there may be some windfall gain for the Central Government this fiscal from the additional levy imposed, six states' finances would be affected by this ruling."
West Bengal is likely to be the worst affected, as six operating coal blocks allocated to various State Government companies have been annulled.
One operating coal block allotted to each state government company from Arunachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab and Rajasthan, too, has been cancelled.
After two years of under-5 per cent GDP growth, Asia's third largest economy expanded at 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2014-15.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pope Francis sacks Paraguay bishop in new sex abusescandalPope Francis
Agence-France Presse | Vatican City | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:42 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:44 pm
Pope Francis on on Thursday sacked a Paraguayan bishop who had been accused of protecting a suspected paedophile priest.
In an official statement, the Vatican said the removal of Ciudad del Este bishop Rogelio Livieres Plano had been a “painful decision taken for serious pastoral reasons.”
The decision to fire the conservative bishop follows a visit to Paraguay by a Vatican delegatation charged with investigating a case that had led to a public war-of-words between the South American country’s senior clerics.
Livieres had been publicly attacked by his colleagues in Paraguay for promoting and defending an Argentinian priest who has been accused of sexual abuse.
“This grave decision of the Holy See was taken for serious pastoral reasons and was motivated by the greater good of unity in the church of Ciudad del Este and the episcopal communion in Paraguay,” the Vatican statement said.
The Argentinian priest, Carlos Urrotigoity, had been named Livieres’s number two in the diocese, despite having been been accused of molesting minors while he was serving in a parish in Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The American diocese where he worked has publicly described him as “a serious threat to young people.”

Communal clashes in Vadodara; police fires teargasshellsPress Trust of India | Vadodara | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:22 pm
 
Police lobbed several teargas shells in Kumbharwad area of the city here on Thursday to control clashes between two different religious groups.
“Mobs belonging to different communities indulged in violent clashes, pelted stones at each other, set several vehicles on fire and damaged several shops,” police said.
“Stone pelting was reported from the area. The cause behind the incident is not known but apparently it was due to some photo circulated on the social media,” Vadodara Police Commissioner E Radhakrishnan said.
Fire fighters of the Vadodara Municipal Corporation rushed to the spot.
Radhakrishnan accompanied by senior officials rushed to spot to bring the situation under control.
State Reserve Police and the Rapid Action Force teams have been deployed for maintaining law and order, the police said.

Mukesh Ambani to attend US events during PM ModisvisitPrint
Chairman of Tata Sons, Cyrus Mistry and Reliance Industries, Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani at the launch of the "Make in India Mission" at Vigyan Bhavan. (Source: PTI photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:22 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:23 pm
Reliance Industries Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani will be in the US to attend some of the events organised in honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his 5-day visit.
He will be part of a business delegation that will be in New York and Washington during Modi’s visit.
Ambani, who missed being part of the business delegation that accompanied Modi on his visit to Japan last month due to pressing prior engagements, will attend a dinner and a reception being hosted in the honour of Indian Prime Minister in New York and Washington.
Sources said Ambani, India’s richest man, will on September 28 attend a dinner reception at The Pierre, a luxurious heritage hotel owned by Taj Hotels, hosted by the Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar.
The dinner reception would be attended by Indian Americans and Persons of Indian Origin.
On September 30, he will attend a reception hosted by US- India Business Council (USIBC) in honour of Modi at the Andrew Mellon Auditorium in Washington, DC.
RIL has huge business dealings with the US — it sells fuel and also has three shale assets in US in whom it plans to invest a further USD 2 billion for extraction of natural gas and oil from the sedimentary rock formations.
The company has invested USD 7.3 billion since 2010 when it entered the US shale market.

Taylor Swift  Justin Bieber put stink on Elizabeth Arden2
Elizabeth Arden had five of the top 10 celebrity perfumes in the United States last year, but the overall market for these perfumes is shrinking, according to Euromonitor.
This has had a bigger impact on Elizabeth Arden, which gets about 75 percent of its sales from perfumes, than on rivals such as Estee Lauder Cos Inc, L'Oreal SA and Coty Inc, who rely more on sales of cosmetics.
Elizabeth Arden's total sales fell 13.4 percent in the year ended June 30, with the fall increasing each quarter. About half the 14 percent decline in its North American sales was due to celebrity perfumes.
Distributors and retailers were selling the company's products for too little, CEO Scott Beattie said.
FRESH FUNDS
The result caps a year in which Elizabeth Arden saw a potential suitor walk away, launched a restructuring program, and started exploring alternatives to prop up its business.
While Elizabeth Arden said it expects sales to increase in the second half of fiscal 2015 as comparisons ease and pricing improves, Trucchio believes it would take years for the company to return to “historical levels of profitability”.
Net loss attributable to Elizabeth Arden widened to $155.9 million in the quarter from $5.0 million a year earlier. Net sales fell to $191.7 million.
The stock was trading down 24 percent at $14.93 in afternoon trading, making it the top percentage loser on the Nasdaq.

In time  S&P 500 s milestone will mean littlegailmarksjarvis One month til year-end.  Snare your tax deduction now. http://t.co/a1RH6d6jnF #taxes # housing #charity #doctors
S&P 500 index reaches a new record
Spencer Platt / Getty Images
The S&P 500’s latest record takes the index to more than triple its low point of 666 on March 9, 2009, when the bull market began. Above, a TV monitor displays news on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
The S&P 500’s latest record takes the index to more than triple its low point of 666 on March 9, 2009, when the bull market began. Above, a TV monitor displays news on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. (Spencer Platt / Getty Images)
What does S&P 500's milestone really mean?
Sure, S&P 500 hit 2,000, but it won't mean much in the future
The Standard & Poor's 500 index, the most commonly used representation of the stock market, made history Tuesday as it crossed over the 2,000 mark and closed at 2,000.02.
In a reminder that even the most terrifying periods in the stock market eventually heal and are replaced by periods of delectable gains, the S&P 500 has climbed 195.6 percent since early 2009. That's when the worst bear market since the Great Depression ended after about 11/2 years of collapsing financial companies and severe recession.
This year, as the economy continues to recover from those scars, the index, made up of 500 large U.S. stocks, has climbed 8.2 percent. That's on top of last year's 30 percent gain.
  Open link
But does Tuesday's historic 2,000 stock market milestone matter?
In a sense it matters because the all-time high of Tuesday will be tracked by market historians and analysts calibrating the direction of stocks from this day forward. But that doesn't mean 2,000, and the gains the S&P 500 has plopped into 401(k) plans and other accounts over the last 5 1/2 years, are for keeps.
"It's certainly a milestone," said BMO Private Bank chief investment officer Jack Ablin. "It falls somewhere between a graduation and a birthday."
In other words, while a 21st birthday may matter to a teenager looking forward to passage into adulthood, at age 40 it probably means little. Ablin notes that the last major milestone for the S&P 500 came in February 1998, when the index hit 1,000.
The chances are you don't remember it. Yet for those who celebrated the milestone in 1998, a valuable lesson followed a couple of years later: Milestones aren't promises for the future.
While the S&P hit the 1,000 mark in 1998 and climbed 27 percent that year and 19.5 percent the next amid investor infatuation with Internet stocks, the index plunged below the 1,000 level in September 2001 and again in summer 2002 as investors discovered how foolish they'd been investing in excessively pricey tech stocks. The index began a 49 percent decline in early 2000.

Problem Solver: Routine physical leads to insurance...She filed a second appeal.
On July 30, Golden Rule responded — again denying payment for the bloodwork.
Two weeks later, she received a letter from a collection agency, which was trying to collect $1,497.65 on behalf of Silver Cross Hospital for the bloodwork.
Unable to resolve the issue on her own, Klinefelter emailed "What's Your Problem?"
Klinefelter said Golden Rule paid similar charges for bloodwork completed on her husband at about the same time. She said she cannot fathom why the insurance company won't pay for hers.
"It's really crazy," she said. "I have no explanation for why my husband's services were paid but not mine."
Part of the sticking point, she said, could be that her doctor ordered a thyroid test to be included with the bloodwork. It is unclear whether that test is considered routine, she said. If it isn't, Klinefelter said she could understand paying for that test, which she said cost about $500. Either way, the other $1,000 should be erased, she said.
Klinefelter also requested help from the Illinois Department of Insurance.
"I've called all over the place," she said.
Golden Rule, she said, simply won't pay.
The Problem Solver contacted Ellen Laden, a spokeswoman for Golden Rule, a UnitedHealthcare company. On Monday, Laden emailed to say her company was reviewing the case.
"We cover preventive services as required by the Affordable Care Act and the terms of the health plan the customer has chosen," Laden wrote. "We rely upon the information submitted by a customer's health care providers in making claims determinations. This includes diagnosis and procedure coding used by the provider."
Laden said that after Klinefelter initially inquired about coverage and payments, Golden Rule "requested medical records from her providers and additional claims were determined to be payable," apparently referring to charges related to the office visit.
The spokeswoman said Golden Rule is conducting another review of her claims based on her request for help from the Illinois Department of Insurance.
"When it is completed, we will be back in touch with her," Laden said.
And the Problem Solver will provide an update.
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Colleges Fail to Deliver Real-World Career Prepcolleges fail to deliver real-world career prep
Wal-Mart Spokesman Resigns Over College Degreewal-mart spokesman resigns over college degree
Tanker at Center of Iraq Dispute to Offload in Texastanker at center of iraq dispute to offload in texas
The most pressing questions for Sears after the $400 million...3
Still, it's not in Lampert's best interests to declare bankruptcy soon.
He controls about $1.5 billion worth of Sears stock as of Thursday, the value of which typically gets wiped out in a bankruptcy.
If the company declares bankruptcy after ESL gets its $400 million plus interest back, either at the end of December or end of February, an upset creditor could ask the judge to claw back that money and divvy up the proceeds among other creditors. They'll argue the company was insolvent at the time ESL made the loan.
"If, in fact, it doesn't self-destruct after this holiday season, the more time that buys him and the more tenuous that claim becomes," said Rosanne Ciambrone, a bankruptcy lawyer with Duane Morris in Chicago.
How did it get this bad?
Most blame Lampert's neglect of the stores in favor of good cash flow during the recession.
Capital investments peaked in 2007 and never returned, dwindling to $361 million in 2009, while cash flow remained stable. Spending ticked up in 2010 and 2011 only to fall again in 2012, sitting at a low of $329 million in 2013, according to public filings.
"Lampert said it was a bad investment to invest in the stores," Paul Swinand, a Morningstar analyst who covers retail stocks, told MSN Money in 2012. "That's like saying in the airline business, it's bad to buy planes. That's the wrong way to run a business."
According to MSN, Swinand calculated Sears still was investing an industry low of $1 to $2 a square foot in stores in 2010.
An apt comparison could be RIM, the maker of BlackBerry mobile phones.
You fall behind. You get run over. And it becomes almost impossible to catch up.

Plane Evacuated After Being Filled With SmokeTODAY   |  September 19, 2014
Plane evacuated after being filled with smoke
A Jet Blue plane carrying 147 people had to be evacuated after smoke begin filling up the aircraft during takeoff. NBC’s Tom Costello reports.
Share This:
Former DC mayor Marion Barry dies at 78
TODAY
Buffalo braces for massive melt
TODAY
Ferguson awaits a grand jury decision
TODAY
Georgia kids learn Mandarin in grade school
TODAY
President Obama finds himself in the middle of immigration debate
TODAY
UVA suspends all fraternities amid ongoing rape investigation
TODAY
California boy wakes up from coma after fall from cliff
TODAY
Blind wrestler inspires those around him
TODAY

Marriott Wants You to Vacation on a Virtual Beachmarriott wants you to vacation on a virtual beach
How Plastics Could Help Save Us From Greenhouse Gaseshow plastics could help save us from greenhouse gases
Dow Hits Record Close After Scotland Vote  Alibaba Debutdow hits record close after scotland vote  alibaba debut
Horizon Pharma defies lawmakers  moves to IrelandHorizon Pharma defies lawmakers, moves to Ireland
Horizon Pharma
The arthritis pain drugs Duexis and Vimovo may not be covered by CVS Caremark or Express Scripts come January, drugmaker Horizon Pharma Inc. said.
The arthritis pain drugs Duexis and Vimovo may not be covered by CVS Caremark or Express Scripts come January, drugmaker Horizon Pharma Inc. said.
Horizon Pharma: So long Illinois
Drugmaker plants flag in Ireland for tax benefit
Despite growing criticism from lawmakers in Washington, a Deerfield drugmaker on Friday officially planted its corporate flag in Ireland, a move designed in part to lower its tax bill.
Horizon Pharma completed its $587 million acquisition of the Irish pharmaceutical company Vidara Therapeutics International in a deal that allowed it to officially move its headquarters to Dublin.
The announcement came the same day that U.S. Sens. Dick Durbin of Illinois and Sherrod Brown of Ohio, both Democrats, unveiled the latest in a flurry of bills aimed at stemming the exodus of U.S. companies to more tax-friendly countries.
Walgreen will opt to forgo a so-called tax inversion, ending months of speculation and a steady drumbeat of criticism from activists and politicians. ( Peter Frost )
"It's a terrible corporate decision by these companies and we have to change our tax policies to discourage it," Durbin said. "I think this issue is picking up momentum … and people are unhappy about it. So am I."
Horizon is one of 14 large U.S. companies to complete an address change since the beginning of 2012. Eight more have announced plans to follow suit, including its north suburban neighbor and fellow drugmaker, AbbVie Inc.
The rush to reincorporate overseas, known as inversion, is being fueled by a desire to escape the U.S.' 35 percent corporate income tax rate, the highest in the developed world.
Tim Walbert, Horizon's chief executive officer, who will remain in Deerfield, estimates the company's tax rate will drop into the low-20 percent range or lower, down from the high-30 percent range before the move.
8
Decamping for the Emerald Isle, he said Friday, "will level the playing field for us in terms of pursuing our broader acquisition strategy."
Horizon, which first announced the Vidara acquisition March 18, focuses on acquiring lesser-known drugs with less than $200 million in annual sales and backing them with an aggressive promotional strategy to grow revenue. It often competed for those drugs against foreign-domiciled competitors, which Walbert said held a substantial advantage because of their lower corporate tax rates.
"If I'm a U.S. company with a tax rate in the high 30s and I'm competing with (a foreign company) with a tax rate in the low 20s, they can pay 18 percent more and get the deal and it's not going to cost them any more money," Walbert said. "We would consistently be at a disadvantage."
Horizon is the first company to complete an inversion that risks being overturned if a separate bill submitted by congressional Democrats this year becomes law. The proposal, submitted by Rep. Sandy Levin, D-Mich., would deny the tax benefits of certain types of inversions that occurred after May 8.
Under that bill, U.S. companies that merge with a foreign company would remain U.S. corporations for tax purposes unless the foreign company's shareholders wind up with more than 50 percent of the combined company's shares.
In the Horizon deal, Vidara's shareholders got about 26 percent, above the current threshold of 20 percent.
@chitowngal02 The tax rate in the 1940's was much higher than what it is today. They paid for WWII unlike todays wars that are not paid for.
Bushfail
44
Walbert said the probability that the Levin proposal will become law in the near term is low.
"It's a good debate to have, but we don't worry about it," Walbert said. "When you've got a divided Congress like we do now, we tend to see a lot of opinions but not a lot of actions."
The Joint Committee on Taxation, a nonpartisan arm of Congress, estimates the Levin bill would preserve $19.5 billion in otherwise lost tax revenue over the next 10 years.
Republicans want to address the problem through broad corporate tax reform that lowers rates. But many Democrats want to act sooner. Proposals range from making it more difficult to invert to blocking certain tactics foreign companies use to reduce U.S. taxes.
Foreign profits earned by U.S.-based companies are not taxed in the United States until they are repatriated, so many companies hold cash and invest overseas to avoid those taxes. Citing research from Audit Analytics, Durbin said more than 500 U.S.-based companies held a combined $2.1 trillion outside the country in 2013.
Durbin's bill aims to eliminate the appeal of inversions by going after money parked outside the U.S. if a company seeks to incorporate abroad.
Under his proposal, any attempt by a U.S. company to move overseas would trigger a tax on its foreign earnings held abroad.
Although the bill would not have much of an effect on Horizon, which has limited overseas earnings, Durbin said the U.S. should consider every possible avenue to "find a way to slow down this trend and stop it."
"It's irresponsible on their part, particularly for pharmaceutical companies who rely on the federal government for so much of what makes them profitable," Durbin said, noting that a substantial amount of their profits are derived from selling drugs covered by government programs like Medicare and Medicaid.
President Barack Obama in July labeled the practice an "unpatriotic tax loophole" and has vowed a Treasury Department crackdown.
Durbin said the Obama administration is serious about stopping inversions. He said he spoke about the issue this week with Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, who is working on regulations to limit tax advantages for "corporate deserters."
Reuters and Bloomberg News contributed.

Should UIC  University of Hawaii stay in race for Obama...ChiConfidential @therealfitz @nickkokonas @Gachatz Thanks Moshe!
Caption Harrison Field site for Obama presidential library
Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune
A proposed site for the Obama presidential library on the University of Illinois at Chicago campus just south of the Eisenhower Expressway. It is bounded by Harrison on the South, the Eisenhower on the North, Halsted on the East and Morgan Street on the West.
A proposed site for the Obama presidential library on the University of Illinois at Chicago campus just south of the Eisenhower Expressway. It is bounded by Harrison on the South, the Eisenhower on the North, Halsted on the East and Morgan Street on the West. (Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Proposed South Shore site for Obama library
Anthony Souffle, Chicago Tribune
One of the University of Chicago's three proposed sites for the Obama presidential library is near the South Shore Cultural Center.
One of the University of Chicago's three proposed sites for the Obama presidential library is near the South Shore Cultural Center. (Anthony Souffle, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Proposed South Shore site for Obama library
Anthony Souffle, Chicago Tribune
A section of the South Shore Cultural Center is one of the University of Chicago's three proposed sites for the future Obama presidential library
A section of the South Shore Cultural Center is one of the University of Chicago's three proposed sites for the future Obama presidential library (Anthony Souffle, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Proposed South Shore location for Obama library
Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune
Rashawn Taylor, 38, of Chicago, works out on the beach near the South Shore Cultural Center, one of the University of Chicago's three proposed locations for the Obama presidential library.
Rashawn Taylor, 38, of Chicago, works out on the beach near the South Shore Cultural Center, one of the University of Chicago's three proposed locations for the Obama presidential library. (Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Proposed South Shore site for Obama library
Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune
Land to the north of the South Shore Cultural Center, a landmarked building at 70th Street and the lakefront, is one of the University of Chicago's three proposed locations for the Obama presidential library.
Land to the north of the South Shore Cultural Center, a landmarked building at 70th Street and the lakefront, is one of the University of Chicago's three proposed locations for the Obama presidential library. (Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune)
Can UIC, University of Hawaii afford to stay to compete for the Obama library?
Do underdog candidates stand a chance in race for Obama library?
The University of Illinois at Chicago and the University of Hawaii should be proud to be included among the four semifinalists to be the site of President Barack Obama's presidential library, as announced last week.
But the next phase of this competition requires proposals so detailed as to be prohibitively expensive. And that has some wondering about the wisdom of their continuing in this race.
"Think about the amount of time and money they're going to have to spend on something that's virtually impossible for them to get," said Anthony Clark, the author of a forthcoming book on presidential libraries, "The Last Campaign: How Presidents Rewrite History, Run for Posterity and Enshrine Their Legacies."
Archives: Bids for the Obama Library Read the story
"They're going to get some support from alumni and from businesses as they try to catch the news cycle. But there are better ways to invest their marketing and advertising dollars."
Want proof? You might know the name of the university that won the George W. Bush Library. Without Google's help, can you name a single finalist?
The winner was Southern Methodist. The finalists were Baylor, Texas Tech and the University of Dallas.
What about George H.W. Bush? Finalists: Rice and University of Houston. Winner: Texas A&M.
There are plenty of reasons why Obama's library likely will be different. Among them is that his team of planners is led by veteran real estate executive Marty Nesbitt and supported by experts at Jones Lang LaSalle.

Overwatering can cause yews to turn yellow or brownOverwatering can cause yews to turn yellow or brown
Healthy yews
Chicago Botanic Garden
Yews are sensitive to being overwatered or planted in sites that are too wet.
Yews are sensitive to being overwatered or planted in sites that are too wet. (Chicago Botanic Garden)
By Tim Johnson,, Special to the Tribune
Chicago Botanic Garden Real Estate
Q: A group of yews along the front of my house are turning a yellow color along with some brown patches. This looks different from the yews at my neighbor's house, which suffered winter burn. I had planted these yews to help hide an ugly downspout. Any ideas as to what the problem might be?
— Patty Cline, Evanston
A: Yews are sensitive to being overwatered or planted in sites that are too wet. It is likely that this is the problem with your yews, since they are planted near a downspout.
0
In too-wet sites, these shrubs will decline in vigor, and the foliage will thin and turn yellow. Generally, you will also see brown foliage in yews that are suffering because of heavy, wet soil.
Whether your yews can be saved is difficult to tell without having a picture to see the extent of the damage.
If most of the foliage is yellow and the plants are 50 percent or more open than normal, then it will likely be best to replace them.
First, you will need to improve the drainage of the growing site. Make sure the water coming out of the downspout drains away from the plants and the house foundation.
If the ground is low around the downspout, water will tend to pool there when it rains and saturate the soil in the general vicinity. Fill in any low spots and grade the soil as needed to ensure that water quickly flows away from the yews. You may be able to raise the end of the downspout and add soil to increase the slope so water moves away from the bed more quickly.
Try to position the yews away from the end of the downspout. Consider planting them high, in a mound of earth a few inches higher than the surrounding soil, to avoid the wet zone that can kill the plants.
If you are unable to solve the drainage problem, replace the yews with a plant that is more tolerant of wet conditions.
Tim Johnson is director of horticulture for the Chicago Botanic Garden in Glencoe; ctc-realestate@tribune.com .

The Trouble With iOS 8All the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

For a richer  not poorer  future  newlyweds need a financial planBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel September 23 Follow @DaniDougPost
(Dawid Markiewicz/iStock)
You’ve unpacked the wedding gifts, written the thank-you notes. But before you settle into married life, take some time to discuss your finances.
By now, you and your spouse should already know about each other’s assets, debt and spending habits. (If you don’t, then start talking.)
Full disclosure: I recently got hitched, so financial planning has become a topic of great interest in my household. My husband and I are thankfully on the same page about saving and investing. Still, it’s an adjustment to go from thinking in terms of my finances to our finances. I reached out to a few experts for advice that should help other couples make this transition. Here’s what they had to say:
Budget: Make a list of your monthly income and expenses, said Joe Sullender, senior vice president and investment officer at Wells Fargo Advisors. Figure out which expenses are a must, such as rent/mortgage, utilities, joint cash reserve, and which are extras, like your monthly manicures.
“Make sure that you have a surplus every month, that you’re not spending more than what is coming in,” Sullender said. “If you have credit card debt, come up with a joint plan to pay that off; then you can discuss your long-term plans.”
Anna Behnam, a financial adviser at Ameriprise, advises her clients to discuss their financial goals early on and map out the best way to get there. That might mean cutting back on things you did when you were single, like dining out several nights a week or buying lunch every day.
“Getting over the single life and moving into the emotional readiness of a joint life is probably the biggest hurdle,” Behnam said. “Put together a couple’s budget, try it out for six months and then revisit the plan.”
Bank accounts: There are a few ways to approach this one. You can combine all of your accounts, keep them all separate or opt for a combination of the two.
Combining them can make it easier to manage your money, but that might entail more negotiation on how every dime is spent. Keeping everything separate may give both of you more autonomy, but it also means keeping track of more accounts. Behnam advises her clients to set up a joint account for shared household expenses and savings goals, while maintaining separate accounts for personal spending.
“At a minimum, have a joint house account, which makes it easier than trying to figure out what half the mortgage is and half the electric bill is,” she said. “You want it to be joint with rights of survivorship, which means that if anything happens to either of you the other one has full rights to the party.”
Credit cards: If you and your spouse have multiple credit cards, make a list of which cards have the best terms — cash back or travel points and no annual fees — and close the rest once you’ve paid off the balance, Behnam said.
“If your husband only has one credit card, leave it open because you want to show that he has experience with credit,” she said. “If you have X number of credit cards that add up to $50,000 worth of credit, in a way a lender has to assume that you’re going to spend that amount. And then they’ll wonder whether you can still afford to repay the loan if you take out all of that credit. If you don’t need all of that credit, close some of those accounts.”
Be careful here. Canceling cards can hurt your credit score if doing so raises your balance in relation to your overall available credit, said Anthony A. Sprauve, FICO’s director of public relations. You can offset the effect by asking for an increase of the credit limit on the cards you want to keep, but do it before you cancel anything.
Also, be mindful of canceling your older cards because once the credit card company stops reporting on the closed account, it could hurt your score as the length of your credit history accounts for 15 percent of your score.
Opening joint credit cards is also tricky. Both of you are responsible for the full balance of the account, so “bad behavior by either spouse will hurt both FICO scores,” Sprauve said.
He added, “Being an authorized user on someone else’s credit card account has minimal impact – positive or negative – on your FICO Score and vice versa.”
Taxes: One of the first things you should do after getting married is adjust the withholding allowances you claim on your W-4 form. Allowances are used to help your employer calculate the amount of income tax to withhold from your paycheck based on income, deductions and marital status.
If your spouse isn’t working, for instance, you can add an allowance. Visit the Internal Revenue Service Web site to figure out how many allowances you’re due. If both of you are working, add up all of the allowances you’re entitled to, then divide the total between you and your spouse. Use the W-4 instructions to make sure you are not over- or under-withholding.
“The more withholding allowance you have, the less is taken out of your pay,” said Jackie Perlman, principal tax research analyst at the Tax Institute at H&R Block Retirement.
When it comes to filing your taxes, couples have the choice of “married filing jointly” or “married filing separately.” Consult an accountant or use an online calculator to figure out which status will result in the lowest taxes.
The more divergent your income (you make $90,000 and your spouse makes $40,000), the more likely that filing jointly will push the higher earner into a lower tax bracket. But if your incomes are about the same and both high, combining them could result in paying more taxes.
Keep in mind that filing separately as a married couple has limitations, Perlman said. If you itemize deductions, your spouse cannot claim the standard deduction, so you both would have to itemize or use the standard deduction. You two would also be ineligible for many tax credits, including education tax credits, student tax deductions and the earned income credit.
Another disadvantage to filing separately is that you and your spouse will be ineligible for the  premium tax credit , a refundable tax credit designed to help low or moderate income people buy health insurance through the exchanges established in the Affordable Care Act. (There are exceptions for victims of domestic abuse.)
Perlman said there are some compelling reasons for couples to file separately, especially when one person has fallen behind in student loan payments, owes back taxes or child support. Joint filers are liable for each others debts and could have both of their wages garnished regardless of who owes the money.
“If you want to keep your refund protected, file an injured spouse form where you’re telling the IRS upfront not to come after you for what your husband did,” Perlman said.
Retirement: Behnam has her married clients figure out how much they need to save on a monthly basis for retirement. If the couple has individual 401k plans through employers who match their contributions, she encourages them to fund those plans first. Any money that is left after that should go into a joint retirement account, preferably a Roth IRA because of the tax break on the money withdrawn from the account during retirement, she said.
Only one spouse can lay claim to an individual retirement account, though you can both contribute. Roth IRAs comes with income and contribution restrictions . A married couple filing their taxes jointly can earn no more than $181,000 to fully contribute to a Roth IRA, while the cap for a couple filing separately is $10,000 per person. If you’re under age 50, you and your spouse can each contribute $5,500 a year to the joint retirement account.
Insurance: When it comes to health insurance, you and your spouse should do a cost-benefit analysis of your individual plans and the family plans offered by your employer, Behnam said. Keeping your individual plans may save you more money than signing up for a family plan, but more often than not joint health insurance is the best way to go.
If you both have cars, consider consolidating your auto policies. Many large insurers, including Nationwide, AllState and Geico, offer multi-car discounts. Depending on the insurer, you could also bundle your auto and homeowners or renters insurance. Nationwide recommends that couples take account of all of their possessions  – jewelry, computers, smartphones and wedding gifts – that need to be covered under one homeowners or renters policy.
Many employers offer some life and disability insurance with basic coverage, which is a good floor for couples starting out. Financial advisers recommend taking out an additional policy or increasing your existing one, when you and your spouse are ready to have children.
Danielle Douglas-Gabriel covers student debt. Before that, she wrote about the banking industry.

Infiniti targets Aston MartinWith Q80 Inspiration, Infiniti targets Aston Martin
By  Vijay Pattni
Read more about these links.
Infiniti Q80 Inspiration. (Infiniti)
This is the Infiniti Q80 Inspiration. It's a four-door, four-seat super ... thing. Infiniti calls it a fastback; we call it huge.
Related
Infiniti casts lot with hybrids
Imposing from any angle, the Q80 Inspiration measures close to 17ft long, 7ft wide and 4.5ft high – almost identical to the dimensions of the Aston Martin Rapide .  The car is a statement of where corporate parent Nissan wants to head in the near future, hinting at an upcoming Infiniti flagship.
No specific word on the powertrain, but we're told it will be use gasoline-electric hybrid setup with "additional technologies", including adaptive damping for the suspension.
There is word on the body, though. The doors open ‘portal style', there's lightweight acoustic glass, and an interior crafted from carbon-fibre, aluminium and many leathers. Seating? Infiniti calls it a "1+1+1+1" arrangement, which sounds not unlike the four-place cabin of the aforementioned Rapide.
Infiniti design director Alfonso Albaisa says: "In Q80 Inspiration, we wanted to capture that unforgettable feeling when you experience something important, something beautiful, something magnetic for the first time."
We'll confirm whether this is the case when see it properly for the first time in Paris next week, where the Q80 makes its motor-show debut. Until then, have a look at the picture above.
What we can tell you about this car, however, is that its design will influence a smaller, BMW 4-Series rivalling Infiniti coupe. Infiniti's chief creative officer Shiro Nakamura exclusively revealed to TopGear.com last week that work was already underway on a compact coupe, which we'll see next year. Possibly with a GT-R-engined 560bhp version too...
A version of this story appeared on TopGear.com .
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

No Waist: Coke  Pepsi Pledge to Cut Caloriesno waist: coke  pepsi pledge to cut calories
U.S. motorists driving more miles  using less gasU.S. motorists driving more miles, using less gas
US-LIFESTYLE-TRAFFIC-LABOR DAY
Trips and Vacations Economy Federal Housing Administration AAA Labor Day
Total miles driven by American motorists nears pre-recession highs, yet oil use down 5 pct.
Improved mpg contributes to 5 percent drop in oil use despite a return to pre-recession high of miles driven.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. motorists drove more miles this summer than at any time since the 2008 financial crisis, according to government data, but the cause and implications of the roadway revival may be different than in years past.
There's just one problem with the push to drive less, buy an electric car, commute by public transit or ride bikes: People are doing it. ( Julie Wernau )
The slow recovery in total miles driven may have more to do with a resurgence in vehicle sales due to zero- or low-interest loans than a long-term return to increased driving. But some experts suggested the data may be misleading, with trends like increased telecommuting and an aging population spending less time behind the wheel.
Americans' driving habits are a closely watched indicator for oil traders since U.S. gasoline use makes up about one-tenth of global oil demand, but consumption is still weak as fuel-economy standards rise faster than miles driven.
8
Motorists drove an estimated 266.8 billion miles on U.S. highways and roads in July, up 1.5 percent from the same month in the previous year, according to recent data from the Federal Highway Administration (FHA). The July figure is just shy of the 10-year high recorded in August 2007, before the Great Recession resulted in massive unemployment and forced consumers to scale back travel. Total miles typically peak in July and August for vacation travel.
For the first six months of 2014, vehicle miles traveled, the FHA measuring stick, were the highest since 2008, before the outbreak of the financial crisis.
Low-interest financing has helped spur new car sales to the highest levels in more than a decade, encouraging more drivers to hit the roads, according to AAA spokesman Robert Sinclair.
"Most new cars get good fuel economy and gas prices are falling. Combine that with an economy that's slowly coming back and we see lots of road trips. Our travel projections for Labor Day showed a willingness of travelers to use credit cards to finance a trip, which could be a general trend," Sinclair said."
GASOLINE CONSUMPTION FLAT
The latest monthly figures from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) show gasoline consumption remained little changed.
0
In June, the United States consumed 9.03 million barrels per day (bpd) of gasoline, slightly less than the year before and about 5 percent less than 9.49 million bpd in June 2007, according to EIA data.
In 2013, the United States used about 8.8 million barrels per day of gasoline, 4.4 percent less than the ten-year high of 9.2 million bpd seen in 2006, according to EIA data.
The softer consumption came as cars get more miles per gallon. Last month, the fuel economy of new cars reached record highs, rising to 25.8 miles per gallon, according to researchers at the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute.
Michael Sivak, a professor at the institute, said in the last few years people were driving less and consuming less gas. He said historically the decline would be related to poor economic conditions, but that analysis no longer applies.
"The reductions in these rates likely reflect fundamental, non-economic changes in society, such as increased telecommuting, increased use of public transportation, increased urbanization of the population, and changes in the age composition of drivers," Sivak said in an email.
The EIA agrees that the dynamics of the automobile industry have changed.
"Before the 2007 peak, travel behavior in the United States tracked closely with economic growth," the agency noted in a report. "Since 2007, trends in U.S. [driving] have not followed the trends in economic indicators such as income and employment as closely."
(Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)

Red Truck Bakery pulls out of Jim Abdos plans for Little WashingtonBy Jonathan O'Connell September 23 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Red Truck Bakery, in Warrenton, is planning a headquarters move to Marshall instead of Little Washington. (File photo by Jeffrey MacMillan/Capital Business)
Red Truck Bakery, one of a bevy of businesses that developer Jim Abdo hoped to bring to Main Street in Little Washington, will instead move its headquarters to Marshall, Va., owner Brian Noyes said Tuesday.
Noyes had planned to move the bulk of his operations to a building Abdo purchased in Little Washington, while maintaining a retail shop at his current headquarters in Warrenton.
But he said he changed course after a much larger space in two side-by-side buildings in Marshall became available and seemed more prepared to accommodate his rapidly growing business.
In Warrenton, the bakery’s staff is strapped for space to bake and package the company’s pies, cakes and other delights, most of which are sold online.
Red Truck Bakery owner Brian Noyes said he felt no ill will toward Abdo and would still consider Little Washington down the road. (File photo by Jeffrey MacMillan/Capital Business)
“We’re getting really busy and we’re getting in national press, so our next move has to be to a place that can handle our business and be our headquarters for the next 10 years,” Noyes said.
Not only is the location in Marshall larger, but it is a former restaurant with a commercial kitchen and a loading dock that is much closer to Interstate 66. “It just kind of added up to being a really good place to work for us for a really long time,” he said.
Logistics weren’t the only reason for the change.
Noyes, a former art director for The Washington Post and Smithsonian Magazine, said that although the Town of Washington issued the necessary approvals for his building there, he was turned off by  criticism he and Abdo received from some corners, particularly on a local e-mail listserv,  Rappnet.org .
“I was really taken aback at some of the nastiness of the Rappnet comments,” he said. “I signed on and I followed them, and it really turned out to be about eight people who were trying to curry the favor of other members of the group.”
The critics probably aren’t even residents of Washington, Noyes said. But they made a mark nonetheless, and he said by contrast the reception in Marshall could not have been rosier. He hopes to open there later this year or early next.  “It’s open arms and they’re really happy to see us there,” he said.
Red Truck’s planned future headquarters, in Marshall, Va. (Courtesy Brian Noyes)
The switch represents a setback to Abdo’s plans to populate the town’s Main Street with new businesses, though he has much more in the works.
Abdo, a D.C. developer who owns a country estate in Rappahannock County, purchased a series of historical buildings near the famed Inn at Little Washington and opened his own place to stay nearby, the White Moose Inn. He said he is still working through plans with other partners, including chef Daniel O’Brien, luxury home wares seller Debbie Winsor and designer Jeff Akseizer.
Noyes and Abdo both said they would be interested in opening something together in Little Washington down the road.
“His heart is in Little Washington,” Abdo said. “But I think that from a practicality standpoint, from a business standpoint, Marshall should come before Little Washington.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Huge Wyoming Wind Farm Would Store Energy in Utah Caveshuge wyoming wind farm would store energy in utah caves
Amazon Tests Smart Home Gadgets  Expands Hardware LabYou are here: Home Corporates
Amazon Tests Smart Home Gadgets, Expands Hardware Lab
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 17:10 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
San Francisco: Amazon.com Inc will boost staffing at its secretive Silicon Valley-based hardware unit by at least 27 per cent over the next five years as it tests Internet-connected "smart" home gadgets such as a one-button device to order supplies.
The plans, detailed in a little-known government document and by people familiar with the matter, signal Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos's intentions to double down on the No. 1 US online retailer's hardware strategy. This is despite the lukewarm reception of Amazon's new Fire smart phone and some investors' criticism of its heavy spending on highly experimental projects.
The Lab126 division, which developed Amazon's Kindle and other consumer electronics devices, plans to boost its full-time payroll to at least 3,757 people by 2019, according to the agreement reached with California in June that would give Amazon $1.2 million in tax breaks.
Amazon will invest $55 million in Lab126's operations in Sunnyvale and Cupertino, the agreement posted on the California governor's website shows.
This expansion comes as Lab126 tests connected-home devices that could open up a new front in its war against Google Inc and Apple Inc, two people familiar with Lab126's activities said recently.
The sources requested anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the media.
Technology companies see Internet-connected dishwashers, thermostats and other household devices that can "talk" to one another as ways to fuel demand for products and services. But skeptics say many of these devices cost too much for most consumers and could take years to go mainstream.
Amazon is testing a simple wi-fi device that could be placed in the kitchen or a closet, allowing customers to order products like detergent by pressing a button, one of the people said. Lab126 is also interested in wearable devices, the other person said. Both sources stressed that such devices may never come to market.
These details shed rare light on the division at Amazon, which is notoriously tight-lipped about any unit's operations and staffing.
In a statement, Amazon said Lab126 was moving "incredibly quickly" and cited the company's 2014 devices, including the Fire phone, Fire set-top box and several new tablets and e-readers.
"We will continue to invent and create new features, services and products, and to support this innovation. Lab 126 is also growing very quickly," Amazon spokeswoman Kinley Pearsall said.
Aim to be indispensable
Whether or not Amazon ultimately sells connected home and wearable devices, the experiments hint at Bezos' broader ambitions. Lab126 has become increasingly important to Amazon's broader aim to use devices to make it indispensable to its more than 240 million active users.
Bezos is deeply involved in developing Lab126's projects, from the 2007 debut of the first Kindle e-reader to the Fire phone.
The Fire phone, which Lab126 worked on for four years, debuted this summer to lackluster sales and reviews. Earlier this month, Amazon cut the price of its phone to 99 cents with a two-year contract with AT&T.
Amazon shares are down nearly 20 per cent this year.
Other tech leaders are also seeking a central place in the home. In January, Google bought Nest Labs, a smart thermostat maker for $3.2 billion. In June, Apple announced plans for HomeKit, its own framework for connecting household gadgets.
Embedding households with such devices would be much more lucrative than merely selling gadgets like wireless LED light bulbs or wi-fi garage-door openers.
With Lab126's experiments, Amazon envisions homes decked out with Internet-connected sensors that would allow it to tell customers ahead of time when they need to replace air conditioner filters or service their washing machines, one of the sources said.
"If I walk into my laundry room and there's a big pool of water and the floor needs to be replaced, I'd love to know about it two weeks before it happens," said Ryo Koyama, CEO of Weaved, a startup working on connected-home technology.
Lab126 had almost 3,000 full-time employees in its 2013 taxable year.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How Chicago business leaders get the most from social media0
We were hearing mainly through social media that “I don't like these big bulky things.” So we imparted on a path of “how do you make this detector very small so it’s unobtrusive to the consumer in their home and they’ll be more likely to add additional protection.”
• Nancy Wright , CEO of Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago and Northwest Indiana, on managing scouting’s image and engaging girls in the digital age:
We have to think about everything that is part of a young person’s world right now. Technology is going to be key to that process. That’s one of the opportunities I see here using technology and social media in a totally different way than we’re using it currently.
• Mary Lee Schneider , president and CEO of Westchester-based Follett Corp., on how it’s taking a page from social media to innovate:
One (product) is Faculty Discover. Think of it as a TripAdvisor for professors and instructors to discover crowd-sourced content from textbooks, supplemental materials, Ted talks, and trade show presentations that they might not have considered before. We’ll also enable a peer-to-peer sharing tool to rate instructional materials.
• B. Bonin Bough , vice president of global media and consumer engagement at Mondelez International Inc., on lessons from its Mobile Futures incubator pilots with startups:
Waze is a crowdsourced traffic and navigation app. We ran a program that highlighted a pin whenever you drove by a Kum & Go, Quick Chek or Target store. Our brand and the Target brand would appear on the screen, and when you clicked on it, you could receive an offer for Stride gum. We had huge engagement rates; 3 percent of people who saw the ad navigated their car to the Target store. 
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Gerald Herbert / ASSOCIATED PRESSHere's how to spend less on auto insurance
Michael Strong, The Detroit Bureau
Sep. 24, 2014 at 8:14 AM ET
Email
Many Americans will drive a few miles out of their way to save a couple of  cents on a gallon of gas and fastidiously check the air pressure in their tires  to improve mileage and save a buck or two. But many fail to take advantage of a  simple way to save money: raising the deductible on their car insurance from  $500 to $1,000.
Car owners save an average of 9 percent on their premiums by making that  change, according to a new report by insuranceQuotes.com. Savings jump an  average 16 percent for drivers who change their deductible from $500 to $2,000.  
The changes do, however, vary by state: Massachusetts gives the biggest break  (19 percent) for drivers upping their premium by $500, while Michigan provides  the smallest cut (4 percent).
Gerald Herbert / ASSOCIATED PRESS
Many Americans will drive a few miles out of their way to save a couple of cents on a gallon of gas but many fail to take advantage of a simple way to save money.
"It's very interesting to see that in some states raising your deductible  gives you a huge savings and in others it barely moves the needle," said Laura  Adams, senior analyst at insuranceQuotes.com.
"In some states, you can save hundreds of dollars each year by signing up for  a higher deductible, but in others, the reward is so small that it doesn't make  sense to risk the higher deductible. This is a good reminder that doing a little  research and knowing what's available to you can really pay off in the long  run." 
Other states providing decent rate drops include South Dakota at 14 percent,  and Kansas, Wyoming and Iowa at 13 percent. Running with Michigan at the bottom  of the list are Florida, with just 5 percent savings, and Louisiana, North  Carolina and Nevada at 6 percent. 
Michigan's ranking isn't much of a surprise given the state has one of the  average highest insurance premiums in the country.
"Michigan is the only state where car insurance includes unlimited personal  injury protection," Adams said. "Also, Detroit has a very high percentage of  uninsured motorists—as high as 50 percent by some estimates. That unfortunately  raises rates for those who do have car insurance."
Detroit drivers pay 165 percent more than the average driver in the U.S.—the  highest rate in the nation, according to the website NerdWallet.com. 
More from The Detroit Bureau:

Amazon tests smart home gadgets  expands hardware labAmazon tests smart home gadgets, expands hardware lab
Jeff Bezos
David Ryder / Getty Images
Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos presents the company's first smartphone, the Fire Phone in Seattle.
Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos presents the company's first smartphone, the Fire Phone in Seattle. (David Ryder / Getty Images)
By Deepa Seetharaman and Noel Randewich, Reuters
Amazon.com Inc ramped up its push into hardware on Wednesday with the debut of six new or upgraded devices, including a high-end $199 e-reader called the Kindle Voyage and its cheapest-ever touch-screen tablet. ( Jennifer Saba and Deepa Seetharaman )
The plans, detailed in a little-known government document and by people familiar with the matter, signal the intentions of CEO Jeff Bezos to double down on the No. 1 U.S. online retailer's hardware strategy. This is despite the lukewarm reception of Amazon's new Fire smartphone and some investors' criticism of its heavy spending on highly experimental projects.
The Lab126 division, which developed Amazon's Kindle and other consumer electronics devices, plans to boost its full-time payroll to at least 3,757 people by 2019, according to the agreement reached with California in June that would give Amazon $1.2 million in tax breaks.
Amazon will invest $55 million in Lab126's California operations in Sunnyvale and Cupertino, the agreement posted on the governor's website shows.
This expansion comes as Lab126 tests connected-home devices that could open up a new front in its war against Google and Apple, two people familiar with Lab126's activities said recently.
The sources requested anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the media.
Technology companies see Internet-connected dishwashers, thermostats and other household devices that can "talk" to one another as ways to fuel demand for products and services. But skeptics say many of these devices cost too much for most consumers and could take years to go mainstream.
cComments
As one of the internet tech companies you mention (our service is low-cost DIY cloud-based video monitoring) we have found that the technology is more than affordable for most consumers. Our cameras "talk to" user's phone or tablet, sending notifications of activity that...
AuroraIWL
1
Amazon is testing a simple Wi-Fi device that could be placed in the kitchen or a closet, allowing customers to order products like detergent by pressing a button, one of the people said. Lab126 also is interested in wearable devices, the other person said. Both sources stressed that such devices may never come to market.
These details shed rare light on the division at Amazon, which is notoriously tight-lipped about any unit's operations and staffing.
In a statement, Amazon said Lab126 was moving "incredibly quickly" and cited the company's 2014 devices, including the Fire phone, Fire set-top box and several new tablets and e-readers.
"We will continue to invent and create new features, services and products, and to support this innovation. Lab 126 is also growing very quickly," Amazon spokeswoman Kinley Pearsall said.
AIM TO BE INDISPENSABLE
Whether or not Amazon ultimately sells connected home and wearable devices, the experiments hint at Bezos' broader ambitions. Lab126 has become increasingly important to Amazon's aim to use devices to make it indispensable to its more than 240 million active users.
Bezos is deeply involved in developing Lab126's projects, from the 2007 debut of the first Kindle e-reader to the Fire phone.
The Fire phone, which Lab126 worked on for four years, debuted this summer to lackluster sales and reviews. Earlier this month, Amazon cut the price of its phone to 99 cents with a two-year contract with AT&T.
Amazon shares are down nearly 20 percent this year.
Other tech leaders are also seeking a central place in the home. In January, Google bought Nest Labs, a maker of smart thermostats for $3.2 billion. In June, Apple announced plans for HomeKit, its own framework for connecting household gadgets.
Embedding households with such devices would be much more lucrative than merely selling gadgets like wireless LED light bulbs or Wi-Fi garage-door openers.
With Lab126's experiments, Amazon envisions homes decked out with Internet-connected sensors that would allow it to tell customers ahead of time when they need to replace air conditioner filters or service their washing machines, one of the sources said.
"If I walk into my laundry room and there's a big pool of water and the floor needs to be replaced, I'd love to know about it two weeks before it happens," said Ryo Koyama, CEO of Weaved, a startup working on connected-home technology.
Lab126 had almost 3,000 full-time employees in its 2013 taxable year.

Never stop learning: Sandee Kastrul  icstarsNever stop learning: Sandee Kastrul, icstars
Never stop learning: Sandee Kastrul, icstars
Sandee Kastrul, president and co-founder of icstars, says no matter a person's age or position, "We can never stop learning."
Sandee Kastrul, president and co-founder of icstars, says no matter a person's age or position, "We can never stop learning."

Unhitched: More Americans Saying  I Don tunhitched: more americans saying  i don t
Congress Wants You to Be Able to Chide CompaniesEmail
You’re entitled to your opinion – just be prepared for possible legal consequences if you share it online.
A growing number of companies now have “non-disparagement clauses” in their contracts or terms of use.  They limit a customer’s right to comment on social media sites such as Yelp about the product or service they purchased – even if that comment or review is truthful and accurate.
A non-disparagement clause might look something like this:
Any disputes between the parties remain confidential. Customers shall not make or encourage others to make any public statement that is intended to, or reasonably could be foreseen to, embarrass or criticize the company or its employees, without obtaining prior written approval from the company.
“Non-disparagement clauses have the potential to create a profound chilling effect,” said Andy Sellars with the Harvard Law School’s Cyberlaw Clinic . “Their mere existence may scare consumers from writing a review in the first place.”
Matt Nighswander / NBC News
A growing number of companies are trying to limit customers' right to criticize them on social media. Congress would like to stop that.
The Consumer Review Freedom Act , introduced in Congress last week by two Democratic representatives from California, Rep. Eric Swalwell and Rep. Brad Sherman, would make it illegal for businesses to have non-disparagement clauses in their contacts that prohibit consumers from posting negative online reviews.
“No country that values free speech would allow customers to be penalized for writing an honest review,” Swalwell said in a statement.
The bill would empower the Federal Trade Commission and state authorities to take legal action against companies that have non-disparagement clauses in their contracts, a practice Rep. Sherman described as “sneaky” and “purely wrong.”
Just two weeks ago, California enacted a new law – believed to be the first of its kind in the nation – that will outlaw non-disparagement clauses. When it takes effect next year, companies that try to enforce such a provision will face a civil penalty – $2,500 for the first offense and $5,000 for each additional violation.
Why do we need legislation to protect free speech?
A hotel in Hudson, N.Y. received a great deal of unwanted publicity this summer when its no-negative-review policy for weddings was made public . The hotel told couples they’d be charged $500 for any negative comment posted by the wedding party or any guests about their stay at the inn.  As CNBC reported after the social media backlash, the owner issued a statement saying the policy was “intended as joke” and not something employees were told to enforce.
Ellen Zavian , a law professor at George Washington University, told NBC News this is not an isolated case.
“I’m seeing these types of clauses in more and more contracts – doctors, dentists, architects and software providers,” she said.
When Zavian went to see a new doctor, she found a non-disparagement clause in the paperwork she was asked to sign.
“It said I was not allowed to say anything, not even something positive, about my experience,” she recalled. “They refused to take it out and I refused to be seen. So, I walked out.”
Zavian, who teaches a course on entrepreneurship at GWU, advises her students that non-disparagement clauses are bad for businesses, because they can backfire and alienate customers.
The power of social media
Businesses are adding these clauses to their contracts because they understand the power of social media – and it scares them.
“A couple of vindictive customers can make things really bad for you,” said Bruce Wentworth, president of Wentworth, Inc., one of the premier homebuilders and remodelers in and around Washington, D.C.
Wentworth added a non-disparagement clause to his contracts after a client, who felt a bid was too high, posted “rude things” on a popular website. He tried to get it removed and couldn’t.
The customer ultimately took down the post and hired Wentworth’s firm, but the experience was enough to scare him.
“It was just really ugly to have someone do this,” he told NBC News. “Businesses are very wary about our reputations.”
Does anyone really try to enforce these non-disparagement clauses?
Yes, they do.
In 2008, John Palmer ordered Christmas gifts for his wife, Jen, from an online retailer called KlearGear. When the merchandise didn’t arrive, Jen started calling the company and found it impossible to reach anyone on the phone. She shared her frustration on the website Ripoff Report .
In 2012, more than four years later, KlearGear slapped the Palmers with a $3,500 fine for that negative review. The company cited its anti-disparagement clause which read, in part:
In an effort to ensure fair and honest public feedback, and to prevent the publishing of libelous content in any form, your acceptance of this sales contract prohibits you from taking any action that negatively impacts KlearGear.com, its reputation, products, services, management or employees. 
Earlier this year, Public Citizen, a non-profit consumer group, sued KlearGear on behalf of the Palmers. In May, a judge ruled the Palmers did not owe KlearGear anything based on its non-disparagement clause. After several attempts, NBC News was unable to reach anyone at the company for comment.
Scott Michelman, a staff attorney at Public Citizen , calls these clauses “a tool to bully, harass and threaten” people who question or criticize a company in any way and prevent them from sharing opinions that other people might find valuable.
Remember: companies don’t need anti-disparagement clauses to sue people who post false negative reviews or comments. They can already do that. The purpose of these clauses is to prevent customers from posting negative comments that are true.
Bradley Shear , a Maryland attorney who focuses on digital issues, sees this as major threat to freedom of speech that Congress needs to address. He hopes lawmakers will pass the Consumer Review Freedom Act.
“In this country, people have the right to tell others about their experiences, as long as they’re truthful, without fear of retribution,” Shear said. “If we don’t deal with this reprehensible practice right now, it’s going to spread.”
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter  or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Tags:

Have an idea  Just do it   says James DysonHave an idea? 'Just do it,' says James Dyson
Caption James Dyson
Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014
James Dyson speaks with Blue Sky reporter James Janega at the Dyson Headquarters in Chicago.
James Dyson speaks with Blue Sky reporter James Janega at the Dyson Headquarters in Chicago. (Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014)
Caption Engineers
Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014
One-third of Dyson employees are engineers and the average age is 26. Pictured is an area of the Dyson Headquarters in Chicago.
One-third of Dyson employees are engineers and the average age is 26. Pictured is an area of the Dyson Headquarters in Chicago. (Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014)
Caption James Dyson
Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014
Dyson vacuums are displayed behind James Dyson as he speaks with Blue Sky reporter James Janega.
Dyson vacuums are displayed behind James Dyson as he speaks with Blue Sky reporter James Janega. (Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014)
By James Janega , Blue Sky Reporter contact the reporter
Want innovation? Seek balance, advises British inventor James Dyson.
When it comes to innovation, experience can matter far less than a keen yearning for discovery, British vacuum maker and inventor James Dyson said.
One key to finding new products is to look at developments “outside your sphere” — a practice which also may help provide balance for intense entrepreneurs, Dyson said.
“It’s very easy to get imbalanced if you’re an inventor, working away in your lab every day, building prototype after prototype,” he said. “You can start to become mad.”
James Dyson, Dyson Ltd.
James Dyson, founder of Dyson Ltd., enjoys working with young engineers who want to learn and discover.
James Dyson, founder of Dyson Ltd., enjoys working with young engineers who want to learn and discover.
See more videos
At a company where one-third of employees are engineers and the average age is 26, innovation is “business as usual” for Dyson. Experience isn’t.
“They haven’t got experience,” Dyson said. “But they’re flexible, and wanting to learn, and wanting to discover, and that’s what I find fascinating about working with them.”
Dyson was in town last week to visit with engineers here and address the British vacuum maker’s board at its North American headquarters in Chicago.

2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop balances performance and personality2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop balances performance and personality
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer
Starting at about $24,000 but pushing $33,795 fully loaded, the 2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop is pricey but peerless in balancing performance and personality.
Starting at about $24,000 but pushing $33,795 fully loaded, the 2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop is pricey but peerless in balancing performance and personality. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer
The 2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop has a 2.0-Liter turbo 4-cylinder with a 6-speed rev-matching manual front wheel drive. It averages 25 mpg city, 38 mpg highway.
The 2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop has a 2.0-Liter turbo 4-cylinder with a 6-speed rev-matching manual front wheel drive. It averages 25 mpg city, 38 mpg highway. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer
The 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder in the S improves from 181 horsepower to 189 horsepower and from 177 pound-feet of torque to 207 that, at 1250 RPM, provides an ever ready thrust with the manual transmission.
The 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder in the S improves from 181 horsepower to 189 horsepower and from 177 pound-feet of torque to 207 that, at 1250 RPM, provides an ever ready thrust with the manual transmission. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer
The turbo whir of the S adds a hungry soundtrack that is everpresent but never overbearing, unlike the Fiat Abarth, which overcompensates for its shortcomings with too much sound.
The turbo whir of the S adds a hungry soundtrack that is everpresent but never overbearing, unlike the Fiat Abarth, which overcompensates for its shortcomings with too much sound. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer
2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop has a 2L turbo that brilliantly balances personality and performance.
2014 redesign of the Mini Cooper S Hardtop builds on quirky heritage with more mainstream design.
2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop tempts aggressive driving but its also a stylish ride about town.
The Mini Cooper Hardtop is a little bit more for 2014. After 12 years in America, the quirky compact hatch has grown into the American automotive landscape by gaining 4.5 inches in length and nearly two inches in width with the 2014 redesign. The “S”, or sport model, has added 100 pounds, yet is slightly more fuel efficient and packs more pound-feet of torque than its predecessor.
BMW-owned Mini has done a remarkable job of modernizing a trademark car whose design hasn’t needed much changing in its 55 years. BMW’s sporty imprints are all over the Hardtop, but the Cooper retains its British bulldog lineage. It’s rounder, sportier--generally less boxy--but the wide wheelbase with the snub nose and stub tail are quintessential Mini.  
In Europe the streets are teeming with compact hatchbacks, but on these shores they are largely under-appreciated. No car has done more to help Americans accept the hatchback than the Volkswagen Golf and its sporty variant the GTI. For 2015, VW is releasing the seventh generation of the Golf,... ( Kirk Bell, Special to the Chicago Tribune )
In the past few years, Mini has risked dampening the brand by introducing seven new or redesigned models, including the Convertible, the longer four-door Clubman, the taller Countryman sub-crossover, the two-seat Coupe, the sport Roadster, and the Paceman, which is essentially a longer Hardtop. BMW is in the midst of a product onslaught , and it propelled Mini to its best-selling year in 2013 and prompted competitors such as Fiat to follow suit.  
Compared to the Fiat 500, there’s a lot to love about the Mini Cooper Hardtop. The S in particular has a near perfect balance of performance and personality.
The 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder in the S improves from 181 horsepower to 189 horsepower and from 177 pound-feet of torque to 207 that, at 1250 RPM, provides an ever-ready thrust with the manual transmission.
8
The stick should not just be standard but mandated in a car that provides a full sensory experience. Illuminated with dark neon interior lights, opened to the sky with a panoramic sunroof, thrumming with turbo exhaust and studded with hard switches and a sensitive suspension, the Mini demands to be played with.
The manual also inspired urban chase fantasies of Matt Damon whipping that vintage Cooper around the byways of Paris in the “Bourne Identity.” We did no such thing, but this car is fun to drive, tucking into corners and exploding out of them.
Earlier in the year, Consumer Reports and other outlets reported that the gear knob popped off in hard driving, but ours stayed firmly in place. The six-speed manual seems telepathic, guiding you into gear with whatever force you want to put into it. The throws are short and the clutch pedal has a quick reflex, popping back out like it wants you on the gas.  
The turbo whir of the S adds a hungry soundtrack that is everpresent but never overbearing, unlike the Fiat Abarth , which overcompensates for its shortcomings with too much sound.
The fuel saving start/stop technology is strange in a manual because there’s one more pedal, so releasing the brake or pushing in the clutch restart the engine. It’s not bad or difficult, just different.
The powertrain offers three drive modes, with the Green setting decoupling the transmission from the engine at highway coasting speed, and the Sport setting tightening up the throttle response. A dial on the base of the gear stick makes for easy switching.
0
The Green setting makes a significant difference on highway fuel economy. We averaged 44.2 mpg at 51 mph in Green mode, and 37.4 mpg at 52 mph over the same 25-mile stretch in Mid mode. The EPA estimates fuel economy of 25 mpg city, 38 mpg highway. And it was remarkably quiet and smooth for a car this size.
The versatility is one of the delights of the Mini Cooper S: while tempted to tune up the fun and drive aggressively, the Mini is equally charming in cruising about town with the sunroof open.  
Our tester came in Volcanic Orange with black bonnet bands, giving the cute bulldog a bit more spunk. The firm buttons and switches on the center console and dash were fitting, although it’d be a tough sell on another car that wasn’t as tactilely tuned.  
The interior has the circular control designs of the Kia Soul but looks more natural to the Cooper. Window controls have been moved from the dash to the door panel, and the instrument cluster is more integrated than the previous generation: the speedometer is where it should be behind the wheel. In short, it looks more mainstream but that adds to its distinctiveness instead of taking away from it. The dash and cluster designs stand out without literally needing to stand out.  
Voice recognition works efficiently and the dial on the narrow center console, shared by BMW, works like you’d expect a BMW; intuitive, easy to use, with layers and layers of options for vehicle info to mapping. The dial can be pushed down, rotated, or used like a joystick, and on is surrounded by four menu buttons for quicker navigation of the awesome 8.8-inch screen.  There’s a learning curve to it, but acclimation is intuitive and welcome: It’s one of the best systems on the market, loaded with layers of info and customization that never overwhelms.
The visibility was limited by the rear headrests, which have a push-button flip down, though with a car of Mini’s sophistication it’s mildly disappointing you can’t flip down the headrests from the centerstack.
We know; sounds ridiculous to type, too.
A more legitimate criticism is the cumbersome seat levers. There are five levers, one by your outer hip for up and down, one up the back for tilt, one under the seat to slide forward and back, and a thigh rest extender, which slides out an inch to give the thighs more cushion. The last lever is in the back of the seat for rear seat occupants to pop all the seat and its settings forward. Getting in the back is tricky unless you reach the rear lever, getting out from the back is fine, but getting it back to the driver’s setting is a challenge.
The rear seats are legitimate, fitted with three cup holders, and while headroom is tight there was enough shoulder and knee room for the average adult. Kids fit just fine.
Our tester was fully loaded, with necessary delights like navigation, panoramic sunroof/moonroof and 16-inch wheels, but there was also the extraneous, such as the Head-Up Display. While the starting price of about $24,000 is a great value for a hot hatch, the fully-loaded price of $33,795 might make most buyers consider a complete jump from hot hatch to something more. But then it wouldn’t be a Mini, which is peerless in its balance of performance with personality.  
 
2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop at a glance
Compact hatch
6-speed rev-matching manual front wheel drive
25 mpg city, 38 mpg highway
Base: $23,600

2014 Mini Cooper S gallery2014 Mini Cooper S gallery
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer
Starting at about $24,000 but pushing $33,795 fully loaded, the 2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop is pricey but peerless in balancing performance and personality.
Starting at about $24,000 but pushing $33,795 fully loaded, the 2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop is pricey but peerless in balancing performance and personality. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer
The 2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop has a 2.0-Liter turbo 4-cylinder with a 6-speed rev-matching manual front wheel drive. It averages 25 mpg city, 38 mpg highway.
The 2014 Mini Cooper S Hardtop has a 2.0-Liter turbo 4-cylinder with a 6-speed rev-matching manual front wheel drive. It averages 25 mpg city, 38 mpg highway. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer
The 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder in the S improves from 181 horsepower to 189 horsepower and from 177 pound-feet of torque to 207 that, at 1250 RPM, provides an ever ready thrust with the manual transmission.
The 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder in the S improves from 181 horsepower to 189 horsepower and from 177 pound-feet of torque to 207 that, at 1250 RPM, provides an ever ready thrust with the manual transmission. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer
The turbo whir of the S adds a hungry soundtrack that is everpresent but never overbearing, unlike the Fiat Abarth, which overcompensates for its shortcomings with too much sound.
The turbo whir of the S adds a hungry soundtrack that is everpresent but never overbearing, unlike the Fiat Abarth, which overcompensates for its shortcomings with too much sound. (Robert Duffer)
Caption 2014 Mini Cooper Sport
Robert Duffer

Happy Meals: Why McDonald s is losing millennialsPhil Rosenthal
Happy Meals: Why McDonald's is losing millennials
Chicago Tribune columnist Phil Rosenthal talks about how his 8-year-old daughter helped him understand the reason behind McDonald's decreasing number of millennial customers.
Chicago Tribune columnist Phil Rosenthal talks about how his 8-year-old daughter helped him understand the reason behind McDonald's decreasing number of millennial customers.
Chicago Tribune columnist Phil Rosenthal talks about how his 8-year-old daughter helped him understand the reason behind McDonald's decreasing number of millennial customers.
This video is featured in these articles:

When your biggest obstacle is trusting yourselfWhen your biggest obstacle is trusting yourself
Zombie Run
Gilbert Carrasquillo / Getty Images
A general view of atmosphere at the Zombie Run U.S. 2013 Tour Kickoff in Philadelphia.
A general view of atmosphere at the Zombie Run U.S. 2013 Tour Kickoff in Philadelphia. (Gilbert Carrasquillo / Getty Images)
By Jennifer Alsever, Inc.com
'I decided to own up to my mistake and believe in myself and in what we had built.'
Human Movement Management founder Jeff Suffolk had a freak-out moment when he realized that his Louisville, Colo., company, launched in the spirit of fun, now had almost 100 employees. Putting on beer festivals, zombie adventure races, and other activities was a real business. But could he run it?
0
I started Human Movement in 2009 with a bunch of carpenters, beer drinkers, runners, hockey players and mountain bikers — people who loved spending their weekends having fun. We had  no official work hours ; we'd show up in yoga pants and board shorts, with our dogs in tow. Most afternoons, we poured beer from a kegerator and hashed out new ideas while reciting lines from The Big Lebowski.
By 2012, things had really taken off. At the same time, I became a father. Suddenly, I thought I had to become a parent-type figure and start wearing khakis and stop skateboarding to work. I started fake-interviewing myself every day with questions like, “What makes you the ideal candidate to be president of this company?” When I couldn't answer, I decided to find a real executive who could lead a  fast-growing business . I did just that, and I failed miserably. It was one of the biggest mistakes I ever made.
The new chief operating officer implemented policies about workday hours, email protocol, and reporting structure. The spirit of the company died almost instantaneously. He lasted just 60 days. When he left and I didn't replace him, I worried that people would think I was indecisive or that I lacked judgment. But I decided to own up to my mistake and believe in myself and in what we had built.
We embraced the part of our culture that breeds passion, creativity and imagination. I kept the air-hockey table as our conference table. We play home-run derby in a nearby field. People follow passion, not titles or protocol. But I have realized that parts of our business need more structure. People really want a clear chain of command, and they need systematic reports to handle what are really complex events that entail a lot of hard, detailed work. I also found I needed to convey my vision better and do it more often. Ultimately, I learned how to trust myself.
As told to Inc. contributing writer  Jennifer Alsever .

Mercedes launches power-packed C63 AMG compact sedanMercedes launches power-packed C63 AMG compact sedan
Caption 2015 Mercedes-AMG C63
Mercedes-Benz
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower.
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower. (Mercedes-Benz)
Caption 2015 Mercedes-AMG C63
Mercedes-Benz
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower.
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower. (Mercedes-Benz)
Caption 2015 Mercedes-AMG C63
Mercedes-Benz
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower.
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower. (Mercedes-Benz)
Caption 2015 Mercedes-AMG C63
Mercedes-Benz
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower.
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower. (Mercedes-Benz)
Caption 2015 Mercedes-AMG C63
Mercedes-Benz
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower.
The C63 and C63 S will have a 4.0 twin-turbocharged V-8 engine similar to the one in its new AMG GT sports car. In the base car it will make 469 horsepower and in the C63 S it will make 503 horsepower. (Mercedes-Benz)

Diversity discussion: Beyond just who s on staff  which roles are they in1
“If you look at diversity, it’s consciously working on bringing different types of people together but inclusion is taking the time to make sure all those people feel welcome,” Stickel said.
In companies where the culture gives preference to a certain type of person — straight, white males, for example — creating an inclusive atmosphere can be a challenge.
“I wonder, does the ubiquity of technology tend to flatten a lot of this experience so diversity becomes more normalized?” asked panelist Robyn Schwartz, a business technology strategist. She wondered whether the integration of technology into nearly all industries now allows companies to hire individuals with talent regardless of their location or genetic makeup. She wondered whether the distance offered by technology could “create a more forgiving environment” by making diversity less blatant than hiring a token minority.
The panel suggested diversity is not so simple as gender or race. Ray Villares, managing director at Havas Worldwide, said he struggled in a former job as a creative and a gay male at a management consultancy. Now, at Havas Worldwide, he works with many more women and said he learns from them but sees issues with where they end up in the integrated marketing communications agency.
“Let’s say there’s more diversity, but are we still casting people into pre-determined roles?” Villares asked. He said he often sees women pushed into project management roles because they’re perceived to be good at mentoring, negotiating and communicating. Men, on the other hand, are more likely to end up in the CFO role because they’re expected to be better in tough conversations, he said.
There may be more women working at tech companies now than ever, Schwartz said, because so many more companies are enabled by technology. A former fine arts student, Schwartz said working in technology is not limited to being a coder.
Kramer said many of the women she has worked with are more interested in being analysts than coders. STEM education, she said, is key to exposing young people to the opportunities in those fields. Not every person is suited to a technical role, she said, but those who want to pursue one should be able to.
“Are there women who want those roles who are being denied those roles because they’re women?” Kramer asked. “We have to make sure that no matter what the gender, no matter what the economic status is that everybody is educated on technology.”
Just getting women into technology roles is only part of the challenge, said Mandy Lewis, VP of client services at digital marketing consultancy Symbiont Group.
“It’s less about whether women choose to be in technology or not, it’s about whether they’re being denied the opportunity for leadership roles,” Lewis said.
Mentorship, often praised as a way to help women rise, is no longer enough, said Sarah Isaacs, COO of security solutions firm Coventus Corp. She pointed to programs such as Europe 2020 , a strategy for building smart, sustainable and inclusive countries, and Women 2020 , a response to that action plan, as something to learn from.
“Women 2020 is guided by the belief that any society that does not proactively promote 50 percent of its population as designers, builders and executors of this plan is not and really cannot be thought of as smart, sustainable or inclusive,” Isaacs said.

What parody  prank and other common defenses for dumb Internet stunts actually meanBy Caitlin Dewey September 24 Follow @caitlindewey
Pilloried for a viral video in which he appeared to grab random girls’ butts, and seeking any desperate, perfunctory excuse for his behavior, the YouTube star Sam Pepper resorted to a familiar line:
Guys, it’s okay that I sexually assaulted random women on the street! I didn’t mean it. It was — the key word — a prank.
Pepper has since claimed the whole video was scripted and staged — for what purpose, we’ll never know. But his insistence that the video was “a prank” and a “social experiment” still stings. Those words, much like parody and satire before them, have become the favored, debate-ending defenses for even the most indefensible Internet filth. They’re the reliable, get-out-of-jail-free cards for a range of offenses and indiscretions: misogynistic music videos, misleading memes, every fake news site that has ever plagued the News Feed with invented tales of celebrity deaths or other woes.
It’s a killer excuse, as far as such things go. No one can successfully argue against humor. If you try, you just don’t get the joke.
Except … half the things defended as parody (or prank, or satire) don’t quite merit the term. Sure, language is fluid, words are a construct, etc. etc., but terms such as “satire” and “prank” actually have pretty inflexible meanings. By misconstruing them, people like Pepper aren’t just trying to justify bad behavior – they’re also defiling entire genres. Here’s a brief attempt to fight back.
Prank (n): a practical joke or mischievous act
No one’s quite sure where the word “prank” came from, but in its earliest uses, it referred to “a ludicrous trick” — something self-evidently laughable, such as mysteriously fake phone calls placed to unknown numbers, or animals let loose in stupid places. In his classic 1953 masterwork on the subject, H. Allen Smith makes it pretty clear that pranks can be mean or immoral — they can be cruel, even. They should almost always cause embarrassment for someone involved.
But embarrassment — embarrassment, full-stop — is the critical, golden standard of the prank. There’s no room in its definition for straight-up assault. And while humor is certainly in the eye of the beholder, we’ve historically drawn lines between jokes and misdemeanors. (That line is actually pretty clear! It’s called the law.)
Prank: Calling a random number and tearfully demanding to know why the person on the other end “hung up.”
Not a prank: Sexually assaulting strangers for YouTube hits.
Parody (n): an imitation of the style of a particular writer, artist, or genre with deliberate exaggeration for comic effect.
Satire (n): the use of humor, irony, exaggeration, or ridicule to expose and criticize people’s stupidity or vices, particularly in the context of contemporary politics and other topical issues.
Parody and satire are specific types of commentary, which is why you may remember studying them in school. Both are fictional. Both are funny — although not always in the “lol” sense. And both, most importantly, editorialize on an issue or subject; without the editorializing, there can be no satire. Satire without a subject is just bad fiction.
Alas, having avoided the rigors of ninth-grade English, the proprietors of several terrible fake news sites frequently defend their rumor-mongering as “satire” or “parody.” But unless this fake story on fake winter weather is making some nuanced commentary on the meteorological industry that I’m just not aware of, it clearly fails criteria no. 3. It’s fake, sure, and it’s funny (maybe?), but it doesn’t expose corruption or stupidity or hypocrisy — and satire needs to do one of those things. If it doesn’t, it’s just fiction — poorly written, ungrammatical, thoroughly annoying fiction.
Not satire: “Jasmine Tridevil, the woman who claims to have three breasts, found dead this morning”
Social experiment (n.): one or more treatments or programs, representing intervention into normal social processes, that are administered to some set of persons drawn at random from a specified population.
Unless you are a sociologist, student or other type of academia-minded researcher, every use of the phrase “social experiment” you have ever heard/uttered is, in all likelihood, wrong. Why? Because a social experiment, as the above definition might suggest, is a highly specific, technical term. To have a social experiment, you must have experiment and control groups. You must have metrics and measurements and margins of error. You must have researchers, in other words — the official kind, in lab coats. Without the lab coats, your absurd Youtube video/Instagram feed/Web site is just a stunt. And stunt admittedly doesn’t sound as good as “social experiment.”
Social experiment: Many things in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology
Not social experiment: The “Today” show’s recent attempt to determine  whether people will help a lost kid, and every reality show ever.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Competitors Poke Fun at Apple Over iPhone 6 #Bendgatecompetitors poke fun at apple over iphone 6 #bendgate
Bright Idea: A Light Bulb That s Smarter Than Youbright idea: a light bulb that s smarter than you
BANNED BOOKS WEEK: No Bone or Neverwhere Heres why we cant afford to shelve the debateBy Michael Cavna September 24 Follow @comicriffs
EDITOR’S NOTE: Last winter, Comic Riffs wrote an essay ( “The Trial Balloon” ) on educators tapping the power of graphic novels — a report that was partly inspired by the banning of certain comics in schools. So Comic Riffs especially applauds that this year, the American Library Association and other groups are putting a special focus on graphic novels for the current Banned Books Week.
– M.C.
 
Art by “Bone” creator Jeff Smith , who is on the board of the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund. (courtesy of CBLDF)
 
“Violence.”
“Unsuited to age group.”
Given all the formal complaints that Captain Underpants rates these days, you’d think that were the name of a character in “Fifty Shades of Grey.”
Instead, Dav Pilkey’s illustrated young-reader series by that title tops the list of most frequently challenged books in 2013, as reported by the American Library Association’s Office for Intellectual Freedom.
There we are, “right alongside ‘Fifty Shades of Grey,’ ” says Jeff Smith with a laugh, about his work and Pilkey’s. His wildly popular graphic-novel epic, “Bone,” cracked last year’s ALA list at No. 10 — over complaints that rang as widely far-fetched, Smith tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
Which is why Banned Books Week , running through Saturday, is such a welcome campaign. The effort is an annual call to arms and brains among the authors and educators, publishers and booksellers — with a stated emphasis this year on graphic novels and other comics. These seven days to spotlight challenges to book access help spark healthy dialogue and illuminate the state of America’s public shelves.
“Banned Books Week is about entering the conversation the right way,” Smith ( “RASL,” “Tuki” ), who headlined the Library of Congress/National Book Festival’s Graphic Novel Night last month, tells Comic Riffs.
In terms of challenged books, ” ‘Bone’ is discussed alongside ‘(The Adventures of) Huckleberry Finn’ and Kurt Vonnegut — all my heroes,” continues Smith, whose Eisner-winning fantasy-adventure work “Bone” has been challenged or pulled from school shelves in such states as Minnesota and Texas. (Twain and Toni Morrison, Steinbeck and J.D. Salinger have all made the ALA’s “most challenged” list in years past.)
“I love that ‘Bone’ is on the list,” says comics scholar and cartoonist Scott McCloud ( “Understanding Comics,” the forthcoming “The Sculptor” ), noting that it can reflect the respect with which such organizations as ALA treat graphic novels.
“The biggest boon that Banned Books Week provides is the discussion that is had with honesty and awareness,” Neil Gaiman ( “Sandman,” “The Graveyard Book” ), the Newbery- and Carnegie Medal-winning author, tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
“I get tired of when people say that no books are banned just because” you can get it elsewhere, continues Gaiman, whose “Neverwhere” was recently challenged in New Mexico schools. “Say you’re a kid in a school district [that banned a book] and there’s not a local Barnes & Noble and you don’t have 20 or 50 bucks in disposable income. …
“That book is gone. It was there and now it’s not. The fact you can buy it on Amazon doesn’t make that any less bad.”
“It’s hard to believe that books are still being banned in 2014, but unfortunately they are, and the pace is not relenting,” Charles Brownstein, executive director of the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund, tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
Brownstein, who will speak tonight in Berkeley, Calif., as part of a tour of CBLDF events tied to Banned Books Week, highlights the change concerning visual narratives.
“Comics and graphic novels are seeing an increasing amount of challenges,” says Brownstein, whose Bay Area talk tonight will be titled “Censorship and Comics in America.” Besides such young-reader favorites as “Captain Underpants” and “Bone,” he notes that Marjane Satrapi’s brilliant “Persepolis” was “the target of an attempted ban in the Chicago public schools.” And that “Fun Home,” the graphic memoir by newly minted MacArthur “genius” grant recipient Alison Bechdel, was “the target of a university funding challenge in South Carolina, where it was assigned as a voluntary reading lesson for incoming freshmen.”
[ALISON BECHDEL: With MacArthur grant, graphic memoirist 'thrilled' to break more ground ]
So for Banned Books Week,” Brownstein says, “This year’s focus on comics and graphic novels shines a national spotlight on the steady increase of challenges to comics.” But that prompts the question: Why are comics so frequently challenged in schools and “attacked,” as some say, by cultural critics?
“They’re uniquely vulnerable to challenges because of the medium’s visual nature and because comics still carry a stigma of being low-value speech,” Brownstein says. “Some challenges are brought against comics because a single page or panel can be taken out of context, while others come under attack because of the mistaken notion that all comics are for children.”
1 of 14

TV shows that thrived despite criticismBill Cosby
TV shows that thrived despite criticism
Some television shows have become popular even though critics disliked them. Here are some top shows on CBS overlooked by reviews but loved by audiences.
Sources: Metacritic, Nielsen, CBS. The Washington Post. Published on September 24, 2014, 8:49 p.m.
More Graphics
Read what others are saying
SuperFan Badge
This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.
Post Forum Badge
More about badges | Request a badge
Post Contributor Badge
This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.
Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.
You must be logged in to report a comment.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

CCI Order Clears Road for Generic Car Parts MarketManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: Thousands of tiny shops in India's biggest auto components market do brisk business selling a bewildering array of spare parts for about a third of the official price charged by the likes of Toyota Motor Co or Volkswagen AG.
Generic parts sold by traders in places like Old Delhi's Kashmere Gate market account for about a sixth of the country's $6.6 billion after-sales components sector, IHS Automotive estimates, but a recent move by regulators could boost that share.
Just as India has become a global hub for the manufacture of cheaper copycat medicines, the Competition Commission's ruling last month requiring carmakers to supply parts more widely could encourage the production and sale of non-certified generic components in the world's sixth largest auto market.
"We have the ability to make good quality products, we have our techniques and this is our chance to prove it," said trader Umesh Seth, sitting in a poky store where hundreds of sheet metal parts wrapped in transparent plastic are piled on racks. "It is about time we get an equal opportunity."
Fair trade regulator CCI's ruling has irked auto majors, who argue that a proliferation of cheap copycat components will undermine the safety and reputation of their brands.
In developed markets such as Europe or North America, sundry spares like oil filters, spark plugs or shock absorbers are available from a variety of suppliers, keeping competition keen.
But in markets such as China and India, global carmakers have maintained tighter control over the supply and price of spares, selling them through a limited network of vendors.
While car makers and their authorised dealers cite safety as the main reason, this practice has also allowed them to protect hefty margins on parts and repairs, while inflating the cost of car ownership for consumers.
Regulators are now ending all that and the crackdown in India follows a wider, ongoing probe in China where some part makers are being investigated for colluding to keep prices high.
"I would like it if there is competition for the car companies," said Nirav Savla, a 29-year-old businessman from Mumbai who drives a Toyota Innova. "For small parts, I do not need to go to them."
Safety hazard
In the Kashmere Gate market, a maze of lanes and alleyways lined with men loading handcarts with spares tightly packed in sacks, a generic set of headlights for Hyundai Motor Co's Santro hatchback costs Rs 1,500 ($24.65), less than half the price of the manufacturers' original.
"There are all kinds of customers and we have something for every pocket," said a maker of generic bearings used in commercial vehicles. "They are smart enough to know which local parts are good quality and which ones are not."
Some carmakers argue that generic parts are often made with inferior quality materials, undermining performance and making them potentially hazardous, and there is need for safety standards for generics in the after-market before it is opened.
"Blindly following the West in one aspect without plugging the other gaps is not the solution," said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice president sales and marketing at Honda Motor Co's Indian unit, one of 14 carmakers fined a total of $420 million.
Besides the penalty in August, the anti-trust regulator also directed car makers - including Honda, Ford Motor Co, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd and Tata Motors Ltd - to start providing spare parts more widely.
Some of the companies have decided to challenge the order.
"Today you either have counterfeit parts or you have sub-standard parts," Mr Sen said. "We are not against competition but customer safety also cannot be ignored."
The auto makers say conditions in the Indian market cannot be compared with mature markets such as the European Union, where tighter regulation promotes both competition and safety.
Michael Mayer, director of passenger cars at Volkswagen India Pvt Ltd, said he expected the Indian market "will now go through a development phase".
"If we put the cart before the horse we will be seriously compromising on safety," Vikram Kirloskar, vice chairman of Toyota Kirloskar, the Japanese auto maker's local unit, told an industry conference this month.
Authorised parts makers like Bosch Ltd and SKF India Ltd that supply auto makers agree that safety regulation is key.
"It is always a question of trust in the automotive after-market and if it does not have guidelines you do not know what you are measuring against," said Guenter Weber, regional president, automotive after-market at Bosch.
The prize is large. India's overall auto components market - including certified makers who supply direct to manufacturers - is worth $35 billion annually and estimated to more than double by 2020 to $85 billion.
Generic parts are typically supplied by local companies making copies of the original, or imported from countries such China and Taiwan. Some certified component makers who supply to car makers also sell in the after-sales market.
According to traders, some certified suppliers circumvent restrictive agreements with car makers that do not allow them to sell in the after-market by re-packaging the same products as generic.
Good revenue source
Car ownership in India almost doubled to about 25 million by end-2013 from five years earlier, and the country is set to be the world's third-largest car market by 2018, IHS estimates.
In India, people tend to own cars for longer periods compared with other markets and poor road conditions mean higher maintenance costs, Puneet Gupta, senior analyst at IHS says.
Buyers who have stretched themselves financially to purchase a car often struggle with maintenance costs.
Spare parts and repairs are a good revenue source for car makers, contributing about 10-20 per cent of the total, analyst estimates show. The anti-trust watchdog found prices of some spares had been inflated by as much as 3,000 per cent above cost.
The high price of spares and services partly compensate for the salesroom discounts that companies have been forced to offer in recent years due to cooling demand.
Mr Seth, who is also a spokesman for a trade body that represents 5,000 sellers and suppliers in the Kashmere Gate market, says that while repairs are best left to experts as cars become more complex, for parts customers should have a choice between the original and generic.
"Both can sustain and survive in co-existence," he said.
($1 = 60.78 rupees)

SpiceJet Offers 50% Discount in Holiday SaleYou are here: Home Corporates
SpiceJet Offers 50% Discount in Holiday Sale
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 17:24 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Budget carrier SpiceJet is offering 50 per cent discount on domestic flights as part of a Holiday Season Sale scheme.
The bookings for this SpiceJet offer will remain open till September 27, 2014 (inclusive). This offer is valid on travel between October 28 to December 15, 2014 and January 15 and March 31, 2015.
SpiceJet has been one of the most aggressive players in offering promotional schemes, announcing more than a dozen offers this year.
Meanwhile, Jet Airways has launched a promotional offer on the routes operated by budget carrier AirAsia India. Jet Airways is offering fares as low as Rs 908 (all-inclusive) as part of this promotional scheme, which is applicable on economy class tickets.
This Jet Airways offer can be availed by booking before October 5 and is valid on travel after January 15, 2015.
Budget carrier AirAsia India had recently launched a promotional scheme, offering fares as low as Rs 690 as part of a promotional sale. The booking period for this AsiaAsia offer will remain open till October 5, 2014. This offer is applicable on travel between January 15, 2015 and June 30, 2015.
AirAsia India from September 5 added Jaipur and Chandigarh to its network as part of its first foray into north India.
Airlines in India this year have come up with many promotional schemes to attract flyers. Low-priced air tickets offered by various Indian airlines seem to have had an effect, with the number of passengers flown by them in August growing by over 8.3 per cent compared to July this year, official data showed. The latest figures showed the number of domestic passengers carried by the airlines grew from 52.60 lakh in July to 56.97 lakh in August. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 17:24 (IST)

Heirs of Super Rich Interested in Being Global CitizensManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: Even though most high net worth individuals (HNWIs) have never lived abroad, their heirs seem interested in doing so and becoming global citizens, according to a Barclays study released here today.
The report also revealed that just five per cent of wealthy individuals in India plan to travel to a different country in the next five years, compared to 47 per cent in China, 36 per cent in Qatar and 34 per cent in Latin America.
"Merely five per cent of wealthy individuals in India plan to travel to a different country in the next five years, compared to 47 per cent in China, 36 per cent in Qatar and 34 per cent in Latin America," Barclays' director and head of wealth advisory, Adrish Ghosh told PTI.
While 98 per cent of Indian high net worth individuals (HNWIs) have never lived in another country, their offspring aspire to be true global citizens, according to Barclays Wealth Insights report.
The report is based on a global survey of more than 2,000 HNWIs globally, as well as 100 HNWIs living across the country, comprising entrepreneurs, business leaders and investors.
The vast majority (91 per cent) of the country's HNWIs believe that their children would live in more countries than they have, as globalisation and advances in technology have begun to lead to increased mobility among the world's wealthy individuals.
The main reasons HNWIs in the country are keen to stay on in the country include having a good work-life balance (75 per cent cited this factor) and economic opportunity (51 per cent), he said.
Signalling burgeoning entrepreneurial environment in India, 47 per cent of the country's HNWIs said that the primary reason for living in India is to start their own business, he said.
Just under a third (29 per cent) of wealthy entrepreneurs consider relocation within the next five years, compared to 15 per cent of global HNWIs, the report said.
For entrepreneurs currently planning a move, 41 per cent are looking at moving for economic opportunities, 29 per cent would do so to start a new business, while 27 per cent would move to pursue an international career, showing that high net worth business owners are increasingly looking at new markets for growth, the report said.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 22:04 (IST)

Andhra Bank Has Rs. 4 346 Cr Exposure to Firms Affected by Coal RulingYou are here: Home Corporates
Andhra Bank Says Has Rs 4,346 Crore Exposure to Firms Affected by Coal Ruling
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 14:28 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai:
State-run Andhra Bank has a loan exposure of Rs 4,346 crore to companies that have been ordered by the Supreme Court to return coal blocks, its chairman said on Thursday.
Andhra Bank's total exposure to steel and power companies is between Rs 12,000 crore and Rs 13,000 crore, C.V.R. Rajendran told Reuters.
Andhra Bank shares were down over 6 per cent by 1:12 p.m., extending Wednesday's 4 per cent fall after the Supreme Court verdict. Lenders have been hit by worries that the verdict scrapping coal allocations over two decades could lead to a rise in bad loans.
"This is an industry-wide problem," Rajendran said in a phone interview, adding an early reallocation of the coal blocks could help lower the impact on the companies and the lenders.
"If it happens at the earliest, it should not have a major impact."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Ask Kim: How do I switch Medicare Advantage plans1
If you switch to a plan with a five-star quality rating, you don't have to wait until Medicare open enrollment (which runs from October 15 to December 7 for 2015 coverage). Seniors who participate in Medicare Advantage can sign up for a five-star plan anytime during the year. But there is a catch: Only 14 Medicare Advantage plans scattered across 14 states and the District of Columbia met the five-star criteria in 2014. Besides Washington, D.C., they include California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Texas, Oregon, Virginia, Washington State and Wisconsin. You can search for plans in your area by using the Medicare Plan Finder ( http://www.medicare.gov/find-a-plan ). The five-star plans are designated with a special icon.
Five-star plans receive top quality ratings based on customer service, number of complaints, member satisfaction, help managing chronic conditions, and coverage for screenings, tests and vaccines. But that doesn't mean that a five-star plan is necessarily best for you, even if you have access to one. Four-star plans have above-average quality ratings, too.
If you do choose to wait for open enrollment, shop for Medicare Advantage plans by going to the Medicare Plan Finder and calculate how much you'd pay for premiums plus out-of-pocket expenses for the drugs and the kind of health care you typically use. Also compare each plan's maximum out-of-pocket costs (the most you have to pay for covered expenses for the year). It's particularly important this year to find out whether the doctors and other providers you typically use are covered; some plans dropped providers in the middle of the year.
For more information about choosing a plan during open enrollment, see "Shopping for a Medicare Advantage Plan" (kiplinger.com/article/insurance/T039-C001-S003-shopping-for-a-medicare-advantage-plan.html).
(Kimberly Lankford is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Air France halts budget airline expansion© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/99c195dc-448a-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Don t go long when short-term trend can changeYou are here: Home > Collections
Don't go long in a scenario where short-term trend could change: Sandeep Wagle, Power My Wealth
ET Now Sep 25, 2014, 03.13PM IST
Tags:
Power My Wealth
In a chat with ET Now, Sandeep Wagle , Founder & CEO of Power My Wealth , shares his views on the market. Excerpts:
ET Now: What is your own sense of the index fall right now? We are closing up the series below the 8000 mark. What does that mean for the start of the October series?
Sandeep Wagle: I am not very comfortable long positions as a trader. As an investor, maybe I would think of 100-150 points down that. I would agree that we are in a bull market though and we will not see too much of a fall. This fall could be another 150-200 points, where the markets will probably bottom out.
But I am watching 7930 very closely, which is where we are currently. In case that is taken out and we close 30-40 points lower than that, we can go down all the way to 7700, which is a deep cut for a trader. I would refrain from going long in such a scenario.
You will get pullbacks which I would use to go short for the next day or two and talk more of stock specific action, but there is no question of going long because the short-term trend is about to change. I would definitely advice exiting all longs if one is carrying on as a trader because I am seeing 180 to 200 point cut in the next few trading sessions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ill-timed death causes tax liability stumper for estate0
Can you explain the tax law here? We'd obviously like to avoid paying additional taxes, especially when there should be no estate tax below $5.34 million.
Please help us figure this out. Mom would be so upset to know she caused this problem as she was so organized and watch her money closely. Thank you.
A: We consulted two Atlanta-based tax specialists, Bill Nemeth and Chet Burgess, both of whom are enrolled agents, are licensed to represent taxpayers before the IRS, and own companies that help businesses and individuals meet their tax obligations.
The good news, which we'll get to at the end, is you probably won't owe anything. But let's walk through Nemeth's and Burgess' logic.
The $250,000 Section 121 exclusion is applied to the gain (or profit) of the sale of the home, not on the sale price. The home sold for $450,000 and the net proceeds were $418,500, after the costs of sale.
The question is how much did the mother-in-law pay for the home originally? The tax basis of the home is the cost of purchase plus the cost of capital improvements (including things like replacing the roof, replacing the HVAC system, replacing major appliances and costs of any home expansions or major renovations over the years, but not the cost of decorating), plus the costs of sale.
Here's another way to think about it: The gain (or profit) on a piece of real estate equals the sales price minus the selling expenses minus the cost of the home.
If the tax basis adds up to more than $168,500 combined, any gain on the sale would be excluded by virtue of the section 121 exclusion, writes Nemeth.
But Nemeth points out that there's another factor to be considered. If the mother-in-law and father-in-law purchased the home for $150,000 long ago and it was worth $250,000 when Dad passed, Mom's basis would be $75,000 (half the original purchase price) plus $125,000 (1/2 of the step-up in basis when dad died) or $200,000.
Chet Burgess concurs with Nemeth's analysis. "If the party to the sale was the mother through someone holding her power of attorney (rather than the estate) and the sale closed while she was still alive, the sale will be treated for tax purposes as having been made by the mother," writes Burgess.
Nemeth and Burgess agree that when you add all of the capital improvements made to the property over the years to the initial purchase price, and then subtract the costs of sale, the basis may be high enough that there is little or no taxable gain after claiming the Section 121 exclusion amount of $250,000.
For more details, please consult with an accountant or enrolled agent who has had plenty of experience in working with real estate inside an estate.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Multiple offers tell truth about the value of house0
Given that, do you have any thoughts on why buyers (and their agents) are so cavalier about the property being on the river? Or do we just need to be more patient and wait for an informed buyer?
A: We can't know for sure why buyers in your area will only offer around $415,000 to $425,000 for a home you believe is worth $450,000, but we know that if you're getting plenty of traffic and buyers consistently offering around the same amount, the market is trying to tell you something -- and usually knows best.
While an appraisal is a good thing to have and we appreciate that the appraiser believes the home is worth more on the water than not, the market is telling you otherwise. It may be that the condition of the kitchen and the condition of the bathrooms outweighs the benefit of the home's location. We don't know. What we do know is that you seem to have quite a number of buyers willing to come to your home, like it and then put in a bid to buy it.
We also know that you shouldn't focus on one particular element of your home to determine its value. Buyers are increasingly savvy and can get quite a bit information on values from the Internet. You might want to look online and compare your home with others in your area.
We appreciate that you have taken care of putting the house in great shape for sale and we don't recommend that you put more money into the home. If you were to spend big bucks upgrading the kitchen and bathrooms, you'd have to live through the construction and you might not get all the dollars you put into the home back.
The money you spent painting, cleaning and decluttering are probably why you get buyers willing to put a bid in. You should know that your potential buyers aren't low-balling you. They are offering you about 6 percent below your list price of $450,000. That's not too bad. Our view is that the longer your home sits on the market, the harder it might be to sell it.
If you need to sell now, then make the most of the activity you have and start to negotiate with some of these offers to get them closer to $425,000 to $435,000, rather than wait for an offer at $450,000 that you're just going to accept outright.
Having said that, if you know or have a good feeling that prices will be quite a bit higher next year than now, you could wait and put the home on the market in the spring. We caution you that you could end up in the same place after you subtract the cost of carrying the property over the next six months to a year. And if market conditions change, and interest rates rise, there could be fewer buyers looking next year and you might find yourself looking at lower bids for your home.
You really have to determine how anxious you are to sell your home and move on. While some sellers are getting more than their list price for their homes, many are getting offers well below the prices they paid for them and can't sell -- or if they do sell, they have to do a short sale.
Our sense is that you're the one who is unrealistic -- not your buyers. The old saying, "The first offer is the best offer," applies here, we suspect.
Good luck.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

What the 60-plus members of the anti-Islamic State coalition are doingBy Sebastian Payne September 25 Follow @SebastianEPayne
Speaking to the United Nations General Assembly, President Obama outlined steps world leaders should take to stamp out violent extremists such as the Islamic State militants. He also criticized Russia for its conflict with Ukraine. (AP)
The United States-led coalition to fight the Islamic State militant group continues to grow, with numerous nations providing varying levels of backing in the form of military equipment, aid and political support. It is unclear, however, what exactly constitutes being a member of this coalition and how many nations have signed up.
In his speech to the United Nations on Wednesday morning, President Obama said, “Already, over 40 nations have offered to join this coalition.”
But on Tuesday, Secretary of State John Kerry said more than 50 nations have agreed to join the coalition. And in a document released by the State Department on Tuesday, 62 nations (including the European Union and the Arab League) are listed as providing support to the U.S.-led coalition.
The strongest allies in the coalition are those providing air support to the United States, while others are offering delivery services and some are providing humanitarian aid.
These are the allies listed by the State Department as aiding the “international effort to counter ISIL, support the people of Iraq and Syria, and mitigate the Humanitarian consequences of the conflict in Iraq and Syria”:
Allies providing air support, and military equipment
Iraq: Location of the fighting. Authorized France to use Iraqi air space and has welcomed the support from Obama and other members of the coalition in their fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government requested military airstrikes from the United States to help combat the Islamic State.
Jordan: Destroyed a number of Islamic State targets through air strikes in Syria. Jordan has also worked to cut off funding to extremist and terrorist organizations.
Bahrain: Carried out air strikes against the Islamic State in Syria in tandem with allies.
Saudi Arabia: Participated in air strikes in Syria. Saudi Arabia has frequently condemned the Islamic State and has donated $100 million to the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Center and $500 million in humanitarian assistance.
United Arab Emirates: Participated in air strikes in Syria. The UAE has joined together with other Gulf nations to condemn the Islamic State and offer support to the coalition.
France: Bombed a warehouse occupied by the Islamic State in Iraq last week. One of the United States’ key allies in the air, the French Air Force has also carried out recon flights over Iraq and has vowed to take part in future airstrikes “if needed.” To date, France has sent 59 tons of humanitarian cargo to Irbil with further deliveries due soon. The French have insisted the group should not be referred to as the “Islamic State.”
The French military released cockpit video of Rafale jets participating in their first air strikes in Iraq as part of the country's promise to join military action against the Islamic State. (Reuters)
Germany: Has sent 40 paratroopers to Iraq to provide weapons training to Kurdish fighters. Germany is also sending 16,000 assault rifles, hundreds of anti-tank weapons and armored vehicles. Some Kurdish fighters are also being trained in South Germany. They will provide enough weapons to arm 4,000 Kurdish soldiers as well as 36 tons of humanitarian aid.
Germany sent on Thursday its first arms shipment to northern Iraq to help Kurdish Peshmergas and Iraqi soldiers fight Islamic State militants who have taken over swathes of Iraq. (Reuters)
Canada: Has deployed “several dozen members” of the Canadian Armed Forces to Iraq. The Canadian Air Force also provided airlift support to Albania last week, delivering 503,000 pounds of military supplies to Iraq. Canada has sent $15 million to support security measures in the region — including $10 million of “non-lethal” assistance and $5 million of humanitarian aid.
United Kingdom: Supplied arms to the Kurds and a Royal Air Force squadron has contributed to surveillance operations. Gifted $1.6 million of weapons and ammunition. Prime Minister David Cameron has not ruled out contributing to U.S.-led airstrikes in the future. Some $38 million has been committed to aid.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said on Wednesday he was recalling parliament to debate Britain's response to a request from Iraqi government to support airstrikes to thwart Islamic State extremists. (AP)
Australia: Has agreed to deploy a “military force to the region” and will play a part in U.S.-led airstrikes. Australian Special Forces are advising Iraqi forces. Provided $5 million in humanitarian aid to Iraq as well as aircraft, early warning systems and military stores. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has backed Obama’s position, describing the Islamic State as a “death cult.”
Italy: Sent $2.5 million of weaponry, including machine guns, rocket-propelled grenades and a million rounds of ammunition, as well as humanitarian aid. Italy has no plans at present to take part in airstrikes but has offered to aid in the refueling of planes instead.
Czech Republic: Provided fighter jets and 500 tons of ammunition to the Iraqi army, delivered by the Canadian Air Force. Also contributed $1.5 million in humanitarian aid to victims of the Syrian conflict.
Albania: Provided weapons and ammunition to Kurdish forces, with the first shipment sent on Sunday. Earlier this month, Albania said it would provide up to 22 million rifle rounds, 32,000 artillery shells to Kurdish forces as well as 10,000 automatic rifles to Afghanistan.
Netherlands: Provided 1,000 helmets and 1,000 bulletproof vests for Kurdish forces, as well as $10 million in humanitarian aid. The government said Wednesday that it would send six F-16 fighter jets to strike the Islamic State in Iraq.
Estonia: Provided a million machine gun cartridges and a Hercules transport aircraft as well as $90,000 to support displaced Iraqis.
Hungary: Provided 7 million cartridges and “thousands” of mines and armor-piercing shells. Hungary has sent a $90,000 aid package to Christians in Irbil.
Turkey: President Tayyip Erdogan has said he will “give the necessary support to the operation. The support could be military or logistics.” Moe than 100 trucks of humanitarian aid has been sent to Turkmen in Northern Iraq since June, totaling $1.9 million so far. Turkey has also funded the construction of a camp for 20,000 Iraqi Turkmen.
Belgium: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has said “we are positively inclined to contribute” and “we have the military capacity to do so. Belgium does have an interest to contribute.” Belgium has sent 13 tons of aid to Iraq.
Denmark: Provided a transport aircraft to support the international efforts.
Lebanon: The state will not send troops or weapons but will “receive military help to fight the organization through the Army” according to its foreign minister.
Allies providing humanitarian aid
Sweden: Donated $13 million of aid to Iraq in 2014 to date.
Kuwait: Donated $9.5 million to the United Nations for aid in Iraq.
Switzerland: Donated $9 million in aid to Iraq in 2014 so far.
Japan: Granted $6 million in emergency aid to help displaced people in Northern Iraq.
Austria: Provided $1.3 million in emergency aid to Iraq.
New Zealand: Donated $1 million in humanitarian aid.
Republic of Korea: Provided$1 million in humanitarian aid to help displaced persons in Iraq.
Ireland: Provided $300,000 to UNICEF, a further $300,000 to the Red Cross and $850,000 this year to Iraq in the form of aid.
Spain: Supported United Nations Human Rights Council resolution and donated $640,000 in humanitarian aid.
Slovakia: Donated $25,000 to assist soldiers in the Kurdish region of Iraq.
Norway: Contributed to the most recent UNESCO aid drop, including 40,000 blankets, 10,000 kitchen sets and 18,000 plastic tarpaulins.
Luxembourg: Supported United Nations Resolution 2170 and will step up humanitarian assistance for the Iraqi people. Contributed to aid deliveries from the United Nations.
Qatar: Passed a new law to stop charities diverting money towards the Islamic State. Sent six aircraft carrying 300 tons of humanitarian aid to Iraq.
Allies who have expressed support
Bulgaria: Foreign minister has said the conflict “poses a direct threat to Bulgaria” but has not offered any military or aid distance so far.
Egypt: Released a statement strongly denouncing the execution of American journalist James Foley, with a spokesman calling for the “international community to rally efforts to fight terrorism.”
Finland: Minister for Foreign Affairs said his country will “concentrate on delivering humanitarian aid to people in desperate need”
Georgia: In a statement, its defense minister said officials “fully support what the United States i doing to eradicate these barbarians”.
Greece: In a statement, the government condemned the actions of the Islamic State and said “we express our solidarity with the Iraqi government.”
Israel: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement “these groups must be fought, they must be rolled back, and they must ultimately be defeated. That’s why Israel fully supports President Obama’s call for united action against ISIS.”
Kosovo: In a Facebook statement, Prime Minister Hashim Thaci said it will help the United States to destroy ISIS and Kosovo is part of the “emerging global alliance to fight a great evil”.
Oman: The Sultan of Oman has said “no one can afford to neglect a situation as serious as this” and his government will work “as fast as possible to end IS threat.”
Poland: Intends to politically support the fight, as well as through NATO membership, but does not envisage soldiers participating in military operations.
Croatia: Committed to “helping provide Kurdish forces urgently needed arms and equipment.”
Romania: In a statement, the Romanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it will “contribute to the international community efforts to combat international terrorism and the ISIL phenomenon.”
Singapore: Ministry of Foreign Affairs has cited a “critical need for the international community to work closely together to counter this treat.”
Taiwan: In a statement, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it would “monitor the threat to global security” and will “cooperate closely with the international community to provide humanitarian aid to the victims of ISIL attacks.”
Coalition supporters
The following nations have an unspecified commitment but State Department has said they are part of the coalition: Andorra, Bosnia, Lithuania, Macedonia, Malta, Mexico, Moldova, Morocco, Portugal, Serbia, Slovenia, Tunisia and Ukraine.
Non-nation supporters
There are two other bodies that have backed the coalition but are not nation states:
Arab League: Released several statements urging its members to confront the Islamic State “militarily and politically.” Foreign ministers from all of the member states have agreed to take “all necessary measures to confront the Islamic State.”
European Union: The EU Civil Protection Mechanism has been activated to support “rapid deployment of in-kind assistance and expertise to Iraq.” Ten member states are providing essential relief through a “humanitarian air bridge.” The European Commission has increased the level of aid to $22 million in 2014.
Sebastian Payne is a national reporter with The Washington Post. He is the Post’s 35th Laurence Stern fellow.

Two third of Indians want government to provide health care  says Don Baer CEOIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Godhra Muslims earn living by crafting  dandiyas  for NavratriGodhra Muslims earn living by crafting 'dandiyas' for Navratri
PTI  Vadodara, September 25, 2014
First Published: 17:05 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:12 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
A large number of Muslim craftsmen in Godhra city, which was the epicenter of the 2002 riots, earn livelihood by making 'dandiyas' (wooden sticks) for Navratri, Gujarat's most popular festival of the Hindus.
Several Muslim families in Godhra, about 60 kms from here, start preparing the dandiyas, used by men and women in the traditional folk dance, 5-6 months prior to the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival.
The about 18-inch long dandiya sticks, made from mango tree and 'baval' thorny tree wood, are decorated with colourful laces, beads and 'ghungroos' (tiny metallic bells strung together), says Rafiqbhai Abdulbhai Menda, who owns a dandiya manufacturing unit in Godhra.
According to him, over 500 Muslim families survive on 'Kharadikam' (painting and decorating of wooden sticks and other toys) done on these wooden sticks used for participating in 'dandiya raas and garba' across the state.
"...the Muslim craftsmen feel happy preparing the dandiyas for a spirited participation in the Navratri festival by Hindu community members," Menda said.
There are about 300 units in Godhra engaged in making dandiyas at Polan Bazaar, Sultanpura, Madhu Lot, Biladiya plot, Ahmednagar, Muhmandi Mohalla, Bhura Mohalla and Chakaliyani Vadi, Menda said.
Almost all small-scale dandiya-making units in Godhra are owned by Muslims. The sticks are in great demand across the country, particularly in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal, he said.
"Every year, we begin making dandiyas some months before the Navratri festival. We supply these dandiyas all over India," said Abdul Sattar, owner of another unit.
"Wholesale dealers of dandiya sticks procure the best ones at reasonable rates in Godhra. Hence, they prefer to buy them in bulk from here. By making dandiyas, we earn a decent livelihood," Sattar said.
The 'dandiya raas and garba' are performed in the honour of Goddess Amba, Durga and Kalika depicting a mock fight between the goddesses and Mahishasura, the demon king, and is nicknamed 'the sword dance'.

Dollar moves up to fresh four-year highUS stocks slide as Apple takes a beating
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12f21cb4-445f-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sir Philip Hamptons in-tray at GSK© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e156d218-4494-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

With a bullet: Japan  the dollar  fried iPhonesWith a bullet: The dollar, Japan, fried iPhones
By: John Waggoner September 25, 2014 7:46 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The dollar hit a two-year high against the euro, which swooned to $1.27 Wednesday. Strong U.S. housing data drove the dollar higher. The dollar also neared a six-year high against the Japanese yen, and gold swooned to $1,219.50, its lowest since January.
The price of oil is one sign that the global economy is weak. West Texas intermediate crude futures hit $92.66 a barrel on the NYMEX. Another sign: German business confidence notched its fifth monthly fall to the lowest level in a year.
The Bank of Japan is on track to becoming the largest shareholder on the Nikkei stock exchange as the central bank takes the bold move of stepping up its purchases of riskier assets to help support its fragile economy.
British Petroleum’s attempt to recover what it complains are “excessive compensation” payments from the massive 2010 Deepwater Horizon spill was dealt a blow by the U.S. District Court in New Orleans, which rejected BP’s claims.
Households have 41.6% of their financial assets in stocks, more than the bull market peak in 1968, but less than in 2000, says Ned Davis Research. “When investors are pretty fully invested in stocks, the returns looking out 10 years later are generally poor,” Ned Davis writes.
The property boom in Seattle has been sparked by a Chinese romcom , Finding Mr. Right, which is set there.

US Durable Goods Fell 18.2 Percent in AugustAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Kim Yi Dionne  Laura Seay and Erin McDanielLoad More
About
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix”, a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House for the newspaper and Web site. Chris has appeared as a guest on NBC, CBS, ABC, MSNBC, Fox News Channel and CNN to talk politics. He lives in Virginia with his wife and sons.
Most Read

Lowering credit card interest rate is easier than you think8
The report, released this week by CreditCards.com, found that nearly 90 percent of cardholders who asked their credit card issuers to waive a late payment fee were successful. The report also found that two-thirds of cardholders who asked for a lower rate were approved.
More young adults afraid of opening credit card accounts
Clark Howard has the good and bad about not having credit cards.
Clark Howard has the good and bad about not having credit cards.
See more videos
“We were surprised with the success rate,” said Matt Schulz, CreditCards.com’s senior industry analyst. “ It’s probably the best time in years to ask credit card issuers for a break.” 
But only about one-fourth of the credit card holders queried for the report asked for a break on their credit card bills.
Only 28 percent of U.S. cardholders have asked for a late fee to be waived.  And only 23 percent have asked for a lower interest rate.
“I don’t think [people] realize how good of a chance they have at being successful,” Schulz said. “It’s as simple as that.”
cComments
I got a late fee waived, but it's still reported to the credit bureaus. The fee was their fault, too. I never had a late payment, but then they randomly moved up my due date to mess with me. So then my payment was "late" that month and they kindly agreed to waive it "just...
Wendy Darling1

How CME Group is investing its startup-focused fund0
So, working with entrepreneurs that are actively solving problems that may have something to do with healthcare, but that particular algorithm or social-media approach will have some impact in financial services down the line, we’d like to help define that and open the door to that space. It may turn out that they don't end up having an application for financial services, and that’s fine, because we’re also focused on building successful companies.
Q. In what stages are you investing and why?
A. We are investing in Series A and beyond. We have not and will not likely make investments in seed- and angel-stage companies. If we can catch companies with technologies that we believe have applications to our markets in three to five years, we can help them open doors to financial services in ways others might not be able to. We think by investing in that level, we have a good chance of influencing the outcomes.
Q. How does this fit your innovation strategy?
A. We really wanted to jumpstart and formalize the way that we’ve embraced innovation here. Other VCs are masterful at building companies. CME is masterful at running its own and at innovating. We want to bring those two things together to build successful companies, bring those (lessons) back to help inform our strategy and make us a smarter organization.
Q. What investments have you made and why?
A. Because we are involved in moving money and people taking risks, it’s important that we’re in the cutting-edge of security. Wickr Inc. provides military-grade encryption on a peer-to-peer or point-to-point basis that we thought was very attractive.
There’s been a lot of talk about quantum computing. 1QBit Information Technologies Inc., a Canadian company, is writing software for the quantum-computing device manufactured by D-Wave Systems Inc. We have invested in a company that’s got access to that machine and is writing software that’s hopefully going to help solve portfolio optimization and risk-management problems that financial services firms face and do it at quantum speed.
Q. How have you changed your business to enable innovation?
A. In recent years, CME has acquired a number of companies, both large and small. One thing we had to build, through forming our strategic investment group, is adding the capability to take minority stakes. This gives us the opportunity to build connective tissue with new and emerging firms that don’t necessarily make sense to acquire. It improves our partnering skills, gets us exposure to innovations that are applicable but extend beyond our core business, and helps the entrepreneur build a successful company.
Q. How do you approach failure?
A. You can't be afraid to fail. You do your best not to, but oftentimes things don't work out, and you have to be nimble enough to either pivot and change your plan or accept that it’s time to shut it down. 
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Rajnath Singh to visit Assam  Meghalaya early OctoberSep 25, 2014 at 06:48pm IST
Rajnath Singh to visit Assam, Meghalaya early October
11
0
New Delhi: Home Minister Rajnath Singh will visit Assam and Meghalaya early next month to take stock of rescue and relief operations in the flood-hit states. Singh has sent Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju and Minister of State (Independence charge) for Sports Sarbananda Sonowal to Assam on Thursday to review the flood situation there.
"The Home Minister has asked Rijiju to visit Assam today and take stock of the flood situation in the state. Rijiju is accompanied by Sonowal and they will brief the Home Minister on the situation on their return from Assam," a Home Ministry official said.
The Home Minister had on Wednesday assured all possible assistance to Assam government for rescue and relief of flood-affected people in the state. During a telephonic talk with Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, the Home Minister conveyed to him that the central government was monitoring the flood situation in the northeastern states and was ready to help all flood-affected states in facing the challenge.
The Home Minister had on Wednesday assured all possible assistance to Assam government for rescue and relief of flood-affected people in the state.
#rajnath singh #assam #meghalaya #kiren rijiju
Eleven NDRF teams comprising over 550 personnel have been deployed for relief and rescue operations in flood-hit areas of Assam. The teams are carrying boats and other equipment. Each NDRF team has a strength of over 50 personnel.
Following demands of the state authorities, rescue and relief teams of NDRF are deployed at Boko, Goalpara, Guwahati, Sonitpur, North Lakhimpur, Tinsukia and Dhemaji in Assam while two teams have been sent to Tura and West Garo Hills in Meghalaya which is also facing the onslaught of heavy rains and landslide.
Torrential rains for the last couple of days in northeastern parts of the country have resulted in flooding in several districts of Assam and Meghalaya, killing 36 people and leaving scores homeless.
5

US Stocks Open Lower After Best Day in a MonthAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Marcio Jose Sanchez / APmarcio jose sanchez / ap
Price Tag for Calif. s King Fire Hits $53 Millionprice tag for calif. s king fire hits $53 million
Motorola Solutions offloading $3.1 billion in pension debt to insurerMotorola Solutions has significantly downsized over the past two decades — from 150,000 employees in 1997 to 20,000 employees today. About 5,000 more will spin off to Lincolnshire-based Zebra Technologies when the sale of Motorola Solutions' enterprise unit closes this year.
Revenue has also dropped, from about $40 billion to closer to $8 billion.
"And we're still carrying the legacy pension obligations of all those businesses we've divested," O'Keef said.
Employees at Motorola Solutions hired before Jan. 1, 2005, are eligible for pensions. Just 5,000 active employees will get pensions, O'Keef said.
Pension debt is volatile, O'Keef said. At the end of last year, for example, Motorola Solutions' U.S. pension liabilities were $7.3 billion and 84 percent funded — now they're up to the $8.4 billion, O'Keef said.
"It became so clear that this obligation was creating volatility that the smaller business just couldn't stomach," O'Keef said. "Our core business is not managing retirement assets and liabilities. Prudential's business is. ... Our shareholders do not want our earnings and cash flows to be whipsawed by changes in interest rates."
Insurance companies like Prudential specialize in managing large pools of assets and long-term risk, said Peggy McDonald, senior vice president and actuary for Prudential.
"We have actuarial expertise and investment expertise, and expertise in any transaction that has to do with longevity," McDonald said. "We have the investment experience, insurance and regulatory benefits to make sure these benefits will be paid."
Rising costs and increased life spans have made traditional pension plans more expensive for employers to fund, she added.
Also, businesses will see an increase in the next few years on premiums they pay to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp., a government agency that insures private-sector pension plans. Persistently low interest rates also make it harder for companies to reap returns on funds they set aside for the liabilities.
Prudential also took on pension obligations for General Motors ($26 billion) and Verizon ($7.5 billion) in recent years, in the largest and second-largest pension transfer deals ever in the U.S., McDonald said. Prudential manages pension benefits for 1.6 million people at more than 5,700 companies, it said, totaling $330.5 billion in retirement funds.
Motorola Solutions said it realizes its retirees will have questions about the move.
"It's complicated," O'Keef said. "Change creates anxiety and we all recognize that. We've gone to great lengths to construct something that if we explain it, it will make sense. … There are no changes to their benefits, the amount of their checks will remain the same."

People vastly underestimate CEO pay gapPeople vastly underestimate CEO pay gap
Washington Post
It takes a worker at McDonald's and Starbucks 6 months to earn what each company's CEO makes in 1 hour.
Americans might think they know how bad inequality is, but it turns out they have almost no idea.
A new study conducted at Harvard Business School found that Americans think CEOs make about 30 times what the average worker makes in the United States, when in actuality the chief executives make more than 350 times the average worker.
"Americans drastically underestimated the gap in actual incomes between CEOs and unskilled workers," the study says.
0
But that underestimation isn't merely drastic — it is also unmatched in the world. The gap between Americans' perception and reality is the largest among any of the 16 countries for which the researchers measured both the perceived and actual pay inequality.
Part of that stems from Americans' comparatively modest estimation. The citizens of four countries — South Korea, Australia, Chile and Taiwan — estimate a higher pay gap between CEOs and low-level workers. In South Korea, the perception is that CEOS make 42 times more than the average worker; in Australia, it's just over 41; in Taiwan, it's about 34; and in Chile, it's about 33.
But the reason Americans are so bad at guessing how much CEOs make may also be tied to the fact that American CEOs are exceptionally well-paid.
The average CEO in the United States makes more than $12 million per year, which is nearly double the amount for those in Switzerland, where the second-highest-paid CEOs live; more than twice that for those in Germany, where the third-highest-paid CEOs live; and more than 21 times that for CEOs in Poland.
While a handful of countries might perceive larger pay gaps than the United States, none of those surveyed have an actual pay gap nearly as large. In Switzerland, the country with the second-largest CEO-to-worker pay gap, chief executives make 148 times what the average worker does; in Germany, the country with the third-largest gap, CEOs make 147 times the pay of the average worker; and in Spain, the country with the fourth-largest gap, the ratio is 127-to-1.
Look no further than a few of America's largest corporations for evidence of the country's exceptionally large pay gap. The personal-finance website NerdWallet did an analysis last year that showed it takes the typical worker at both McDonald's and Starbucks more than six months to earn what each company's CEO makes in an hour.
What Americans share with the rest of the world is a collective disdain for pay inequality. People of all ages, education levels and income brackets, the Harvard study found, think low-skilled workers are getting paid too little and high-skilled workers are getting paid too much.
"The consensus that income gaps between skilled and unskilled workers should be smaller holds in all subgroups of respondents regardless of their age, education, socioeconomic status, political affiliation and opinions on inequality and pay," the study says.

http://usat.ly/1v3t5u9Stocks plunge: Dow down 265; Apple sinks 3.8%
The Dow is coming off three straight days of 100-point moves.
Post to Facebook
Stocks plunge: Dow down 265; Apple sinks 3.8% The Dow is coming off three straight days of 100-point moves. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1peyUiM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
111
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks plunge: Dow down 265; Apple sinks 3.8%
David Carrig, USA TODAY 4:54 p.m. EDT September 25, 2014
For most investors, it’s better to take up a hobby – like birdwatching – than to worry about day-to-day market moves. (America's Markets, USA TODAY)
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
1142 CONNECT 335 TWEET 12 LINKEDIN 111 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The stock market suffered its worst slide in nearly two months Thursday as the blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average ended down nearly 265 points and Apple spearheaded a sharp drop in technology stocks.
In what is shaping up as Wall Street's fourth consecutive day of triple-digit moves, the Dow closed down 264.26 points, 1.5%, to end below 17,000 at 16,945.80. Throughout most of the day, all 30 stocks in the average traded lower.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 32.31 points, 1.6%, to finish at 1965.99. And the worst losses of the day were in the tech-packed Nasdaq composite, which ended down 88.47 points, 1.9%, to 4466.75.
Nasdaq's losses were driven by a 3.8% decline in Apple shares, which finished the trading session a tad below $98.
Although the Dow gained 154 points Wednesday, all of its other tripe-digit moves have been on the downside since it set a new closing high on Friday -- the same day the biggest-ever initial public offering, Alibaba Group, debuted on the New York Stock Exchange. Both the Nasdaq and the S&P were down for the fourth day of the past five sessions.
Thursday's drop was blamed on increasing concerns about the global economy and a growing backlash against problems consumers are reporting with Apple's latest software updates and its new product launches, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
The rising volatility on Wall Street is causing concern after the stock market enjoyed a long run of relatively uneventful trading earlier in September. A measure of volatility known as the "fear gauge" jumped 25% on Thursday.
Analysts are worried the buildup of complacency among investors and the approach of what could be a disappointing third-quarter earnings season could mean more trouble in the weeks ahead.
Still, damage is relatively minor, given that the Dow and S&P are both down roughly 2% from the record highs they set last week.

Southern Charm star Thomas Ravenels strange new Senate adBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 25 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
The cast of Bravo’s “Southern Charm,” including Senate candidate Thomas Ravenel. (Credit: Bravo)
The Fix’s Chris Cillizza and I are annotating candidates’ advertisements this election season, and this week, we take a look at the latest spot from South Carolina Independent candidate for Senate, star of Bravo’s “Southern Charm,” Thomas Ravenel.
The verdict? Ravenel would have been better employing some snappy, “Real Housewives”-style catchphrases, or enlisting the Magical Elves, the production company behind Bravo hits like “Top Chef.” This strange spot, which paints his potential constituents as victims of Beltway brainwashing and features a truly hideous fake-patriotic living room, is unlikely to win him a lot of supporters.
Thomas Ravenel is one of the stars of Bravo's "Southern Charm" -- and now he's running for Senate in South Carolina as an Independent. The Fix's Chris Cillizza and Act Four's Alyssa Rosenberg weigh in on the messaging behind Ravenel's new campaign ad. (Julie Percha/The Washington Post)
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Can video games help plan for war New project will find outBy Thomas Gibbons-Neff September 25 Follow @Tmgneff
A screen grab from “Call of Duty: Black Ops II,” an installment from the successful video game franchise. (Activision via Associated Press)
Steven Grundman was sitting on his couch, watching his son play the video game “Call of Duty: Black Ops II” when he was struck by an idea that, he thinks, might just change how policy experts approach the future of war.
Grundman, a George Lund fellow for emerging defense challenges at the Atlantic Council , saw the game’s attention to detail and realistic depiction of war in the year 2025 as realistic enough to be a plausible answer to the question of what war might look like one day.
“It occurred to me that the perspective of artists on this question is compelling and insightful and it’s also different,” Grundman said. “One feature that struck me was the combination of both familiar technologies and novel ones.”
Now, almost half a year later, Grundman is launching a new project for the Atlantic Council that will mine video games, narrative fiction and other interactive media for insights into the future of war. He has also brought on the writer and director of “Call of Duty: Black Ops” as a nonresident fellow. Grundman said that, after watching his son play the game, he realized that art and entertainment might have a place in a field overridden with “linear thinkers.”
“I didn’t want to satisfy myself with an approach everyone was doing,” he said, referring to Washington’s medley of think tanks. “It’s a crowded field of ideas.”
The idea behind the Atlantic Council’s year-long endeavor, to be called “ The Art of Future Warfare ,” is to disrupt that thinking. It will be launched at an Oct. 1 event with Dave Anthony, the writer and director of “Call of Duty: Black Ops.”
The game, which is part of the “Call of Duty” franchise, has been released in two installments, one of which takes place during the Cold War and the other of which is set in a fictional Cold War between the United States and China in the 2020s. The Black Ops iterations of “Call of Duty” are some one of the most successful entertainment ventures in history, with the first Black Ops earning almost $2 billion in sales.
Anthony, who is originally from England, said he first heard from Grundman in April, shortly after Grundman encountered his son playing the video game.
“We have a perception of Washington that someone wouldn’t be forward-thinking enough to contact creative people to predict… future conflicts and the nature of what these conflict will be,” Anthony said. “The fact that they contacted a video game director to help them with that was flabbergasting.”
Anthony believes that artists and other creative types have the ability to approach policy issues in an entirely different manner — a manner, Anthony hopes, that will change how Washington looks at threats to national security and future wars.
“Our job is to blow apart structure and come up with creative ideas,” Anthony said. “We come at it from an entirely different perspective.”
Anthony worked with Brookings Institution fellow Peter Singer, Marine Col. Oliver North and the screenplay writer of Christopher Nolan’s “Batman Trilogy,” David Goyer on “Call of Duty Black Ops: II.” He said he sees himself almost as a culmination of the three disciplines that Singer, North and Goyer represent.
“You come at [these issues] with a team of people,” Anthony said. “That’s how we were so successful with ‘Call of Duty’ and I think that it can really translate into how D.C. thinks about these things.”
One of Anthony’s focuses at the Oct. 1 event will be on potential terrorist plots within the United States. He plans to bring in a number of videos, directed by himself, that depict a series of strikes on the Las Vegas strip that resemble the 2008 attacks in Mumbai.
“The way I think I about is that the next attack as already happened it’s just happened in a different form,” Anthony explained, referring not to just real terror attacks, but those found on television and in movies. “My focus is on what we can do, and what we are not thinking about in terms of how we can be proactive about preparing for these things, or even preventing them from happening.”
Thomas Gibbons-Neff is a Washington Post contributor and a former U.S. infantry Marine.

Sears Canada CEO to step downSears Canada CEO to step down
Sears Canada
ANDY CLARK, REUTERS
People walk past the main Sears store in downtown Vancouver, British Columbia February 23, 2011.
People walk past the main Sears store in downtown Vancouver, British Columbia February 23, 2011. (ANDY CLARK, REUTERS)
Reuters
Sears Holdings Corp.
Head of Sears Canada to step down due to family issues
Struggling department store chain Sears Canada, majority-owned by Hoffman Estates-based Sears Holdings, said CEO Douglas Campbell will resign by the end of the year to tend to family issues.

Solar flight gives wings to clean energy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8f11adc-44a8-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra elections: BJP ends 25-year-old alliance with Shiv Sena as seat sharing talks fail5
0
Mumbai: One of the oldest political alliances in India is over with the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena deciding to fight the Maharashtra Assembly elections alone.
Announcing the decision at a press conference, BJP leader Eknath Khadse said that they made all efforts possible to maintain the alliance but the options that were offered by Shiv Sena were not acceptable to them.
He also said that the two parties were locked in a deadlock over the number of seats adding that the Shiv sena focussed only on numbers rather than focussing on the state's welfare. "They were adamant on their proposal. We conveyed it to the Shiv Sena that bringing down the Congress-NCP alliance is the priority but they were more interested in the Chief Minister's post," Khadse said.
BJP leader Eknath Khadse said that they made all efforts to continue the alliance but the options offered by Shiv Sena were not acceptable to them.
#bjp #eknath khadse #shiv sena #uddhav thackeray
The 25-year-old alliance which had swept Maharashtra in the recent Lok Sabha elections winning 41 out of the 48 seats came to an end after several days of intense wrangling over seat sharing for the Assembly elections scheduled for October 15.
After days of meetings and talks over seat sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections, the grand old Mahayuti is now over. The decision to split the alliance came after BJP President Amit Shah cancelled his Mumbai visit yet again on Thursday even as a late night meeting between the BJP and Shiv Sena failed to reach any solution.
The Shiv Sena had in fact reached out to the BJP one last time on Thursday to try and settle the tussle. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray had spoken to BJP President Amit Shah as Shah cancelled his Mumbai visit.
Thackeray told Shah not to set very high goals and also asked him not to stretch the issue any further. Uddhav Thackeray also spoke to BJP's Maharashtra in-charge Om Mathur and asked for an announcement to be made as soon as possible.
The Shiv Sena had demanded 151 seats for itself, leaving 127 for the BJP. Thirteen seats had been offered to the smaller parties. The Sena had proposed this new formula at the talks that were held late on Wednesday night.
The smaller parties in the Mahayuti had issued an ultimatum of Thursday, 11 am to resolve the seat sharing issue. They were unhappy with the proposal of giving only seven seats to the smaller parties.
The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana had rejected the Sena's offer of seven seats to them and had threatened to release their list of candidates. They were demanding 18 seats.
Earlier, the Sena had proposed 151 seats for itself and 130 for the BJP.
Here is a look back at where the Mahayuti began:
- In 1989, the two parties formed an alliance after talks between late Bal Thackeray and late Pramod Mahajan.
- In 1995, the Sena-BJP alliance won the Assembly elections and formed the government.
- In 1999, Sena-BJP lost power to the Congress-NCP combine, but decided to stay together.
- In 2006, Bal Thackeray's newphew Raj formed the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena.
- In the 2009 Assembly elections, the BJP contested 119 seats and Shiv Sena 169.
- In 2012, the BJP tried to warm up to MNS.
- In 2014, the BJP-Sena alliance won 41 seats out of total 48 in the Lok Sabha elections.
7

Morning links: Federal prison population continues to declineBy Radley Balko September 25 Follow @radleybalko
The federal prison population dropped again in 2013 . It is expected to drop by approximately 12,000 more over the next two years.
More good news : NPR reports that more police agencies are providing training for dealing with the mentally ill. Let’s hope the training eventually extends beyond “crash courses,” but this is a good start.
Details are scant, but in Houma, La., a 14-year-old boy was shot and killed by a sheriff’s deputy on Tuesday.
An Ohio judge shuts down a secret live video feed that prosecutors had set up in a courtroom.
A Colorado prison guard who sexually assaulted a female prisoner who had just given birth was sentenced only to probation.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Dyson:  Go where no one s gone before.Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014
James Dyson speaks with Blue Sky reporter James Janega.
James Dyson speaks with Blue Sky reporter James Janega. (Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky illustration / Sept. 17, 2014)
By James Janega , Blue Sky Reporter contact the reporter
James Dyson: The world has the tools to solve problems. It needs more engineers.
Why invent? 'It's challenging,' says James Dyson. 'That's why I love it.'
To British inventor James Dyson, who was visiting his company’s North American headquarters in Chicago last week, the world is facing an ever-growing supply of new materials and innovation, and also a crucial shortfall.
“There’s an enormous shortage of engineers,” Dyson said. “That’s a big problem, that’s a big future global problem.”
In the international race to supply the world’s technological needs, good ideas have never had a shorter half-life, he said.
James Dyson, Dyson Ltd.
James Dyson, founder of Dyson Ltd., discusses the shortage of engineers today.
James Dyson, founder of Dyson Ltd., discusses the shortage of engineers today.
See more videos
Through the James Dyson Foundation, he says he is seeking to inspire future generations of problem solvers. As the owner of a product manufacturer in a technological age, he thinks about the attitudes of governments and educators as much or more than he thinks about markets and bottom lines.
The key to the future, he says, is invention. And lots of it.
“You’ve got to have much better technology than anybody else. And in order to do that, and to produce it quickly, you need to have a lot of engineers. I mean like three times the number you’ve got at the moment,” Dyson said.

IM men wanted to adopt Maoist method to kill politicians: NIAPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:46 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:51 pm
Indian Mujahideen’s Pakistan-based founder Riyaz Bhatkal had suggested adopting tactics used in the 2013 Maoist strike in Chhattisgarh on Congress leaders for eliminating politicians, the NIA has told a Delhi court.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) said this in its supplementary charge sheet filed before a special court which on Thursday took cognisance of the final report filed against 20 suspected IM men and fixed the case for hearing on November 3.
“Accused A-10 (Riyaz Bhatkal who is absconding) has clearly stated about his wish of repeating blasts in Mumbai to teach a lesson to police. Investigation has established that accused A-10 appreciated Maoist act of killing Congress leaders and postulated that IM should also do such activity like killing political leaders,” NIA said in the charge sheet.
Maoists had last year attacked the Congress cavalcade in Chhattisgarh in which 27 people, including the party’s top leaders, were killed.
The charge sheet further said that absconding IM member Mirza Shadab Beg had “allied” with top terror group al Qaeda for exploring the availability of fidayeen attack in India.
“The accused A-16 (Beg) allied with the al Qaeda and was exploring the availability of fidayeen i.e. suicide attacker from the al Qaeda for terrorist act in India. The accused formed a sub-group of IM operatives which allied with other absconding jihadi terrorists from different states of India who had taken shelter in Pakistan, for the furtherance of terrorist activities within India,” it said.
It also claimed Beg had travelled to bordering areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan for meeting the operatives of international terrorist organisations like the al Qaeda and the Taliban.
The NIA has named suspected top IM men Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal, Tahseen Akhtar, Ariz Khan, Md Sajid, Shahnawaz Alam,
Beg, Amir Reza Khan, Md Khalid, Mohsin Choudhary, Haider Ali, Md Saleem Ishaqui and Afif Jailani as accused in the case.
Besides them, alleged IM men Abu Rashid, Zia-ur-Rehman, Abdul Khadir Sultan Armar, Md Shafi Armar, Md Hussain Farhan, Md Rashid and Anwar Hussain were also named in the charge sheet by the NIA.
It, however, did not find enough evidence to charge sheet suspected SIMI operative Abu Faisal in the case.
“However, sufficient prosecutable evidence establishing the role of the aforesaid accused person (Abu Faisal) in the instant case of conspiracy of IM could not be obtained,” it said.
Out of the 20 accused named in the charge sheet by NIA, 17 have not been arrested yet while three others, Tehsin Akhtar, Haidar Ali and Zia-ur-Rehman, are in judicial custody in connection with the case relating to a larger conspiracy of the IM to carry out terror activities across the country.
All these accused have been chargesheeted for the offences under various sections of IPC, including 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 121 (waging war against the country), 121-A (conspiracy to wage war) and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
NIA is probing the alleged roles of 33 suspected IM men in the case out of which 29 have been chargesheeted by it.
The agency had earlier filed two charge sheets in the case against nine suspected IM operatives, continued…
The charge sheet further said that absconding IM member Mirza Shadab Beg had "allied" with top terror group al Qaeda for exploring the availability of fidayeen attack in India.

Gogoi to make aerial survey of flood-hit Goalpara tomorrowPrint
Press Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:44 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:47 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi will make an aerial survey of flood-ravaged areas of Goalpara district on Friday to take stock of the situation there.
On Thursday a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office said Goalpara is the worst affected district where 16 people have lost their lives so far because of the floods.
Gogoi will also visit the relief camps opened by the district administration at Balbala, Agia and Bhalukdubi.
Besides, he is also scheduled to meet district officials at Goalpara town to take stock of the flood situation, the statement said.
The chief minister will be accompanied by senior officials of the Water Resources and Revenue and Disaster Management Departments.

Narendra Modi eyes jobs with Make in India campaignCheered by some of India’s top billionaires, Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled a campaign on Thursday to turn India into a manufacturing powerhouse, vowing to remove bureaucratic sloth and make the country more investor friendly.
 
The "Make in India" campaign is as much an invitation to domestic and foreign companies as a promise to rectify everything that has kept the country at almost the bottom of World Bank’s ‘ease of doing business’ index.
 
“(The) mantra of our government is that we want to trust each and every Indian. The atmosphere of trust can change a lot of things,” Modi said at the launch of his government’s flagship programme that came with a new web portal www.makeinindia.com emblazoned with logo of a prowling lion.
Watch: Modi launches 'Make in India' scheme
“We don’t want any industrialist being forced to leave India. (I) can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months.”
 
The government wants to boost the share of manufacturing in country’s gross domestic product to 25% from about 15% now, roughly the same share of the economy as peers like Brazil and Russia but less than China’s 32%.
 
Read: All about Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign
From energy shortages and land problems to ambiguous tax laws and byzantine labour rules, a barrage of hurdles have kept away large-scale private investments in what should otherwise count as a massive, attractive market, analysts said. Lack of cooperation between the federal and state governments also turns off investors.
 
“The real challenge lies in getting execution of projects right at the state level,” said Sunil Sinha, director India ratings at Fitch – a global rating agency.  “States will have to come around to reform laws, even at the level of local bodies, and proactively facilitate implementation of plans and policies drawn up by the Centre.”
 
Populous, and strategic, neighbour China’s manufacturing capabilities have long overshadowed India and the government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to the Asian giant as costs and risks there rise.
 
For 64-year-old Modi, however, at stake is a key election promise to lift the lowest living standards among emerging markets by creating jobs for about 100 million young Indians who will enter the workforce over the next decade or so.
Modi leaves for US, hopes visit will boost ties
 
During 2005-12, India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
 
"We don't need to invite the world to India, they are ready to come,” Modi told an audience of some of the country’s wealthiest tycoons, including Reliance Industries head Mukesh Ambani, India's richest man, Tata Group chairman Cyrus Mistry and Wipro chairman Azim Premji.
 
It was a first-of-its kind assembly of top corporate leaders, who are pinning hopes on Modi and his government to steer the economy out of a prolonged slump.
 
Speaking before Modi, Ambani said the prime minister’s interactions “in Japan and anticipation of the visit to the USA (have) created a very positive environment,” adding that his company will hire 125,000 more people in the next 12-15 months.
 
AV Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla said with the launch of the “Make in India” campaign India had embarked on a “landmark mission that coincides with the triumph in outer space.”
PM Narendra Modi unveils the "Make In India" logo pic.twitter.com/ldoQnEBpUw
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 25, 2014
                  
Modi, whose party opposes foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail, articulated the contentious issue by saying that FDI also meant “first develop India” as much as it meant an opportunity for multinational companies to grow in India.
 
The government has identified 25 sectors, including automobile, aviation and construction that have potential to attract investment.
 
All ministries and state governments have been advised to introduce self-certification, while the home ministry will provide security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
 
The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December, while plans to initiate the other labour laws have already been initiated.
Read: Modi’s US visit could boost regional Asian ties
 
Asia's third-largest economy is showing signs of clawing out of its longest slump in a quarter century, and Modi’s landslide election victory has raised hopes that he will be able to engineer a quick turnaround.
Highlights of the mega launch event
Live Blog Make in India campaign launch
 
Watch: 'Make In India' to bring govt and industry closer: India Inc
 

India  China hold flag meet on Chumar incursionPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:23 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 10:26 pm
To end the standoff along Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Ladakh, China has demanded that the Indian Army give up construction of a road, which they have planned to build along the undefined border. Sources said China has also asked India to destroy the canals which are being constructed from NREGA funds in Demchok sector of Ladakh.
India has also objected to a bridge, which China has constructed on their side in Chumar over the past six months. Hours before a flag meeting was to be held on Thursday between India and China, two face-offs were reported in Chumar, a source said.
“The Chinese have raised objection to road construction material, which the Army has brought in to build the road in Chumar. They are asking India to remove the construction material and have put this as a pre-requisite to end the stand-off,” said a senior official.
The two issues were raised during the flag meeting held on Thursday on request of the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA). Details of the meeting were not immediately known.
“We are not going to destroy the canals that are well within our territory and are being built from NREGA funds. The problem is that the civilian population on India’s side has thinned down due to lack of infrastructure, while across the border in China, the civilian population has gone up due to better facilities,” said the official.
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval is monitoring the situation along LAC on a regular basis.
The stand-off, which started on September 10, has refused to die down and the buildup has increased at least at eight locations in Ladakh.
“Of these eight locations, there are at least four points where the two sides are engaged in eyeball-to-eyeball stand-off,” said the official.
India has asked its troops to interdict Chinese troops as and when possible and be aggressive in posturing along the border. “Three days after the build-up began, the Chinese also conducted air sorties violating airspace. We have also strongly objected to this during the previous flag meetings,” said the official.
 

Jadavpur University VC enters campus  students stage protestJU VC Abhijit Chakraborty leaves campus, after office hours amid continuing class boycott by a large section of students and teachers, in Kolkata on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:56 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 9:58 pm
The students of Jadavpur University on Thursday staged fresh protest after Vice-Chancellor Abhijit Chakraborty stepped into his office, a week after the controversial police action on agitating students.
The students sat outside his office shouting slogans demanding his resignation, stopping short of a gherao this time.
“The VC today came to the campus around 12 noon and went to his office. We have decided to continue with the academic strike unless he resigns, but we won’t gherao him,” said Gitoshree, a member of JU students’ union.
Thousands of students had marched through the city’s streets last Saturday demanding Chakraborty’s resignation. (Source: PTI)
West Bengal Governor K N Tripathi, who is the Chancellor of the university, said “outsiders” had fomented trouble inside the prestigious institution.
“As far as Jadavpur University is concerned, let the students learn, let them go for studies and let others (be) outside the campus… they (the outsiders) should not send trouble… the trouble in Jadavpur University is being sent by outsiders,” Tripathi told reporters here on Tursday.
“Let the university not be politicised… Let it be a centre of excellent education,” he added.
Asked if he has received any letter from R Chidambaram, chairman of the three-member search committee constituted by the state government, to suggest names for the post of JU Vice-Chancellor, Tripathi said, “I’ve not received any letter from anybody.”
The Vice-Chancellor’s visit to the JU campus comes on a day when a proposed march to the Kolkata Police headquarters at Lal Bazar was called off by the protesting students after the cases against them were withdrawn.
Thousands of students had marched through the city’s streets last Saturday demanding Chakraborty’s resignation.
Meanwhile, students in the JU mass communication department had boycotted their examination on September 18.

America s most (and least) educated statesTweet
The proportion of Americans with a college degree has increased steadily each year for more than a decade. According to the latest U.S. Census data, 29.6% of Americans at least 25 years old had at least a bachelor’s degree last year, up from 27.9% in 2009.
Based on recently released educational attainment data from the U.S. Census Bureau’s American Community Survey, West Virginia had the lowest level of educational attainment, with 18.9% of adults 25 and older having attained at least a bachelor’s degree in 2013. Conversely, more than 40% of Massachusetts residents had at least a bachelor’s degree, the highest percentage nationwide.
Click here to see America’s least educated states
Earnings vary dramatically according to a person’s level of education. According to Holly Yettick, director of the Education Week Research Center, it is very clear that “people with higher levels of educational attainment make more money.” While a typical American adult with less than a high school diploma earned slightly more than $20,000 in 2013, a person with a bachelor’s degree earned more than $50,000.
Varying levels of income and poverty may also help explain the considerable variations in educational attainment between states. According to Sterling Lloyd, senior research associate at the Education Week Research Center, “varying poverty levels, or differences in socioeconomic status among residents in states” are among the major contributors to disparities in educational attainment.
In fact, the median household income in nine of the 10 states with the lowest educational attainment rates was far lower than the national median of $52,250 in 2013. On the other end of the spectrum, the most educated states all had among the highest median household income in the nation.
A number of other factors contribute to a state’s college attainment rate. While it is extremely difficult to measure the impact of policy on a region’s level of education, Lloyd explained that policy makers expect that “efforts to increase financial assistance for students will ultimately result in higher rates of educational attainment.” State policymakers are also attempting to improve college readiness by implementing new curriculum standards and benchmarks for college readiness, Lloyd told 24/7 Wall St.
College attainment levels may also be influenced by a migration effect. Yettick pointed out that areas in Colorado, for example, have excellent college attainment rates but relatively poor high school graduation rates. This may indicate that while a state’s education system may be weak, its job market may be strong, attracting people with college degrees to move to the state.
However, a state may also attract people without college degrees. Yettick mentioned Nevada in particular, which had among the lowest college attainment. According to Yettick, “there are a lot of service jobs, so a lot of people moving into [Nevada] do not have college degrees.”
Yet, strong post-secondary education systems are still very important to states. Lloyd said that higher college graduation rates will make a state “more competitive in attracting companies to locate or relocate,” which is why “you see a lot of governors pushing higher education in their state.” Lloyd further explained that with increasingly mobile infrastructure, the education level of the labor force is among the most important factors a company will consider when deciding where to move.
To identify the most and least educated states in America, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the states with the highest and lowest percentages of residents aged 25 or older with at least a bachelor’s degree in 2013. 24/7 Wall St. also reviewed the percentages of adults who have completed education at each major education level, including high school, college, and graduate programs. In addition, we reviewed poverty rates and median earnings for the various levels of education, as well as statewide poverty rates and median household incomes. All data are from the U.S. Census’ American Community Survey.
These are the most and least educated states in America.

http://usat.ly/1srZX12Want a lower credit card interest rate? Try asking
About two-thirds of card holders who requested a lower interest rate received it, a survey shows.
Post to Facebook
Want a lower credit card interest rate? Try asking About two-thirds of card holders who requested a lower interest rate received it, a survey shows. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1srZX12
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Want a lower credit card interest rate? Try asking
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 12:05 a.m. EDT September 25, 2014
About two-thirds of card holders who requested a lower interest rate received it, a survey shows.
People who request a lower interest rate on their credit cards often get what they ask for, a new survey shows.
(Photo: iStockphoto)
82 CONNECT 65 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Many credit card holders who request lower interest rates or a break on late payment fees on their cards are getting what they ask for, according to a report out today from CreditCards.com
Credit card issuers waived late fees for 86% of the card holders who asked them to, and about two-thirds (65%) of card holders who requested a lower interest rate received it, says the survey of 983 major credit card holders in the USA.
But most people don't ask for these kinds of favors: Only 28% of credit card holders asked their credit card issuer to waive a late-payment fee; only 23% asked for a lower interest rate.
"A lot of people are hurting from credit card debt, and they may not know that negotiating a better interest rate or waiving a late fee is something that can be done and is often done successfully," says Matt Schulz, CreditCards.com's senior industry analyst.
These breaks "can save them real money, especially if you are someone with a lot of credit card debt," he says. "The worst thing the credit card issuer can say is no, and according to this survey, they're likely to say yes."
Among the reasons for this: "Americans are spending on their cards again. Banks are making it easier to get cards. Add that all up, and it's a really good time for people to ask for deals from the banks," Schulz says.
Certified financial planner Michael Dalton, who has written or co-written more than 100 books on financial planning, says to get credit card issuers to waive late fees or lower interest rates, "You've got to call them. You've got to be persistent, and you can't take no for an answer."
If they say no to your request, then ask them what they can do for you, he says. "It's all about making the calls, staying focused, not screaming and yelling, being polite but being persistent."
Credit card issuers want to keep their customers because it's expensive to get new customers, he says.
Other survey findings:
• 72% of households with annual incomes of $75,000 or more got lower interest rates, compared with about 60% of those making less than $75,000.
• 93% of households with  annual incomes of $75,000 or more got their late-payment fees waived, compared with about 80% of those with annual household incomes below $50,000.
• Only 33% of 18- to 29-year-olds got a lower interest rate when they requested it; 59% of 30- to 49-year-olds got the better rate; 79% of 50- to 64-year-olds.

JSW Energy to Buy Hydropower Plants from Jaiprakash Power: ReportYou are here: Home Corporates
JSW Energy to Buy 3 Plants From Jaiprakash Power
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 22:16 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: JSW Energy Ltd on Thursday said it had agreed to buy three operating power plants from Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd, as it looks to expand its portfolio beyond coal and lignite-based plants.
JSW Energy, controlled by billionaire Sajjan Jindal, will acquire two of Jaiprakash's three hydropower plants in Himachal Pradesh and a thermal power plant in Central India, the company said in a statement.
The three plants together have a combined capacity of 1,891 megawatts, according to the statement.
Speaking to a television channel, Mr Jindal said that the financial terms of the deal were still being worked out, but the deal was "probably the largest in India's power sector to date".
In July, a consortium led by Abu Dabhi National Energy Co pulled out of a $1.6 billion deal for the two hydropower plants, citing a change in business strategy.
Like many power and infrastructure companies, Jaiprakash and parent Jaiprakash Associates Ltd have been trying to sell assets to pay down the large debts they racked up before a prolonged economic slowdown squeezed revenues and hit profitability.
The JSW announcement comes a day after Jaiprakash said its deal to sell its hydropower business to Reliance Power Ltd had collapsed due to a "difference of commercial aspects".
The news of the Reliance deal falling through sent Jaiprakash Power's shares down 14 per cent, while parent Jaiprakash Associates shares plunged 19 per cent on Thursday.
Television channels had earlier reported that JSW was buying all three of Jaiprakash's hydropower plants.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

80% of Wipro s Raw Materials Sourced from India: Premji at  Make in India  LaunchYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
80% of Wipro's Raw Materials Sourced from India: Premji at 'Make in India' Launch
Published On:                  September 25, 2014                 | Duration: 1 min, 37 sec
Tweet
Wipro chairman Azim Premji speaking at Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign launch, said 80 per cent of the company's raw materials and components are sourced from India. PM Modi's vision of making India a manufacturing hub calls for a preparation of educated workforce of thinkers and problem solvers, he said.

Tata Group Remains Fully Committed to Invest in India: Cyrus MistryYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Comments
Tata Group Remains Fully Committed to Invest in India: Cyrus Mistry at 'Make in India' Launch
Published On:                  September 25, 2014                 | Duration: 1 min, 30 sec
Tweet
Cyrus Mistry, chairman of Tata Group speaking at 'Make in India' campaign launch, said this is an opportunity to catapult the country to a new orbit. Tata Group remains fully committed to invest in the country and in the people of India, he added.

FIIs upbeat on India; bet on cyclicals  banks: FT s Bindal08:00 pm
Harshendu Bindal, President Franklin Templeton Asset Mgmt (India) believes that foreign investors are positive on India; while Prime Minister Narendra Modi is striking the right chords; concerns on issues like taxation remain.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, he adds that one can expect India Inc’s earnings to grow in the range of 17-18 percent in the next three-four years, which will be key factor in attracting investors.
On sectors, Bindal is bullish on cyclicals, banking and materials.
Also Read: Indian mkt has material upside in next 3yrs, says BlackRock
Below is the transcript of Harshendu Bindal's interview with CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan. For the complete interview watch the accompanying video
Q: The Prime Minister is making a sales pitch to investors both for FDI as well as FII in a sense but for are institutional investors telling you today? In the long term the India story intact but in the short term are we likely to see some pain?
A: One thing I have been realising over the past week or so that I have been here and speaking to a lot of institutional investors I think there is a lot of interest in India. However, the questions remain around the environment for taxation other issues around that or how easy or otherwise is it to come in to India. What the Prime Minister is saying, he is hitting all the right notes to our mind and the kind of issues that you talked about are exactly the kind of issues investors want to know about. If they can get that comfort, there is to my mind optimism, I think they are positive.
Q: Are they willing to pump in more money at these valuations?
A: If you look at valuations I think they are in the fair value territory. It is a question of now earnings growing from here. Our view on that is over the next three-four years you will see an earnings growth and in our estimate it is in the range of 17-18 percent. So, even if there is no rerating of the market, but the earnings growth will take it to a higher level. So, in that sense that needs to be communicated to investors and I think once they get that they will look at India.
Q: Which are the sectors that you are most excited about and most bullish on?
A: We are very structural when we look at our portfolios. So, we see for example cyclicals, banking, materials those are the kind of sectors we like to focus on vis-à-vis sectors like IT for example. So, we think those are some of the sectors that have a good story ahead of them and so we look at sectors like that in our funds right now.
Q: Do you anticipate a correction between 5 and 10 percent at this point in time before the market resumes its rally, that is the sense that we are getting, what is your own estimate?
A: We do not have a view on that because we are little more long-term in nature. So, we don’t really track that but I sense that that may happen. There will be little bit of volatility in the market not only for domestic reasons but for global reasons as well. So, we for the kind of volatility you talked about is may be quite practical and possible to look at. Having said that, with earnings start picking up we will come to a more stable environment and then the environment will change quite dramatically.
Q: What is the big global risk that you are factoring in?
A: Globally, we are looking at several things. We are looking at geopolitical risks. Besides that what we need to track is recovery in the US. I think people are getting a lot more positive in the US as well. If the recovery happens in the US the thing to look at is will they then invest in emerging markets going forward, to me that is one of the risks. I still think the way India is looking on a relative basis compared to some of the other emerging market countries we should be able to get better flows than some of them. But one always has to take a step back and look at what is happening globally. So, that may be one reason for flows not to be as strong as we would like.
Q

NCP calls off 15-year-old alliance with Congress  withdraws support from Maharashtra government61
0
Mumbai: In a major shake-up in Maharashtra politics, the Nationalist Congress Party on Thursday announced the end of its ties with the Congress ahead of the Assembly elections due in the state on October 15.
The NCP, in a press conference, declared that it was withdrawing of its support from the state government. "Ajit Pawar will meet the Governor and submit his resignation as the Deputy CM of Maharashtra, The NCP is withdrawing its support," NCP leader Praful Patel said.
Hitting out at the Congress, the NCP said that despite being in an alliance, the Congress did not consult them before announcing its list of candidates for the Assembly elections on Wednesday.
Hitting out at the former ally, the NCP said that despite being in an alliance, the Congress did not consult them before announcing its list of candidates on Wednesday.
#congress #ncp #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #praful patel
The NCP also claimed that the Congress ignored them in the alliance. They asserted that the CM's position has always been held by the Congress in the 15-year-old alliance and they had demanded a change now. "We offered a proposal of equally sharing tenure for CM's post," Patel said.
The decision comes soon after the Bharatiya Janata Party announced the end of the 25-year-old alliance with Shiv Shiv Sena on Thursday evening.
3

Vistara takes delivery of first Airbus A-320 aircraft in Delhi10
1
New Delhi: Taking a step closer to getting its flying licence, Tata-SIA joint venture Vistara took delivery of its first Airbus A-320 aircraft that landed at the IGI Airport on Thursday, as the airline planned to go ahead with its operational launch next month.
The launch of Vistara has been delayed by a couple of weeks due to the late arrival of the aircraft, which would now have to undergo mandatory proving flight tests and other regulatory checks before the aviation regulator DGCA grants the airworthiness certificate and the flying licence or the Scheduled Operator's Permit (SOP).
Airline officials said the operational launch may be held in the later part of October. With this first acquisition, Vistara plans to increase its fleet to 20 aircraft, including the latest A-320 neos, by the end of the fourth year of its operation.
With this first acquisition, Vistara plans to increase its fleet to 20 aircraft, including the latest A-320 neos, by the end of the fourth year of its operation.
#delhi #vistara #igi airport #a320
The A-320-200, fitted with 'Sharklets' or large wingtip devices which help reduce fuel burn, was flown to Delhi by Vistara pilots, Capt Gopala Subramaniam and Capt Mandesh Singh, from Airbus manufacturing plant at Toulouse in France, with an overnight halt at Ras-al-Khaimah in the Gulf, the
officials said.
The number of seats in the single-aisle aircraft was not disclosed but it would have a business class and economy, with a Vistara spokesperson saying that the airline would "offer its customers the best-in-class in-flight ambience, safety and cabin comfort while driving operational efficiencies".
This is the first of the 20 A-320 family of planes like A-319s, A-320s and A-321s, which are being leased from Singapore-based BOC Aviation.
Vistara has also signed a comprehensive maintenance agreement 'Flight Hour Services Tailored Support Package' with Airbus, which is a first of its kind for any airline in India, the spokesperson said, adding that this would include the areas of airframe maintenance, engineering, reliability and components supply chain management.
With Delhi as its hub, Vistara, the 51:49 joint venture between Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines, plans to operate first to five cities and go up to 11 within a year with 87 weekly flights.
The plans are to link Delhi with Mumbai, Bangalore, Goa, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jammu, Srinagar, Patna and Chandigarh within the first year of operations. Initially, the airline is likely to have two flights a day to Mumbai, with one of them going onwards to Goa. It may also start two flights a day each to Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Hyderabad.
Under its aggressive expansion plans, Vistara is likely to gradually add destinations like Chennai, Pune, Lucknow, Varanasi, Jaipur, Kolkata, Amritsar, Bagdogra, Indore and Kochi within the first four years of its operations.
In a statement, Vistara CEO Phee Teik Yeoh said, "We are very excited to receive the delivery of our first aircraft. The selection of the modern Airbus A320 family aircraft is part of our strategy to offer the best service to our
customers."
"With such a fabulous start, we are certain that Vistara will herald a flying experience second to none in the Indian skies," he said. Airbus COO John Leahy said "the Vistara brand shows huge promise coming from a strong lineage of Tata and Singapore Airlines. We take pride in our association with Vistara, which I believe will further enhance Airbus presence in the Indian market."
3

Doctors Give Update on Ebola Patient09/25/2014
Live video: Ebola patient update
Doctors caring for Dr. Rick Sacra, the patient being treated for the Ebola virus at The Nebraska Medical Center, will discuss Dr. Sacra's release from the hospital.

To Get Your Credit Card Rate Cut  Just AskGet your credit card rate cut and save hundreds, just by asking
Ben Popken TODAY
Richard Drew / AP
You can get your credit card rate reduced if you say the magic words.
Here's something you can do on your lunch break that will pay for the sandwich you eat while on it.
Call up your credit card company and ask them to waive a recent late fee. While you're at it, ask them to cut your interest rate.
According to a new CreditCards.com study, you've got a pretty good chance now of getting what you want.
In their recent phone survey , nine out of ten borrowers who asked to get a late fee waived were successful. And two out of three who asked for a lower interest rate got it. But only about one in four had asked for either.
Those numbers were so shocking I had to try it myself.
I called up American Express. A woman named Paula answered. A busy call center clattered in the background. I told her that I had gotten a late fee recently. Could she waive it as a "one-time courtesy?"
She wanted to know why. "Did you not receive our billing notification on time?" asked Paula. I told her my wife and I had miscommunicated about scheduling the payment.
There was a pause.
"Some how my system has waved it off," said Paula. But there was hope. "I see that your account has maintained in excellent condition. I do not want you to pay for something you're not liable for."
After putting me on hold, Paula she told me she had checked with her supervisor and they would call me back in 24-48 hours to let me know their decision. Chalk that one up as a "maybe."
Next I asked if she could lower my interest rate. After missing some payments this summer, I was getting hit with a 27.4 percent APR. Could she lower it to the 19.4 percent I used to get? "It would help me out," I said, the only explanation I gave.
Paula put me on hold again. This time she came back quicker than before. 
"I have excellent news," she said. "We have got it lowered now back to 19 percent." Per American Express policy, it will apply to both future purchases and my existing balance.
Carrying around $2,000 on this card, this 10-minute phone call will save me $13 a month on my monthly payment. Ham and cheese sandwich: paid for.
With success this easy, it's boggling why more people don't give it a shot.
Video: David Bach, author of “Debt Free for Life,” shares tips for overcoming the biggest hurdle on your road to financial freedom – paying down credit-card debt.
"People are busy and it may not necessarily be the top thing in their mind," said Matt Schulz, CreditCards.com’s senior industry analyst. They also might not have the courage to do it, or even know that they can.
But for those who do, the savings can be considerable.
The average credit card late fee is $35. Get that back and you can upgrade the sandwich you munched while on hold to a steak.
Similarly, if you're carrying a balance of $5,000 and getting charged a 19 percent interest rate, getting it cut down to 11 percent will chop your monthly finance charges from $79 to $45.
For those carrying $15,000 in debt, the average credit card debt load, the savings can be even higher. For them, the same interest rate reduction would chop their monthly payments by $100.
Now is a good time to ask. According to a recent survey of bank loan officers conducted by the Federal Reserve, lending standards have gotten looser in the past six months. Furthermore, consumers racked up $66 billion in credit card debt between the first and second quarters of this year. The run up is the largest in the past six years. That means shoppers are more bullish about spending, and bankers are more willing to extend credit.
There are some caveats. 
Older customers with higher incomes were more likely to be successful, according to the CreditCard.com survey results, since lenders give higher credit ratings to customers with longer credit histories and higher incomes.
Depending on your card's policies your new lower rate might not apply to your existing balance. So even if you fight for a lower rate, your monthly payment won't go down by much at all. That's the case for Discover customers, said spokeswoman Jenna DiMaria. 
But by and large in the industry a lower rate will apply to existing balances, said American Bankers Association spokesman Jeff Sigmund, as long as the customer has a good credit history.
Most importantly, you have qualify for the lower rate. Banks aren't doing it just to be nice. 
Your creditworthiness has to be such that if you went to a different credit card company and applied, they would also give you the same lower rate based on their risk assessment models, said Melinda Opperman, a spokeswoman for Springboard, a non-profit credit counseling service. 
Just because you've become less "risky" doesn't mean anyone is going to do you the favor and lower your existing credit card's rate.
"You have to be your own advocate," said Opperman.
Now it's your turn. Call up your credit card company and ask for a fee to be waived or your rate reduced. Let us know in the comments or  on our  Facebook page  how it went.
Tags:

In Black-ish  everyone has racial issuesBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 25 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Marcus Scribner (center) and Anthony Anderson (right) in a scene from ABC’s “Black-ish.” (ABC/Adam Taylor)
“There’s been the diffusion of black culture to everyone else,” Kenya Barris, the creator of the family sitcom “Black-ish,” which premiered on ABC last night, “and there’s been a diffusion of black culture from black culture.” His collaborator, writer Larry Wilmore, took the idea further when the three of us spoke about the show in Los Angeles in July.
“One of my favorite lines that Kenya wrote in the pilot, is the white kid is at [the black family's house], and he’s looking for grape soda, and it’s like ‘Why would you assume–’ and he’s like ‘Found it!’” Wilmore explained. “That’s kind of our relationship with appropriation. ‘How come white people can’t appreciate our thing?’ ‘Oh, they’re appreciating our thing. How dare they take it away?’”
The tensions the two men are describing are what made “Black-ish” the best new comedy pilot of the fall television season, and what have the potential to make it a show with an importance beyond pure entertainment value.
The series focuses on an upwardly-mobile black Los Angeles family, headed by Andre (Anthony Anderson), an advertising executive, his doctor wife Rainbow (Tracee Ellis Ross), Andre’s father (Laurence Fishburne) and their four children. Andre appreciates the opportunities that are open to him, including a nice home and a possible promotion at his firm, but when “Black-ish” begins, he is also gravely concerned that his kids are drifting from his own sense of what it means to be black, in part because they have grown up in such relative comfort.
ABC's new show "black-ish" is a typical family comedy but addresses race with sharp humor. Creator and writer Kenya Barris annotates a scene with Andre (Anthony Anderson) and his wife and kids, who he believes have grown out of touch with black culture. (The Washington Post)
“Early America was your immigrants assimilating into what was thought of as American, but really was Anglo-American. They didn’t want anything to do with Eastern Europeans, so you had to be Anglo-American to be considered a real American,” Wilmore, who is working on the first twelve episodes of “Black-ish” before turning his attention to his upcoming Comedy Central show, “The Minority Report,” which will fill the slot vacated by Stephen Colbert. “So it’s funny how every group, everybody’s had that type of thing where there’s something gained, something lost.”
But the tension Andre is feeling does not simply play out in his own family, where he and Rainbow–who is mixed-race–have radically different perspectives on everything from their own children’s choice of sports and attraction to Judaism to an ongoing disagreement about whether O.J. Simpson is actually guilty. Instead, the great insight of “Black-ish” is that everyone has a relationship to black culture now, as well as to issues of class and gender, and that there is great comedy and great insight to be mined in looking at the fine-grained differences in the perspectives everyone brings to blackness (and whiteness), family life and money.
Or, as Barris put it: “Culture and class are our themes, but it’s really about having a family show that’s talking about something…So much of that has been lost to zaniness. But true comedy does come from having a point of view and a perspective.”
For Andre, class may prove to be as significant as race. In a bitingly funny scene in the pilot, a Hollywood tour guide conducts a group past Andre’s house, telling her customers “if you look to your left, you’ll see the mythical and majestic black family, out of their natural habitat, and yet still thriving!”
Having money “makes him feel conspicuous,” explained Wilmore, offering up his own experience as an example. “During the [1992] riots, I happened to be moving from Brentwood to Hancock Park. I  was just starting in television. I had my old Celica, this like, 1979 Celica, and I had boxes of my stuff, camcorder, stuff like that, as if I had been looting…This is my stuff, and I started feeling guilty…I thought, what if somebody stops me! It’s this weird feeling, it was very bizarre.”
“You look around right now, and it’s us, it’s me and Larry,” Barris agreed, pointing out the whiteness of the hotel bar where we were talking. “I got a head nod from the brother working here,” Wilmore joked.
“That premise is a great starting point for a lot of different conversations,” Barris suggested, pointing out that the combination of race and class in a single perspective can produce new comedic insights about both. “We are a culture that came from, in this country, nothing. We were enslaved. There is a sort of part of us, within some us, that wants to makes sure you know we’re not. And that’s where the flashiness comes from. I know for myself, I want to make sure you know this is who I am.”
And it is not only black characters who have relationships to black culture, or views of the world that are inflected by race, gender and class simultaneously. At work, Andre sorts co-workers into the “honorary brother” category, which includes his assistant, who knows how to code-switch without assuming that Andre only speaks Ebonics, and “not an honorary brother,” a title handed out to a fellow ad man who turns to Andre for advice on pressing questions such as “We want to know how you think a black guy would say good morning.”
(When Andre lands his promotion, it turns out to be as head of the firm’s new urban decision, a bump upward that carries with it the sting of an insult.)
“It all comes down to authenticity,” Barris said. “You can be someone who embraces the culture from an authentic love.” “And you can tell the difference “when someone does not, Wilmore chimed in. “I love code-switching. Even [President] Obama code-switches. Hillary [Clinton] got in trouble for doing it because she was doing it more down South,” to make covert appeals to white voters. “Oprah has made a career of code-switching!” Barris added.
“Sometimes I feel sorry for white people, because they don’t know what to say when they’re around us,” Wilmore explained. “And I love making them feel like they said the wrong thing. There’s nothing more fun. But yeah, that’s going to be a fun place to play.”
“Black-ish” is not the only show on ABC’s schedule this fall and winter that brings a jeweler’s loupe to the intersections of race, class and gender. Network president Paul Lee told critics at the Television Critics Association press tour in July that comedies like “Black-ish,” “Cristela,” about a Latina law student and her family, and “Fresh Off the Boat,” which looks at an immigrant Chinese family, as well as dramas like “American Crime” and “How To Get Away With Murder” are part of a larger approach of soliciting creators’ passion projects.
“I believe is that approach of approaching great storytellers and getting them to bring us their stories sort of unleashed for us a creative vein that was unmissable,” Lee said of his line-up. “We embrace it. We love having a diverse slate, but we think these shows are deeply relatable. I mean, when I watch ‘Fresh Off the Boat’ or when I watch ‘Black-ish’ or when I watch ‘Cristela,’ I am one of those families.” (Lee is himself an immigrant.)
For Wilmore and Barris, the increase in shows with black leads is long overdue. “CBS hasn’t had a black show since they tried that Cosby show 12 years ago,” Barris told me. And Wilmore told critics bluntly that the siphoning of black shows from the big broadcast networks to subsidiaries like the WB and UPN was a form of segregation: “I called it the Negro Leagues.”
What is exciting about this moment for them is not simply the return of black voices and black characters to the broadcast airwaves, but that other new perspectives are coming with them.
“I think there are new groups out there that are some fresh voices we haven’t had a chance to see,” Wilmore said, pointing to “Cristela” and “Fresh Off The Boat.” “Black-ish” has two Indian-American writers on staff as well as high proportions of African-American and female writers, and “that’s a new voice you’re seeing. There’s a lot of other types of voices that are coming up in television, because the viewership has gone down at the networks. It’s like ‘I guess we’ve got to try that.’”
“ABC is the American Broadcasting Corporation,” Barris said. “And this is the story of America in a nutshell.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Video shows S.C. trooper shooting unarmed man. The trooper has been fired and charged.By Abby Ohlheiser September 25 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Video from the dashboard camera of former South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert shows him firing several shots and injuring an unarmed man during a routine traffic stop. Groubert was fired and has been charged with assault. (S.C. 5th Circuit Solicitor's Office)
A former South Carolina state trooper was arrested Wednesday, a week after he was fired for shooting an unarmed man during a traffic stop. Sean Grouber, who shot 35-year-old Levar Jones on Sept. 4, faces a charge of assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature , a felony which carries a maximum of 20 years in prison.
In a dashcam video of the encounter that was released Wednesday, Jones is seen standing outside his car, then turning around and grabbing his license inside the vehicle at the request of the officer. Groubert, 31, then yells: “Get out of the car!” Jones does, and Groubert opens fire, striking him in the leg.
After being shot, Jones is ordered to the ground by Groubert. “I just got my license, you said get my license,” Jones says. “What did I do?”
Sean Groubert’s booking photo. (South Carolina State Police via AP)
Groubert’s answer: “You dove headfirst back into your car … I told you to get out of your car.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t hear two words,” Jones replies. “My license is right here on the ground.”
When Jones asks why he was pulled over, Groubert says it was for a seatbelt violation.
Groubert also asks Jones if he was hit, and later tells him to “hang tight” as they await medical assistance. Jones was wounded in the hip, and has since been released from a hospital, his attorney told WLTX , the CBS affiliate in Columbia, S.C.
According to the arrest warrant , Groubert “did without justification unlawfully shoot Levar Jones which produced great bodily injury or was likely to cause great bodily injury. Audio and visual recordings, as well as written statements, obtained are further evidence to indicate the shooting incident was without justification.”
According to WLTX, South Carolina Department of Public Safety Director Leroy Smith fired Groubert on Sept. 19  after reviewing the video and additional materials from the State Law Enforcement Division.
On Wednesday, Groubert pleaded not guilty and was freed on $75,000 bond. His attorney, Barney Giese, told WIX-TV  that the video above could be interpreted in more than one way. Giese added that Jones was “aggressively”  reaching for his license, leading his client to believe he was grabbing a firearm.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Curiosity spotted a suspicious ball on Mars 
Spot the alien cannonball. (NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS)
The Curiosity Rover recently sent home a picture of what looks like a pretty perfect sphere. Unfortunately, this isn't exactly evidence of an active Martian soccer club in the vicinity --  it's just a leftover from the days when Mars was a lot wetter than it is now.
When we spot Martian objects that look unusually familiar (like rocks masquerading as  space squirrels , for example) it's easy to get excited. Look at that sphere! It's so smooth. Maybe somebody made it that way on purpose, right?
Eh. The answer is almost certainly no. For starters, the ball isn't as big as it looks in the image -- it's actually only about a centimeter across. And as Ian O'Neill explains for Discovery News , this cannonball-like object is almost certainly something called a concretion.
We have concretions on Earth, too, which is cool when you think about how different these two planets are. Back when Mars had water, it formed sedimentary rock --  and concretions -- the same way Earth does. Water carries and drops sediment, which builds up over time to form rock. But this process leaves pores between grains of sediment, and minerals seep down to form masses inside the growing rock.
A concretion is what's left when the outer layers of sedimentary rock get sloughed away by erosion, leaving just the tough minerals that have seeped inside. Sometimes, they're pretty round .
So while it's admittedly a bit jarring to see a round little ball among the rough Martian rocks, try to keep your imagination in check. And just remember that we've seen way weirder stuff ( like perfect lava spirals ) before, and will probably see even weirder stuff in the future.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

The evidence of polygamy is in our genesBy Rachel Feltman September 25 Follow @rachelfeltman
Analysis reveals that females dominate the genetic diversity game. (Bigstock)
In the genetic history of our species, the mamas outnumber the papas. A new study in Investigative Genetics  reports that females have made a bigger contribution than men.
By studying the DNA of 623 males from 51 populations, the researchers found more genetic diversity in the DNA inherited from mothers than they did in the DNA inherited from fathers.
At first glance, these results could be taken to mean that there used to be more women than men. But if you know anything about history, it makes more sense to blame reproductive habits: In many cultures, more women reproduced than men.
Polygamy --  the practice of one man marrying multiple women -- was historically pretty common (and probably much more common than the opposite group marriage arrangement, polyandry ).
If most men have multiple wives, and the richest can support a whole bunch, that's going to leave some men without reproductive partners. So even though an individual male might have had more offspring than most individual women, the gender as a whole was making fewer contributions to the gene pool.
Even in cultures where polygamy wasn't the norm, the researchers told Live Science , women were historically more likely to migrate to new homes when they married. Men stayed put, so their genes stayed within their local population. Meanwhile, maternally-inherited DNA moved all across the globe.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Eric Holders greatest hitsBy Jonathan H. Adler September 25
Several news organizations  are reporting that Attorney General Eric Holder will step down as soon as his replacement can be named and confirmed.  Longtime VC readers may recall that we’ve not always been AG Holder’s biggest fans. Indeed, some of us were critical of Holder even before he was confirmed.
For those newer to this blog — or with fading memories — here are some links to past posts and critiques  of Holder.
Here’s David Kopel’s 2008 assessment of Eric Holder’s record on guns.
Here’s Eugene Volokh’s look at Holder’s views on crime-facilitating speech.
Here are two posts  on Holder’s role in securing pardons for FALN terrorists and Marc Rich during the Clinton administration.
Here’s a long chain of posts on Holder’s decision to bypass the Office of Legal Counsel because it produced a legal opinion on the constitutionality of a D.C. voting rights bill.  My own views are summed up in this post: Holder v. OLC .
Here’s Holder’s defense of Paul Clement .
Here’s a post on the AG’s letter announcing the administration would no longer defend DOMA, and another on Holder’s response to Windsor.
Here’s a post on Holder’s response to questions about the use of drones against U.S. citizens.
Here’s a relatively recent post  pondering whether Holder lied to Congress about government surveillance of journalists. ( Answer: Probably not. )
Here’s a post from April on why Judge Bill Pryor was upset with the AG.
I’m sure there are others I should have included — and various controversies or issues we neglected to blog — but there’s only so much time in a day.
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Three suspects arraigned in brutal attack on a gay couple in PhiladelphiaBy Abby Phillip September 25 Follow @abbydphillip
From left, Philip R. Williams, Kathryn G. Knott and Kevin J. Harrigan were arrested for aggravated assault. (Philadelphia Police Department)
Three people accused of brutally assaulting a gay couple on the streets of downtown Philadelphia on Sept. 11 turned themselves in to police and were arraigned Wednesday night on charges of aggravated assault.
Philip R. Williams, 24; Kathryn G. Knott, 24; and Kevin J. Harrigan, 26, are accused of shouting homophobic slurs at two gay men, then beating them on the streets near Rittenhouse Square in Philadelphia. The three were charged with aggravated assault, criminal conspiracy, simple assault and recklessly endangering another person.
The suspects allegedly held the men down and beat them in the head and chest while making comments about their sexual orientation, police said. One of the men dropped a bag containing his cellphone, wallet and credit cards; when police approached the suspects, one took off with the bag. Both men — a 28-year-old and a 27-year-old who have not been named by police — were hospitalized for their injuries. One of the men had his jaw wired shut and needed surgery for fractures and deep lacerations to the face.
“They’re still reliving it all,” Caryn Kunkle, a friend of one of the victims, told ABC News . “It’s really — it’s tough.”
Lawyers for the suspects say that the incident wasn’t motivated by sexual orientation.
“In no way, shape or form was this incident related to anyone’s sexual orientation,” Williams’s attorney, Fortunato Perri Jr., told the Associated Press . “This was a mutual confrontation that started because two individuals got into an argument out in the street.”
Perri told ABC 6 that “with respect to how it escalated, that’s unfortunate. But it only escalated after one of the purported victims struck one of the young girls in the face out on the street.”
The case took an interesting turn when last week amateur sleuths on Twitter used surveillance video posted by Philadelphia Police to identify the suspects.
A week later, the three suspects turned themselves in.
S/O to @FanSince09 This is what makes my job easy. Sure, it’s up to me to make the arrest but we are all in this together.
— Joseph Murray (@PPDJoeMurray) September 17, 2014
“The Philadelphia Police Department would like to extend its gratitude to the media and the public for helping us identify and arrest the suspects for an aggravated assault in Rittenhouse,” Philadelphia Police said in a statement.
In light of the charges, one of the suspects, Kathryn Knott, was suspended from her job at as an emergency room tech at Abington Health’s Lansdale Hospital. The hospital is also investigating  photos tweeted by Knott  of patient x-rays, a possible privacy violation.
Knott, who is the daughter of a local police chief , also tweeted comments such as “#gay is #ew” and used hashtags including “#dyke,” according to the Philadelphia Daily News .
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

An NFL player gave an inspiring pep talk to his daughter before cancer surgery. There was a fist bump.By Sarah Larimer September 25 Follow @slarimer
Devon Still and his daughter, Leah. (Screengrab/Instagram)
Devon Still is a defensive tackle for the Cincinnati Bengals. He is also a parent of a young child with cancer.
On Thursday morning, Still posted an Instagram video of a pep talk he gave to his 4-year-old daughter, Leah, who suffers from stage 4 cancer and was headed to the hospital for surgery.
Watch it below:
Here's what happened next, according to ESPN.com :
Less than 24 hours later, a team official told ESPN.com that more of the defensive tackle's black No. 75 jerseys had been sold in that time span than any jersey featuring any other Bengals player ever.
Ever?
"Ever," Jeff Berding, the Bengals' director of sales and public affairs, said. He didn't have an exact number of sales at the time.
Still considered walking away from the NFL after Leah's diagnosis. He was initially signed to Cincinnati's practice squad , which allowed him to keep his health insurance. He was later added to the team's active roster .
Congrats to @Dev_Still71 on being signed to the Bengals active roster. Thanks to the Bengals organization for all their support
— Drew Rosenhaus (@RosenhausSports) September 9, 2014
"When I found out, I told my family I was done. Done. I didn't feel comfortable leaving my daughter while she's going through this," he told Enquirer. "She's fighting for her life. Sports is not more important than me being there while my daughter is fighting for her life."
Update:
Still posted this photo on Instagram on Thursday evening , and said that after hours of surgery, all of Leah's tumor was removed.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Is the new technology at Macys our first glimpse of the future of retailBy Sarah Halzack September 25 Follow @sarahhalzack
Pedestrians cross the street in front of the Macy’s flagship store in New York. (Jin Lee/Bloomberg)
Amid the rise of online shopping and the waning popularity of sprawling suburban malls, a traditional department store may seem an unlikely forerunner for retail invention.
And yet, Macy’s, the 156-year-old mega chain, is launching a fleet of new technology-based initiatives, such as location-based digital coupons, in one of the largest efforts yet by a retailer to use innovations that have been much-hyped as the future of industry.
Over the next several weeks, Macy’s will add 4,000 iBeacon devices to its 786 stores across the country. These gadgets use a low-energy Bluetooth signal to send special offers to nearby smartphones that are equipped with the Shopkick app, a popular deals platform that Macy’s has partnered with to deliver its coupons.
“The customer who gets more engaged in more of the channels that Macy’s has to offer gives us more wallet share,” Kent Anderson, president of Macys.com, said in an interview.
While iBeacon technology has been trumpeted as an innovation on the cusp of transforming brick-and-mortar shopping,  few retailers have fully embraced it. Companies such as Lord & Taylor, American Eagle and Duane Reade have tested it in a limited number of shops, but Macy’s appears to be the largest retailer to be integrating the technology into all its stores.
Macy’s made this investment as part of a broader strategy to attract more millennial-generation shoppers, who have become crucial to boosting the retailer’s business as spending at department stores has dipped well below its 2001 peak .
The initial rollout of the beacon technology will be fairly straightforward: App users will receive storewide coupons on their phones when they enter the store. But Macy’s ambitions for the technology are much bigger than that.
“You’re in the housewares department standing next to our display of KitchenAid mixers,” Anderson explained. “The ability to transmit to you information — a video about the quality of this product, the accessories that we have as part of our assortment that you may not see there — rich content that may, and should, help us close the sale, is where we potentially see the beacon technology going in our stores.” Macy’s expects to add this more personalized content next spring.
The department store says it will be learning as it goes in determining the ideal cadence for delivering offers and other information to customers’ phones. Anderson says he expects that process will be similar to the early days of e-mail promotions. “There is the opportunity to overload them,” he said, “and I think that the balance has to be found.”
The company has also been thinking carefully about the privacy concerns that could arise with a marketing tactic that relies on users offering up their data.  Anderson said he believes that customers who are willing to turn over location information will also expect something of a quid pro quo:  The app has to deliver valuable enough content that they’ll find it worthwhile to share personal data.
Along with the location-based coupons, Macy’s has also announced an Image Search app, which allows customers to snap a photo with their phone of an outfit or clothing item and then be pointed to similar items on sale at Macy’s. The app was built in Macy’s San Francisco-based Ideas Lab in collaboration with engineers from Cortexica, an image-recognition technology start-up.
The Image Search app is still something of a work in progress. This reporter had a mix of hits and misses in using it:  It was successful, for example, in giving me a slew of suggestions for blue, knee-length dresses after I uploaded a photo of myself in a blue, cap-sleeve sheath dress. However, it was less successful in trying to find items similar to my tan, leather ankle boots. Among the items it recommended were a pair of gray, fur-trimmed snow boots and black motorcycle boots.
There are other experiments in the works, too:  The company has added “smart” dressing rooms – where the customer can use a wall-mounted tablet to view other colors and sizes or see customer reviews of an item – in five its stores. And, like several of its competitors, Macy’s is testing same-day delivery in eight large metropolitan areas, including Washington.
“Macy’s has really been, at least among the department stores, close to the forefront in embracing e-commerce,” said Stacie Rabinowitz, a retail analyst with Consumer Edge Research.
Anderson said that the upcoming holiday shopping season will provide crucial insights into whether any of the efforts is gaining traction with customers and helping the retailer’s bottom line. “The holiday is the acid test,” Anderson said.
Macy’s challenges this holiday season will be the same ones faced by its rivals: In a heavily promotional environment, many retailers expect to offer deep discounts on merchandise, which will likely hurt their profit margins.  And even as the economy has shown signs of improvement, consumers continue to spend only cautiously.
 
 
 
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

WGN radio going after WBBM s news listenersWGN radio going after WBBM's news listeners
Anna Davlantes
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune 2009
WGN has hired Anna Davlantes to provide hourly, 90-second news stories during the station's morning show beginning next month.
WGN has hired Anna Davlantes to provide hourly, 90-second news stories during the station's morning show beginning next month. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune 2009)
While WBBM-AM goes with the Cubs, WGN-AM is looking to make news.
WGN-AM 720 has plans to add news reports throughout the day.
When WGN-AM 720 lost the rights to broadcast Chicago Cubs games to WBBM-AM 780, it created a huge programming hole in its schedule.
It also created an opportunity to lure the rival station's potentially displaced news listeners.
Starting next week, WGN Radio will begin beefing up its news content, adding reporters and rolling out new features to provide an alternative to WBBM, which will break from its longtime news programming for at least 162 gamedays next year.
  Open link
"We're going to put more emphasis and energy into news, particularly while they're doing baseball," WGN President Jimmy de Castro said.
WGN on Monday will launch "Business Lunch," a weekday business news program going head-to-head with "The Noon Business Hour" on WBBM. The program will kick off the first hour of the Bob Sirott and Marianne Murciano afternoon show and will focus on Chicago business and tech sector news, with regular features on everything from "momtrepreneurs" to social media.
8
Meanwhile, the station's morning drive will likely get a boost from the hiring of TV news veteran Anna Davlantes, who stepped down as co-anchor of WFLD-Ch. 32's "Good Day Chicago" last year. Davlantes will join the Steve Cochran Show beginning Oct. 13 to deliver "The Big Story," a 90-second report on a trending story delivered at the bottom of each hour. The new feature will replace an hourly headline news update and will tap into social media for topics the station hopes will generate lively on-air discussion with listeners.
"We think this is the stepping off point for conversation," said Todd Manley, vice president of content and programming at Tribune Media's WGN Radio.
The station will employ a program called TopicPulse, which tracks trending news in real time, to choose the subject of "The Big Story" each hour. Davlantes will be charged with turning it into an engaging feature.
Manley says a reliance on analytics more than intuition will help the station fine-tune its editorial judgment in the age of social media. "The Big Story" also will find a home in afternoon drive, delivered by news editor Judy Pielach.
"We're going to use it as a really good source of checks and balances on how we approach stories," Manley said.
Good. I hope WGN makes 780 sweat. The WMAQ news station used to frequently spank 780, but it's gone because 780 has deeper pockets.
Terryf1055
7
The station also plans to hire additional news staff and increase its commitment to "original reporting," according to Manley. The emphasis on news reflects a return to the station's roots, a mandate under de Castro, who has brought back a number of WGN alumni since taking the reins last summer. It also reflects the reality of losing the Cubs, a part of the station's history since signing on the air in 1924.
The Cubs signed a long-term deal with CBS Radio's WBBM-AM 780 in June, seeking bigger broadcast rights fees. The current play-by-play team of Pat Hughes and Ron Coomer will move with the team to its new radio home next year.
WGN reportedly was losing money on the broadcasts and chose to exercise an option to reopen its radio contract with the team last fall. Station executives cited low ratings after the team lost a prodigious number of games in recent seasons during a protracted rebuilding process.
WBBM, which simulcasts its all-news programming on 780 AM and 105.9 FM, is a ratings and revenue powerhouse. The station is ranked No. 2 in Chicago in listenership with a 5.4 share in the latest Nielsen audience ratings for Chicago. WGN is tied for eighth with a 3.7 share.
Meanwhile, WBBM tops all Chicago radio stations in revenue, earning $42 million in over-the-air revenue last year, according to media research firm BIA/Kelsey. WGN ranked third with $29.2 million.
While WBBM will continue to air news on 105.9 FM during the Cubs broadcasts, the AM signal will shift to sports, opening the door for WGN to snare news listeners. The launch of WGN's "Business Lunch" next week is the first volley in what promises to be a heated radio war.
"That's their turf and I'm sure that they're going to do everything they can to protect it," Manley said.

Mortgage rates fall back after high8
The average rate on a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage was 4.20 percent this week, down from 4.23 percent last week, Freddie Mac said in its weekly survey. Rates had hit a four-month high last week.
Meanwhile, the average rate on a 15-year, fixed-rate mortgage was 3.36 percent, compared with 3.37 percent last week.

Wall St. slumps as Apple drags; S&P breaks support levelWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Enchanting Du Pont estate garden:  As if the fairies created it0
Planning, planting, pruning and tweaking the 60 acres of wild gardens here was the lifelong passion of Henry Francis du Pont, who studied agriculture and horticulture at Harvard. He started in 1915 and hired his childhood friend, Marian Cruger Coffin, one of the first women in America to become a landscape architect. She designed the elegant reflecting pool at Winterthur and collaborated with Mr. du Pont on a sundial garden.
"What she accomplished here is pretty special. She did a master plan of the garden. I don't know that I've ever seen a finer landscape drawing," said Strand, director of estate and gardens at Winterthur.
In 1929, in a glade near the reflecting pool, a waterfall was created, and it spills into a large pond filled with koi. On hot summer days, Strand said, that spot feels 15 degrees cooler.
A more recent addition to the property is a 3-acre enchanted woods that is a short walk from the visitors' center. It regularly attracts children and is filled with objects Henry Francis du Pont collected. So strong was du Pont's desire to collect that his wife, Ruth, affectionately called him "Squirrel," according to a history of the family and Winterthur written by Maggie Lidz.
Beneath the oaks that form a canopy over the enchanted woods is a Tulip Tree House made of that hollow tulip poplar mentioned earlier. There's a fairy ring made of mushrooms that emits a watery mist when children step inside it, a cottage with a genuine thatched roof, a giant birds' nest and a troll bridge. Staff members searched old barns and out buildings at Winterthur to find objects for the enchanted woods.
"The garden was designed as though the fairies created it to bring the daughters of Mr. du Pont back to play," Strand said, adding that no trees were moved or cut on Oak Hill.
The main garden consists primarily of spring blooms such as as azaleas, peonies and rhododendrons.
"The big display is through the beginning of June," Strand said, adding that the quiet summer phase features ferns and hostas. In the fall, autumn bulbs blaze with color.
The March Bank, the first part of the garden to bloom, was Mr. du Pont's project for 60 of his 89 years. He made lists of bloom cycles throughout the year. When he lived there, he took two long walks through the garden each day.
"He was a very creative guy. It's a wild garden filled with drifts of bulbs and perennials and azaleas and shrubs and big beautiful trees. He was sort of a magician with color," Strand said.
The garden also reflects Du Pont's fascination with Asian cultivars of azaleas that he imported from China and Japan. For Azalea Woods, he used masses of the pink shrubs that flower in spring. That may seem an obvious choice, Strand said, but it's not.
"Pink can really clash with so many other colors and look tasteless and ugly. Here, it feels very elegant and beautiful."
An early part of the garden is the pinetum, which was begun in 1918 and features an eye-popping blue Atlas cedar and other dramatic conifers. The sundial garden was d Pont's last big project with Coffin.
"It's filled with old-fashioned plants enormous quince, lilacs, spyrea and magnolias around the perimeter," Strand said. They sort of pulled out all the stops to get that lush display of flowers."
(c)2014 Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Visit the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette at http://www.post-gazette.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services
PHOTOS (from MCT Photo Service, 312-222-4194):

Should you do your own garage-door maintenance0
To ensure that your system operates smoothly, quietly and safely, it's wise to inspect it periodically, as often as monthly. Here's what garage door pros who've earned top ratings from Angie's List members recommend:
Evaluate visually: Make sure springs aren't rusty, broken or on the verge of breaking. (Be cautious around the springs, as they are under extreme tension. Unless you really know what you're doing, leave repair, replacement or adjusting of springs to a pro.) Look for loose fasteners, worn tracks and hinges, frayed cables or crooked roller wheels. Some rollers need to be replaced after three or four years. Springs typically last five to 10 years, depending on the amount of usage.
Test the automatic reversal system: Required by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission since 1991, this feature causes the door to immediately stop and return to the open position when it detects an obstruction. To test your door's auto-stop feature, place an object, such as a cinder block, in the path of the closing door. When the door contacts the object, it should quickly reverse itself.
Test the infrared motion system: This feature, about six inches off the ground, should if an obstruction moves within range cause a closing door to stop and reverse itself.
Test the emergency manual release: This is a bright red handle that hangs from a rope. If the door were to malfunction or the system lose power during an outage, you should be able to pull the release and move the door up and down on your own.
However, if the door won't move easily, don't force it. Call a pro instead. Likewise, call an expert if the door gets stuck in a partially open, crooked position. You don't want the door to crash down should the spring system be unable to counterbalance the weight.
Tighten loose bolts and lubricate moving parts: Use garage door lubricant, silicone spray or powdered graphite on rollers, hinges and springs. Every three to four years, wipe springs with motor oil. (But avoid lubricating old, rusty springs because they could break.) Wipe the door opener chain with a light oil, as spraying may make a mess.
To hire a pro for an annual inspection and tune-up, expect to pay $100 to $120. Angie's List members report paying between $100 and $300 for garage door repairs, such as roller or spring replacement. Service after hours or on weekends may add $100 to $150.
The cost to install a new door ranges from $700 to $1,500 or more, depending on size and materials. Insulation and windows add to the price. An opener system adds $350 to $500.
When hiring a garage door service provider, look for companies with good consumer ratings, who provide proof of insurance and appropriate licensing, and who have an established location.
(Angie Hicks is the founder of Angie's List, a resource for local consumer reviews on everything from home repair to health care. Follow her on Twitter @Angie Hicks.)
Distributed by MCT Information Services

Cashin: Very broad sellingCashin: Very broad selling
Thursday, 25 Sep 2014 | 10:52  AM ET
Art Cashin, UBS director of floor operations, weighs on the market selloff and if this is the start of something bigger. Cashin says the riskier elements around the market are being hit right now.
SHARES

Could erode investor confidence  hike import bill  say industry bodiesNEW DELHI, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 00:17 IST
Could erode investor confidence, hike import bill, say industry bodies
Mahim Pratap Singh
coal
Apex chambers of commerce and industry, on Wednesday, expressed apprehension over the Supreme Court order cancelling all but four coal block licences allocated since 1993, with major industry bodies predicting erosion of investor confidence and an increase in the country’s import bill.
The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry expressed the hope that the SC verdict would be “quickly followed” up by the government constituting a framework to reallocate the cancelled blocks on the principles of transparent allocation and competitive bidding.
FICCI President Sidharth Birla hoped that the decision would act as a precursor to a review of coal sector policy paving the way for full-fledged coal reforms starting with amendment in Coal Mines Nationalisation Act, 1973, and Mine Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, to facilitate entry of private entities in coal exploration and mining.
“The cancellation of coal blocks involves significant investments and will obviously impact the economy and investment climate, therefore, a quick response from the government will help allay the apprehensions,” said Mr. Birla.
The Confederation of Indian Industry said the judgment had created uncertainty and would likely impact key sectors including steel, mining and power. The power sector, the largest consumer of coal, it said, would be particularly affected owing to shortage of fuel.
“While the judgement may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will jeopardise the investments made in the sector. It will raise questions on sanctity of government policies impacting the investment climate,” CII President Ajay Shriram said, reacting to the judgment.
“A bit harsh”
Terming the judgment “a bit harsh”, Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) said it would lead to increased imports. “Our main concern is…the…negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown,” Assocham President Rana Kapoor said.

JPVL  RPower call off talksUpdated: September 25, 2014 00:07 IST
JPVL, RPower call off talks
Special Correspondent
merger, acquisition and takeover
Jaiprakash Power Ventures limited (JPVL) which was in the process of reducing debt has called off talks with Reliance Power to sell its three hydro power plants with a combined capacity of 1700 MW due to disagreement on valuation. Both the companies had entered into exclusive talks two months back for a deal estimated over Rs.12,000 crore.
“For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group has been called off,” JPVL said in a filing with the stock exchanges. Jaypee Group Chairman Manoj Gaur in a statement said that he was “determined to take steps in the larger interest of shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country.”
However, Reliance Power said talks failed due to regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues which impacted valuations. “Reliance Power remains committed to delivering sustainable long-term shareholder value through its operating growth strategies,” the company said.
According to officials involved in the deal, talks failed due to lack of clarity on the 1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo (KW) project of JPVL.

Hindalco on consolidation phaseUpdated: September 24, 2014 23:57 IST
Hindalco on consolidation phase
The Hindu Kumar Mangalam Birla (left), Chairman, with Rajashree Birla, Board of Director, Hindalco Industries Ltd., at the company's 55th annual meeting held in Mumbai on Wednesday. Photo: Shashi Ashiwal
TOPICS
company information
With the commissioning of three greenfield projects, Hindalco’s alumina and aluminium capacity will be doubled.
The commissioning of greenfield projects to double the alumina and aluminium capacity will redefine Hindalco’s cost competitiveness on the global map, Chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla said here on Wednesday. Addressing shareholders at the 55th annual general meeting (AGM) of the Aditya Birla group’s flagship company, Mr. Birla said 2013-14 was a challenging year for the company, “replete with external adversities, among these featured depressed metal prices, de-growth in metal consumption in India and subdued growth in other emerging markets.”
The company’s copper business delivered an outstanding performance, according to Mr. Birla, and cushioned the pressure on aluminium margins. He said “the virtue of a balanced portfolio in the metal businesses stands vindicated.”
However, he said that notwithstanding the market related headwinds, 2013-14 had been a ‘watershed year’ for the company. During 2013-14, Hindalco had undertaken a capital expenditure of Rs.9,300 crore and its three greenfield projects — Utkal Alumina, Mahan Aluminium and Aditya Aluminium — went on stream and are now ramping up.
With the commissioning of these projects, Hindalco’s alumina and aluminium capacity will be doubled — alumina from 1.5 million tonnes to 3 million tonnes and aluminium from 0.6 million tonnes to 1.3 million tonnes. “These projects, in the fullness of time, will redefine Hindalco’s cost competitiveness on the global map. It will significantly enhance the long term sustainability of its operations.”
Mr. Birla said that with most of the projects coming to fruition, the company was moving into the consolidation phase.
“The ramping up of all these projects will enable us to achieve discontinuous growth ahead. Importantly, these projects will facilitate capturing value across the aluminium chain on a sustainable basis.”

Metal firms face the heat of SC ruling on coal blocksUpdated: September 25, 2014 00:24 IST
Metal firms face the heat of SC ruling on coal blocks
Lalatendu Mishra
coal
The banking sector is also expected to suffer
The Supreme Court ruling, cancelling 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993, will adversely affect all companies whose mines have been de-allocated. The worst affected would be the ones which had already invested and started mining operations and their lenders.
Jindal Steel Power Ltd (JSPL) would be the hardest hit as three of its mines — Gare Palma 1 (operational), Jatpur and Utkal B1 both slated for production — have been de-allocated. Besides, JSPL is expected to pay a penalty of Rs.3,000 crore. Reacting to the SC ruing, JSPL stock plunged 15 per cent but closed with a loss of 10 per cent at Rs.189.70 on the BSE on Wednesday.
Others with operational mines such as CSES, Hindalco, Monnet Ispat, Prakash Industries and Usha Martin will be affected. Hindalco will be the least affected though three of its coal blocks — Talabira 1 (operational), Mahan and Talabira II coal blocks (both non-operational) — have been de-allocated. The company is expected to pay a penalty of Rs.350 crore.
“Hindalco is less affected. Apart from the penalty amount, the company will have to write-off the investment made so far. The SC ruling is negative. The market was expecting that the SC would impose a retrospective penalty and will allow companies already running the mines to retain the blocks. The loans that are outstanding will be a bone of contention,” said Ambareesh Baliga, independent market analyst.
Hindalco Chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla told shareholders in Mumbai that “There is a six months transition period and I am sure the government will have an action plan. We will wait.”
Hindalco stock, which plunged 8 per cent, recovered and closed with a loss of 0.48 per cent at Rs.156.30. Reacting to the SC ruling, the BSE Metal index plunged 4 per cent.
Tata Steel, Tata Power, Balco, JSW Steel and Nalco have also been affected.
“Tata Power had two coal blocks jointly allocated to it, along with others. We would look forward to opportunities of having a new, legally enforceable framework by which coal blocks could be awarded, perhaps at an early time,” Tata Power said in a statement.
The banking sector is also expected to suffer.
“We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation,” said Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairman, State Bank of India.
“While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will jeopardise the investments made in the sector. The government will need to expedite reallocating the cancelled producing blocks,” says Ajay Shriram, President, CII.
At present, about 42 blocks are producing coal to the tune of 53 million tonnes and account for 10 per cent of the total coal supplied in the country.

ISRO team presents first MOM pictures of Mars to PM Narendra ModiPrint
ISRO scientists presenting pictures of Mars to PM Narendra Modi. (Picture Courtesy: Twitter)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:49 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:01 pm
A team of ISRO scientists on Thursday presented the first pictures of the Red Planet sent by Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The team, led by ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and ISRO Scientific Secretary V Koteswara Rao, flew in here to hand over to pictures to the PM.
“A team of @isro scientists presented the 1st pictures from #Mangalyaan today morning. @isro,” the PM tweeted.
Earlier, ISRO had posted the first picture sent by the spacecraft on its twitter handle.
“1st image of Mars, from a height of 7300 km; with 376m spatial resolution. MT @MarsOrbiter The view is nice up here,” ISRO tweeted.
1st image of Mars, from a height of 7300 km; with 376m spatial resolution. MT @MarsOrbiter The view is nice up here. pic.twitter.com/RbqmnSyyFp
— ISRO (@isro) September 25, 2014
To this, PM responded, “Yes, I agree @MarsOrbiter, the view is indeed nice up there! @isro.”
Modi was present at the ISRO complex in Bangalore on Wednesday and witnessed the success of the mission on its maiden attempt itself. He had heaped praise on the scientists.
Yes, I agree @MarsOrbiter, the view is indeed nice up there! @isro, tweeted PM Modi.

CSR tops mid-cap index on takeover talk© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ffc6618-4491-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sports Directs Ashley takes bet on TescoSports Direct’s Mike Ashley takes bet on Tesco with options deal
By Andrea Felsted
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd337750-4484-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India rich list: First time ever  top 100 are all billionaires; Mukesh Ambani topsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Will Saradha do to Didi what Bofors did to RajivWill Saradha do to Didi what Bofors did to Rajiv?
Avijit Ghosal , Hindustan Times  Kolkata , September 25, 2014
First Published: 12:08 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:19 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
1984: Rajiv Gandhi-led Congress wins 404 seats in a 533-seat Lok Sabha (76% of the seats).
1986: A $285 million contract is signed between Swedish arms company Bofors and Indian government for the supply of howitzers.
April 1987: Swedish radio alleges kickbacks have been paid to top Swedish and Indian politicians to secure the deal; media is flooded with reports that Rajiv Gandhi is one of the direct beneficiaries.
1989: Congress bites the dust in the Lok Sabha polls. Ends up with just 197 seats.
 
Cut to 2011: Mamata Banerjee leads Trinamool Congress to a stunning victory in West Bengal, winning 187 of the 293 seats (64% of the seats)
2013-14: Saradha scam explodes; media full of reports that top Trinamool leaders are direct beneficiaries. Her own party MP labels Mamata Banerjee as the “biggest beneficiary”.
Comparisons in politics are odious, but there are some chilling similarities. At a perception level, the Saradha muck is sticking to Trinamool Congress leaders, but more importantly to chief minister Mamata Banerjee as well.
 
If politics is 99% perception, 1% reality, as paraded, this could hurt Banerjee much like it hurt her ‘early life mentor in the Congress’ 25 years ago.
 
Like Rajiv Gandhi, Banerjee also came to power riding on a corruption-free image. For many, incorruptible is the word associated with her.
Rajiv Gandhi's tenure as prime minister was hurt by allegations over Bofors gun deal. (HT file photo)
The shadow of the Saradha chit fund scam, however, is hounding her government unlike any other challenge she has encountered in her stint in power so far.
 
One of the factors that drove Banerjee’s historic sweep in the 2011 assembly elections in Bengal was the image of a woman who preferred to lead an austere, almost ascetic, life to serve the people.
 
She was someone who did not need much beyond a coarse saree, rubber slippers, a functional watch, a jhola and a few hairpins to keep her oiled hair in place, apart from endless cups of tea and a few helpings of puffed rice.
 
“It’s this image, the trump card of the party that has got sullied in the Saradha storm,” says a top executive of a foreign firm in Kolkata.
 
This executive, who used to work as a senior bureaucrat, thinks the erosion of this advantage is a setback to the entire package of beliefs that ‘Brand Mamata’ represents.
 
As 2014 tentatively pushed into autumn, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers raised the slogan “Gali gali me shor hai, Mamata Banerjee chor hai”. This was hitherto unthinkable in Kolkata, and anywhere in Bengal, and perhaps even beyond.
 
Apart from heralding a completely new era in the way the opposition addresses Banerjee, this slogan also immediately revived memories of Left sloganeering in 1986-87 in the city when the Bofors kickbacks began to badger Gandhi.
 
Courts have failed to establish any links between the two, but India’s modern political history shows the shadow has never truly vanished.
 
It is the same history that raises the crucial question — will Banerjee pay as heavy a political price as Gandhi had 25 years ago?
 
Despite the rising clamour in media and civil society, Trinamool leaders cite electoral results to suggest otherwise. 
 
Banerjee won the 2013 panchayat elections with a thumping majority and had to settle for a 1:1 split with the BJP in the 2014 Lok Sabha by-elections.
 
“The panchayat polls in June-July 2013 came in the thick of the Saradha scam and were held in the belts where the Saradha victims lived. But we won 13 out of the 17 zilla parishads, establishing complete dominance over all three tiers – gram panchayats, panchayat samitis and zilla parishads,” said one of her senior ministers who did not want to be named.
 
The opposition, however, points out that the probes did not pinpoint ruling party leaders as the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is doing now.
 
They hope more and more Trinamool leaders and ministers will be dragged into the investigation before the state heads of assembly polls in 2016.
 
But then most leaders admit turning sentiment into votes requires organisation across the state, something that none of the opposition parties has at the moment.
 
Samik Bhattacharya, the first BJP MLA to win in Bengal on his own, is not pulling his punches.
 
“It (Saradha) will cost Mamata more dearly. Rajiv Gandhi had a century-old party with a structure to fall back on. Trinamool Congress is a one-person party. The entire system will collapse once the leader’s image is gone,” he says.
 
Political analysts are guarded.
 
“It’s quite likely that Saradha may turn out to be Mamata Banerjee’s Bofors. Let me tell you, anti-incumbency has already set in among a large and growing section of the urban voters. It will take some time to spread to the rural sections,” says Amal Mukhopadhyay, retired principal of Presidency College and a professor of political science.
 
“But in 2016, I don’t rule out a thinning of the thumping majority that Trinamool enjoys in the current assembly,” he adds.
 
The problem with Bengal’s ruling party is, it is yet to refute with logic and evidence the perception that its leaders are deeply involved in the Saradha scam.
 
As the scam exploded in Bengal in April 2013, the opposition immediately started alleging the entire plot was aided and abetted by leaders of the ruling party.
 
There were too many signs all around – Trinamool leaders regularly graced Saradha programmes and sung paeans to its chairperson Sudipta Sen, the kingpin of the scam.
 
A clutch of newspapers and TV channels owned by the group unquestionably campaigned for the ruling party. Even the chief minister was seen in more than one Saradha programme.
 
Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee was the first to coin a catchy phrase: “Agey uni chilen satatar pratik, ekhon hoyechen Saradhar pratik” (Earlier she was the symbol of honesty, now she is the symbol of Saradha).”
 
As 2013 drew to a close, worse followed. Banerjee’s own party MP, who was also the CEO of Saradha’s media business, alleged the CM held secret a meetings at Delo tourist lodge in Kalimpong (North Bengal hills) with Sen, in which he was present along with party general secretary Mukul Roy.
 
“She was the biggest beneficiary of the entire exercise,” alleged Kunal Ghosh publicly. Over the past one year, none from the party logically refuted what Ghosh claimed, apart from labelling it as the ranting of a ‘thief’.
A suspended Trinamool Congress MP has alleged Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee was the biggest beneficiary of the Saradha scam. (HT file photo)
The CBI investigation into Saradha has reinforced public perception.
 
Between the Enforcement Directorate and the CBI, as many as six Trinamool MPs have been summoned; Kunal Ghosh and another party leader are in jail; and the textile minister and two assistants of the transport minister have been interrogated.
 
What’s more, another Rajya Sabha MP who heads a chit fund himself is under the scanner of the ED. And just two days ago, Sudipta Sen's driver told in public that he drove Sen to Trinamool general secretary Mukul Roy's office a mere four days before he escaped from Kolkata on April 9 last year when the Saradha empire was crumbling all around him.  And on April 7, another Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikari visited Sen at late in the night for a long meeting at the group's office.
 
Worse still, another MP has been accused of having ties with the Jamaat-e-Islami and channeling Saradha funds to the fundamentalist group in Bangladesh.
Trinamool chief Banerjee, who finds herself grappling with a raging controversy, has, however, maintained that the Left Front is to be blamed for the chit fund menace in Bengal, as most of such companies had begun operations in the previous regime.   

TripAdvisor now reveals Psychology of Travel; transformational experience  say Indian travellersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sony launches new flagship Xperia Z3 in India  prices it at Rs 51 990; cheaper Compact also availableE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal: SBI has Rs 4 130 cr exposure in impact...You are here: Home > Collections > Coal
SBI has exposure of Rs 4,130 crore in companies impacted by coal order
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 10.33PM IST
Tags:
Arundhati Bhattacharya
(State Bank of India said…)
NEW DELHI: State Bank of India today said it has exposure of about Rs 4,100 crore to companies that will be impacted by the Supreme Court order quashing 214 coal blocks.
SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya , however, added that loans extended to the power plants would not become NPA as the government had indicated that it would make some arrangement to provide coal linkage despite cancellation of mines.
"These are units where power units are getting set up. They were supposed to mine the coal thereafter use it for generation of power instead of that they will have to get coal from somewhere else," she said.
"These companies have exposure around Rs 4,130 crore. There is nothing to be unduly worried about it. The (Coal) Ministry has indicated that they will make some arrangement for giving linkages from elsewhere and also thereafter they will go for rebidding or re-auction for mines," she said.
The SBI chief, however, said that it would impact the margin of power plants. So, to that extent whatever is the margin that will determine what will be the status of that account, she said.
Emphasising that cancellation of 122 telecom licences in 2012 did not lead to huge amount of NPA, she said in this case also there will be takers and chances of assets turning bad is minimal.
Talking about stock spilt, she said, it is to ensure that volume goes up and retail investors are able to buy stocks.
"We were seeing falling of retail investors," she added. Yesterday, SBI approved sub-division of one equity share into ten.
Asked about expectation from the forthcoming monetary policy review, Bhattacharya said the RBI is likely keep interest rate unchanged.
The RBI is scheduled to announce bi-monthly monetary policy on September 30.
Later in the day, SBI in a statement said the exposure of the bank to the affected companies by cancellation of 214 coal blocks by the Supreme Court is substantially lower. It does not apprehend any major problem or difficulty in recovery of the dues.
This statement came in the light a senior advocate appearing on behalf of Coal producers' Association submitting to the Supreme Court that the SBI may suffer a loss of up to Rs 78,263 crore which is almost 7.9 per cent of its networth for the financial year 2013.
Refuting this, SBI that the above figures have not been furnished by the bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP walks out on  inflexible  Shiv Sena  says alliance has endedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mahindra and Mahindra unveils new-generation ScorpioMahindra & Mahindra launches new-gen Scorpio with more sting, prices it at Rs 7.98 lakh
fe Bureau | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
 

Jadavpur University VC enters campus  students stageprotestJU VC Abhijit Chakraborty leaves campus, after office hours amid continuing class boycott by a large section of students and teachers, in Kolkata on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:56 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 9:58 pm
The students of Jadavpur University on Thursday staged fresh protest after Vice-Chancellor Abhijit Chakraborty stepped into his office, a week after the controversial police action on agitating students.
The students sat outside his office shouting slogans demanding his resignation, stopping short of a gherao this time.
“The VC today came to the campus around 12 noon and went to his office. We have decided to continue with the academic strike unless he resigns, but we won’t gherao him,” said Gitoshree, a member of JU students’ union.
Thousands of students had marched through the city’s streets last Saturday demanding Chakraborty’s resignation. (Source: PTI)
West Bengal Governor K N Tripathi, who is the Chancellor of the university, said “outsiders” had fomented trouble inside the prestigious institution.
“As far as Jadavpur University is concerned, let the students learn, let them go for studies and let others (be) outside the campus… they (the outsiders) should not send trouble… the trouble in Jadavpur University is being sent by outsiders,” Tripathi told reporters here on Tursday.
“Let the university not be politicised… Let it be a centre of excellent education,” he added.
Asked if he has received any letter from R Chidambaram, chairman of the three-member search committee constituted by the state government, to suggest names for the post of JU Vice-Chancellor, Tripathi said, “I’ve not received any letter from anybody.”
The Vice-Chancellor’s visit to the JU campus comes on a day when a proposed march to the Kolkata Police headquarters at Lal Bazar was called off by the protesting students after the cases against them were withdrawn.
Thousands of students had marched through the city’s streets last Saturday demanding Chakraborty’s resignation.
Meanwhile, students in the JU mass communication department had boycotted their examination on September 18.

IM men wanted to adopt Maoist method to kill politicians:NIAPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:46 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:51 pm
Indian Mujahideen’s Pakistan-based founder Riyaz Bhatkal had suggested adopting tactics used in the 2013 Maoist strike in Chhattisgarh on Congress leaders for eliminating politicians, the NIA has told a Delhi court.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) said this in its supplementary charge sheet filed before a special court which on Thursday took cognisance of the final report filed against 20 suspected IM men and fixed the case for hearing on November 3.
“Accused A-10 (Riyaz Bhatkal who is absconding) has clearly stated about his wish of repeating blasts in Mumbai to teach a lesson to police. Investigation has established that accused A-10 appreciated Maoist act of killing Congress leaders and postulated that IM should also do such activity like killing political leaders,” NIA said in the charge sheet.
Maoists had last year attacked the Congress cavalcade in Chhattisgarh in which 27 people, including the party’s top leaders, were killed.
The charge sheet further said that absconding IM member Mirza Shadab Beg had “allied” with top terror group al Qaeda for exploring the availability of fidayeen attack in India.
“The accused A-16 (Beg) allied with the al Qaeda and was exploring the availability of fidayeen i.e. suicide attacker from the al Qaeda for terrorist act in India. The accused formed a sub-group of IM operatives which allied with other absconding jihadi terrorists from different states of India who had taken shelter in Pakistan, for the furtherance of terrorist activities within India,” it said.
It also claimed Beg had travelled to bordering areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan for meeting the operatives of international terrorist organisations like the al Qaeda and the Taliban.
The NIA has named suspected top IM men Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal, Tahseen Akhtar, Ariz Khan, Md Sajid, Shahnawaz Alam,
Beg, Amir Reza Khan, Md Khalid, Mohsin Choudhary, Haider Ali, Md Saleem Ishaqui and Afif Jailani as accused in the case.
Besides them, alleged IM men Abu Rashid, Zia-ur-Rehman, Abdul Khadir Sultan Armar, Md Shafi Armar, Md Hussain Farhan, Md Rashid and Anwar Hussain were also named in the charge sheet by the NIA.
It, however, did not find enough evidence to charge sheet suspected SIMI operative Abu Faisal in the case.
“However, sufficient prosecutable evidence establishing the role of the aforesaid accused person (Abu Faisal) in the instant case of conspiracy of IM could not be obtained,” it said.
Out of the 20 accused named in the charge sheet by NIA, 17 have not been arrested yet while three others, Tehsin Akhtar, Haidar Ali and Zia-ur-Rehman, are in judicial custody in connection with the case relating to a larger conspiracy of the IM to carry out terror activities across the country.
All these accused have been chargesheeted for the offences under various sections of IPC, including 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 121 (waging war against the country), 121-A (conspiracy to wage war) and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
NIA is probing the alleged roles of 33 suspected IM men in the case out of which 29 have been chargesheeted by it.
The agency had earlier filed two charge sheets in the case against nine suspected IM operatives, continued…
The charge sheet further said that absconding IM member Mirza Shadab Beg had "allied" with top terror group al Qaeda for exploring the availability of fidayeen attack in India.

Gogoi to make aerial survey of flood-hit GoalparatomorrowPrint
Press Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:44 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:47 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi will make an aerial survey of flood-ravaged areas of Goalpara district on Friday to take stock of the situation there.
On Thursday a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office said Goalpara is the worst affected district where 16 people have lost their lives so far because of the floods.
Gogoi will also visit the relief camps opened by the district administration at Balbala, Agia and Bhalukdubi.
Besides, he is also scheduled to meet district officials at Goalpara town to take stock of the flood situation, the statement said.
The chief minister will be accompanied by senior officials of the Water Resources and Revenue and Disaster Management Departments.

Govt invites cos to invest in defence sectorYou are here: Home > Collections > Sourcing
Bid to attract Indian, foreign firms to invest in defence sector
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 08.45PM IST
(Attracting domestic investors,…)
NEW DELHI: To attract Indian and foreign manufacturers to invest in the defence sector, the government has said there were immense opportunities for them under its massive military modernisation programme.
The government has cited "country's extensive modernisation plans, an increased focus on homeland security and India's growing attractiveness as a defence sourcing hub, besides high government allocation for defence expenditure" as the reasons to invest on the Make in India programme.
The government said India's 60 per cent current needs in defence are catered by imports and opening of the strategic defence sector for private sector participation will help foreign original equipment manufacturers to enter into strategic partnerships with Indian companies and also aim at global business.
"Besides helping build domestic capabilities, this will bolster exports in the long term...there is government policy of promoting self-reliance, indigenisation, technology upgradation and achieving economies of scale and developing capabilities for exports in the defence sector," it said.
Attracting domestic investors, government has said there are opportunities worth over Rs 2.5 lakh crore in defence offsets in the next few years.
The government also listed its decision to increase FDI limit in defence sector from 26 to 49 per cent along with delicensing of defence industrial manufacturing as the reasons for the investors to start manufacturing in the country.
It said there are opportunities for manufacturers to invest money in "defence products manufacturing, supply chain sourcing opportunity and defence offsets."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meghalaya economic blockade hits Tripura  MizoramsuppliesPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:35 pm
An economic blockade called by Movement for Indigenous Peoples’ Rights and Livelihood-Meghalaya (MIPRL) since Tuesday has severely affected movement of trucks and other commercial vehicles on NH44 – lifeline for Tipura, Mizoram, southern Manipur and southern Assam – for the third day on Thursday.
The MIPRL has called the indefinite blockade demanding withdrawal a ban the National Green Tribunal (NGT) had imposed on coal mining in Meghalaya. The economic blockade has led to clashes between police and protestors, prompting the police to open fire at Khliehriat in East Jaintia Hills district in Meghalaya Wednesday evening. Two persons including a woman were killed and five others were injured in the firing. The authorities have imposed curfew in view of the clashes.
“Hundreds of goods-laden trucks, passenger buses, small cars and other vehicles bound for southern Assam, Tripura and Mizoram have been stranded in different places of NH 44 in Meghalaya,” reports quoting an official in Agartala said today.
The agitators most also pelted stones and damaged some vehicles, reports said. NH 44 links Tripura, Mizoram and southern Assam to the rest of India through Meghalaya, and in the absence of broad-guage rail link, this highway is the most vital lifeline for these states.
The Tripura government meanwhile has approached the Meghalaya government to intervene and restore normal movement of vehicles on NH44 through the state. Prolonged blockade would trigge off scarcity of essential items including foodgrains in Tripura, Mizoram and southern Assam, reports added.
Torrential rains meanwhile has further added to the woes with landslides blocking NH44 at Tansen, about 50 kms south of Shillong, the Meghalaya capital.
Meanwhile, the only metre-gauge rail link between Lumding in Assam and Tripura will remain shut for six months from October 1 in view of guage conversion between Lumding and Silchar. This metre-gauge rail link also connects Bairabi in Mizoram and Jiribam in southern Manipur to the rest of the country.

China sets condition to end standoff: Dont build road nearLACPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:23 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 10:26 pm
To end the standoff along Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Ladakh, China has demanded that the Indian Army give up construction of a road, which they have planned to build along the undefined border. Sources said China has also asked India to destroy the canals which are being constructed from NREGA funds in Demchok sector of Ladakh.
India has also objected to a bridge, which China has constructed on their side in Chumar over the past six months. Hours before a flag meeting was to be held on Thursday between India and China, two face-offs were reported in Chumar, a source said.
“The Chinese have raised objection to road construction material, which the Army has brought in to build the road in Chumar. They are asking India to remove the construction material and have put this as a pre-requisite to end the stand-off,” said a senior official.
The two issues were raised during the flag meeting held on Thursday on request of the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA). Details of the meeting were not immediately known.
“We are not going to destroy the canals that are well within our territory and are being built from NREGA funds. The problem is that the civilian population on India’s side has thinned down due to lack of infrastructure, while across the border in China, the civilian population has gone up due to better facilities,” said the official.
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval is monitoring the situation along LAC on a regular basis.
The stand-off, which started on September 10, has refused to die down and the buildup has increased at least at eight locations in Ladakh.
“Of these eight locations, there are at least four points where the two sides are engaged in eyeball-to-eyeball stand-off,” said the official.
India has asked its troops to interdict Chinese troops as and when possible and be aggressive in posturing along the border. “Three days after the build-up began, the Chinese also conducted air sorties violating airspace. We have also strongly objected to this during the previous flag meetings,” said the official.
 

US govt  experts warn of major cyber security hole‘Bash’ poses a bigger cyber threat than ‘Heartbleed’
Reuters
print
A newly discovered security bug in a widely used piece of Linux software, known as "Bash," could pose a bigger threat to computer users than the "Heartbleed" bug that surfaced in April, cyber experts warned on Wednesday.
Bash is the software used to control the command prompt on many Unix computers. Hackers can exploit a bug in Bash to take complete control of a targeted system, security experts said.
The Department of Homeland Security's United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team, or US-CERT, issued an alert saying the vulnerability affected Unix-based operating systems including Linux and Apple Inc's Mac OS X.
The "Heartbleed" bug allowed hackers to spy on computers but not take control of them, according to Dan Guido, chief executive of a cybersecurity firm Trail of Bits.
"The method of exploiting this issue is also far simpler. You can just cut and paste a line of code and get good results."
Tod Beardsley, an engineering manager at cybersecurity firm Rapid7, warned the bug was rated a "10" for severity, meaning it has maximum impact, and rated "low" for complexity of exploitation, meaning it is relatively easy for hackers to launch attacks.
"Using this vulnerability, attackers can potentially take over the operating system, access confidential information, make changes, et cetera," Beardsley said.
"Anybody with systems using Bash needs to deploy the patch immediately."
US-CERT advised computer users to obtain operating systems updates from software makers. It said that Linux providers including Red Hat Inc had already prepared them, but it did not mention an update for OS X. Apple representatives could not be reached.
Tavis Ormandy, a Google Inc security researcher, said via Twitter that the patches seemed "incomplete." Ormandy could not be reached to elaborate, but several security experts said a brief technical comment provided on Twitter raised concerns.
"That means some systems could be exploited even though they are patched," said Chris Wysopal, chief technology officer with security software maker Veracode.
He said corporate security teams had spent the day combing their networks to find vulnerable machines and patch them, and they would likely be taking other precautions to mitigate the potential for attacks in case the patches proved ineffective.
"Everybody is scrambling to patch all of their Internet-facing Linux machines. That is what we did at Veracode today," he said. "It could take a long time to get that done for very large organizations with complex networks."
"Heartbleed," discovered in April, is a bug in an open-source encryption software called OpenSSL. The bug put the data of millions of people at risk as OpenSSL is used in about two-thirds of all websites. It also forced dozens of technology companies to issue security patches for hundreds of products that use OpenSSL.
Bash is a shell, or command prompt software, produced by the non-profit Free Software Foundation. Officials with that group could not be reached for comment.

Beijing: Quiet diplomacy on to resolve  inevitable  incursionprint
Incursions along the Sino-India border were sometimes inevitable, China said on Thursday even as quiet diplomatic efforts in Beijing were on to resolve the issue that cast a shadow over President Xi Jinping’s visit to India last week.
Indian envoy to China, AK Kantha had a series of meetings with officials from foreign and defence ministries along with officers from the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) soon after he returned from New Delhi following Xi’s visit.
Indian diplomats here refused to talk about the meetings with Chinese officials but there were indications that the issue of the latest round of incursions in the Ladakh area will be resolved soon.
Read: Is aggression a China ploy to keep India in check?
The “outcome” of the meetings in Beijing would be revealed soon, it was learnt.
“As we all know, Sino-Indian border has not been demarcated, sometimes a case is inevitable, but will not affect the overall situation of Sino-Indian friendly cooperation,” defence ministry spokesperson, Geng Yansheng, said at the monthly press briefing on Thursday.
“Some problems occurred in the border area, with smoother lines of communication on both sides, to be resolved properly through dialogue and consultation, joint control situation, maintaining peace and stability in the border areas,” Geng said, according to a transcript of the media briefing put up on the defence ministry website.
Read: Eye on border, China fanning intra-sect rivalry: Ladakh's Buddhist leader
“I would like once again to stress that Sino-Indian border has not been demarcated, sometimes some individual cases are inevitable. The important thing is that both sides should seriously implement relevant agreements signed by the two countries, enhance mutual understanding and trust, strengthen dialogue and cooperation, and jointly maintain peace and stability in border areas,” Geng said.
He added: “On the recent situation, both sides will communicate effectively through relevant mechanisms. Currently, the events have received timely and effective control”.
Citing the bilateral Border Defence Cooperation Agreement (BDCA) signed last year, Geng said that the many elements of this agreement are already implemented or being implemented.
Read: With canal and hut, India stands up to China on disputed frontier
He added that For example, in case of a confrontation, both sides should exercise utmost restraint, hold flag meetings along the Line of Actual Control (LAC).
The spokesperson added that according to the joint statement issued during Xi’s India visit, it was agreed that peace and tranquility in the border areas between China and India is the guarantee of development and sustained growth of bilateral relations.

