Decision on gas pricing put off againNew Delhi, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 01:47 IST
Decision on gas pricing put off again
Mahim Pratap Singh
The decision to defer the revision of gas prices by another 45 days was taken at a meeting of the Union Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The government on Wednesday postponed the decision on revising gas prices till November 15.
The decision to defer the revision of gas prices by another 45 days was taken at a meeting of the Union Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The decision was conveyed by Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad.
Earlier, the NDA government had deferred the implementation of the Rangarajan formula, approved by the previous UPA-regime, till September 30. The Rangarajan committee recommendations would have led to a doubling of gas prices to USD 8.4 per million per British thermal unit.
Last year, the UPA government had approved pricing suggested by the C. Rangarajan panel, re-confirming it in December 2013 with certain conditions for Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
The Rangarajan formula, however, could not come into effect due to the general elections being announced and the EC asking the government to defer it till the end of polls.

21 Photos Prove You Really DO Look Like Your Dogs (Some Of You Anyway)Some people really do look like their dogs, and as HuffPost Science reported last week, there's plenty of scientific evidence to prove it .
But just to be sure, we decided to conduct our own little experiment, asking readers to submit photos of themselves with their pets. It wasn't exactly science, but the results sure were fun. Just scroll down to see a countdown of our favorites -- from dogs that look NOTHING like their owners to dogs and owners who seem to be full doppelgangers.
And while we're not so sure the owners in #17 look like their pooch, they sure do look like each other.
Did we get the rankings right? Sound off in the comments below!
21

Bayada eyes tie-up with more hospitalshealthcare provider
US based home healthcare firm Bayada Home Healthcare is looking to tie up with more hospital chains in India.
The privately held firm with $1 billion revenue is looking at India as a major market for expansion outside the US. The home healthcare services are mainly nursing or medical services provided at home.
“Home Healthcare market in India is at a very nascent stage and highly unorganized. With growing middle class and NRI population the demand for home healthcare would increase,” J. Mark Baiada, founder, Bayada Home Healthcare said.
In 2013, Bayada picked up a 26 per cent stake in Chennai-based India Home Health Care. India Home Health Care currently operates in Chennai and Bangalore and caters to 3000 patients annually. The firm recently entered a 30:70 joint venture with Gujarat-based Sterling Group of Hospitals to offer home healthcare services in Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan. It currently has tie up with Mehta Hospitals and Fortis Malar Hospitals.
Mr. Baiada said the firm would be looking to tie-up with more hospital chains which would be done through India Home Health Care.
He also said it is easy to scale up the model as it is service oriented and not capital intensive.

Philips Innovation Campus develops eight productsUpdated: September 26, 2014 23:03 IST
Philips Innovation Campus develops eight products
Special Correspondent
new product
Indicating that business at Philips India would remain the same after the proposed global restructuring, its Vice- Chairman and Managing Director Krishna Kumar said that the Philips Innovation Campus (PIC) in Bangalore had begun playing a major role in worldwide product development .
“Over the last 18 months, PIC has developed eight products which have been launched globally,” he said adding that this included a compact ultra-sound device whose portability would enable it to be used even in a rural health care centre.
PIC would focus on healthcare to support Philips’ inorganic growth in various geographies.
PIL’s India business is split equally between its lighting solutions division and healthcare and technology division. “It will be split into two entities by 2016 once all the regulatory approvals are received,” he said. PIL’s turnover was around Rs.6,000 crore. He said that the company was now moving from curative health to preventive health. The company’s future strategy here was to focus on LED transformation, expansion of retail footprints and reaching out in Tier II cities, Mr. Krishnakumar said.

California Cities Crack Down on Ride-Sharing FirmsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Letter to the editor: Unfortunate prohibitionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hong Kong police arrest student activistsHK group launches civil disobedience campaign
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e1cf404-459d-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong police arrest student leaderHK group launches civil disobedience campaign
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e1cf404-459d-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ahead of PM visit  US launched probe into India s trade policiesAhead of PM visit  US launched probe into India s trade policies
Jayalalithaa convicted in corruption case  gets 4 yrs in jail  Rs 100 crore fineJayalalithaa convicted in corruption case, gets 4 yrs in jail, Rs 100 crore fine
BS Reporter | Bangalore/Chennai Sep 27, 2014 11:04 PM IST
 
In a ruling that could have a far-reaching impact on the politics of Tamil Nadu, a trial court on Saturday sentenced Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and three other co-accused to four years in jail in an 18-year-old Rs 66.65-crore disproportionate-asset case. Additionally, a hefty penalty of Rs 100 crore was imposed on Jayalalithaa.
The Supreme Court had ruled last year that if a law maker is found guilty of corruption and gets a sentence of more than two years, he or she immediately loses membership of a legislative body. So, conviction and sentencing imply that Jayalalithaa ceases to be a member of the Tamil Nadu legislative Assembly with immediate effect and will not be able to contest elections for the next 10 years (she will not be able to contest polls for six years after completing her jail term).
The other three sentenced on Saturday are Jayalalithaa’s close aides Sasikala Natarajan, Ilavarasi and foster son Sudhakaran. They will have to pay Rs 10 crore each as fine. If any of the convicted persons fails to pay the fine, he or she will have to serve an additional year in jail.
Earlier in the day, Jayalalithaa and the others arrived in Bangalore, where a special court was to pronounce its verdict, in a special flight and were taken for medical examination.
The judgment was pronounced at a makeshift court set up at Gandhi Bhavan near the Parappana Agrahara jail in Southeast Bangalore.
John Michael D’Cunha, the special court judge, read out the 1,300-page judgment, convicting Jayalalithaa under Section 13 (1) (E) of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. She was proved to have misused her office and amassed crores of rupees that were disproportionate with her known sources of income.
Soon after the sentence was pronounced, Jayalalithaa and others were taken into judicial custody and sent to a state-run hospital for medical check-up. Special public prosecutor G Bhavani Singh said: “All the four convicted persons, including Jayalalithaa, will be lodged in the central jail here.”
ALSO READ:  Aditi Phadnis: Jayalalithaa - On a verdict and a prayer
Singh also clarified that a bail application could not be moved in a lower court as the sentence was of more than three years of jail term. Jayalalitha could, however, appeal in either the Karnataka or Tamil Nadu high court for relief from the jail sentence. “The fine will be recovered through sale of property, including jewellery and land seized during the trial,” he added.
According to lawyers, Jayalalithaa is unlikely to get bail anytime soon — at least for a year. Filing an appeal in the high court will take some time.
Disturbances and street protests broke out in Bangalore, as well as several towns and cities of Tamil Nadu, after the court’s decision. The police took nearly 500 persons into custody from outside the Bangalore court and extended the prohibitory orders to up to five km from the special court premises till Saturday midnight.
QUICK RECALL
A timeline of the case
1996
Jun 14: Subramanian Swamy files a complaint against J Jayalalithaa
Jun 18: The then DMK government registers FIR against Jayalalithaa for having assets disproportionate with her known source of income
1997
Jun 4: Chargesheet filed in the Rs 66.65-crore disproportionate-asset case
Oct 21: Court frames charges against Jayalalithaa, Sasikala, Sudhakaran, and Ilavarasi
2003
Feb 28: DMK leader K Anbazhagan asks Supreme Court to transfer trial out of Chennai
Nov 18: Apex Court orders transfer of trial to a special court in Bangalore, observes ‘fair trial was not going’ in Chennai
2010
Jan 22: Supreme Court clears way for trial of DA case; trial begins
2011
May 16: AIADMK returns to power, Jayalalithaa becomes CM again
Oct 20 & 21 and Nov 22 & 23: Jayalalithaa appears in special court
2012
Oct 29: John Michael Cunha appointed as special judge
2014
Aug 28: Trial concludes; special court says verdict will be pronounced on Sep 20
Sep 15: Jayalalithaa seeks change of location over security concerns
Sep 16: Special Court allows Jayalalithaa’s plea, orders for shifting of venue near Bangalore Central prison; postpones verdict to September 27
Sep 27: Jayalalithaa convicted in the case; gets four years in jail
ALSO READ:  Jayalalithaa convicted: a profile
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah had to immediately call a meeting of the administration to discuss ways to maintain law and order in the state. Since Jayalalithaa’s party, the All-India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) has a comfortable majority in the Tamil Nadu Assembly, a replacement chief minister will have to be appointed immediately. Several names were in circulation but no confirmation on the next CM had come till the time of going to press.
As many as 60 members of the state Assembly and 18 AIADMK members of Parliament came to Bangalore from Chennai to show solidarity with the chief minister. Besides 20,000 other people were learnt to have arrived in the city from across Tamil Nadu.
The disproportionate-asset case dates back to 1996, when Dravida Munnettra Kazhagam (DMK) General-Secretary K Anbazhagan filed a complaint, claiming Jayalalithaa had amassed Rs 66.65 crore of wealth that was disproportionate with her known sources of income. In a raid carried out in 1997 in connection with this case, 800 kg silver, 28 kg gold, 750 pairs of shoes, 10,500 saris, 91 watches and other items were seized from Jayalalithaa’s Chennai residence.
Later, on a petition filed by Anbazhagan, who expressed his doubt over conduct of a fair trial in Chennai with Jayalalithaa as Tamil Nadu chief minister, the Supreme Court transferred the case to a Bangalore special court in 2003.
Jayalalithaa, who has waged several legal battles and seen several ups and downs in her political career, had to earlier quit as chief minister immediately after taking oath in 2001. This was after the Supreme Court declared her appointment null and void because she had been sentenced to two years of rigorous imprisonment in a corruption case.
At that time, O Paneerselvam, a junior minister in her Cabinet, was appointed the chief minister of Tamil Nadu. By 2002, she was cleared of all charges and again sworn in as CM.

Floods: Meghalaya death toll reaches 51Print
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:20 pm
The death toll in the floods and landslides that ravaged three districts in Meghalaya has touched 51 today. As jawans of the NDRF and SDRF continue their search operations, authorities fear more bodies are likely to be recovered in the next few days.
While flood-waters have nearly almost flowed out of Meghalaya’s Garo Hills region, the water that came gushing down to lower Assam is fast receding in Goalpara, Kamrup and Dhubri districts.
Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma on Saturday visited different flood-ravaged villages in North Garo Hills district and took stock of the situation. NDRF jawans are particularly conducting search operations in Kharkutta area of the district where the highest casualties took place.
Official sources in Shillong said debris in the NH-51 have been cleared and heavy vehicles are being allowed to pass through. Movement on NH-62 however continued to remain restricted to light vehicles.
Restoration work on several other roads is on and these are expected to be opened shortly except for those where bridges have been washed away.
Power and water supply that were snapped due to the flash floods, have been restored to Tura, Ampati and Williamnagar except in areas that are still submerged.
The state health department today airlifted medicines to Tura to supplement stocks for the Garo Hills region. Doctors from the Tura Civil Hospital and from the Civil Surgeon’s Office have been deputed to the Relief Camps to help in medical care, official sources said.
Meghalaya deputy chief minister RC Laloo had yesterday said that the state had suffered a staggering loss of at least Rs 1170 crore due to the recent flash floods and landslides, most of which was in the Garo Hills region.

Jaya’s conviction not final verdict  has option to appeal: BJPPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:07 pm
BJP on Saturday reacted cautiously on the conviction and four-year sentence of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa in a disproportionate assets case saying it is part of a judicial process and she has options available to move to a higher court, this being not the final verdict.
Terming the issue as “sensitive”, the BJP also termed it as an “unfortunate” attempts by her political opponents to score points by using this opportunity and play politics over it.
“It is a part of the judicial process. This is not the final verdict. There are options available before her to appeal in a higher court,” BJP Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.
He added that this was a sensitive issue and it was not proper to play politics on it. “It is unfortunate if any of her political opponents are using this opportunity to score points and play politics on it.”
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, however, refused to comment on her conviction by a Bangalore court in an 18-year old disproportionate asset case.
“I will not comment on it as I have not seen the judgement,” he said.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was on Saturday convicted and sentenced to four years jail in an 18-year-old corruption case in a judgement.
The 66-year-old AIADMK supremo has also been slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore, highest imposed on any politician, by a special judge John Michael D’Cunha who heard the case of Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets acquired during her first term as Chief Minister between 1991 and 1996.
The verdict unseated her from the post, disqualified her immediately as an MLA and can impact the Assembly elections due in 18 months.

Modi meets UN chief  refers to Sharif’s remarks on KashmirPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at U N headquarters in New York on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 8:51 pm
On Saturday Prime Minister Narendra Modi met UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during which he referred to raising of the Kashmir issue by his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif while implying that the global body was not the right forum to discuss it.
Modi’s reference to the issue in a meeting with the UN chief came a day after Sharif raked up the Kashmir issue at the UN General Assembly here.
Official sources said Modi referred to Sharif’s remarks on Kashmir in the meeting with the UN Secretary- General and implied that the UN was not the appropriate forum to raise it as it was a bilateral matter.
On Friday in his address, Sharif had needled India and said that more than six decades ago, the UN had passed resolutions to hold a plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir.
“The people of Jammu and Kashmir are still waiting for the fulfillment of that promise,” he had said.

Narendra Modi asks world leaders to adopt International Yoga DayPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:50 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday asked the world leaders to adopt an International Yoga Day, saying that by changing lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change.
“Let us work towards adopting an International Yoga Day,” Modi said in his maiden address to the 193-member UN General Assembly in United Nations.
Noting that Yoga is “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”, he said: “It is not about exercise but to discover the sense of oneness with yourself, the world and the nature.”
Yoga is the 5,000-year-old Indian physical, mental and spiritual practice that aim to transform body and mind.
“Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfillment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being,” he said.
“By changing our lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change,” he added.

India PMs who delivered key speeches at the United NationsPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:34 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 9:55 pm
For all the hype, speeches at the United Nations General Assembly aren’t usually epoch-making: it’s hard, after all, to hunt for pearls in the millions of words put together by the speech-writers of 192 world leaders. Yet, looking back, they give a fascinating glimpse into India’s changing sense of itself on the world stage.
Indira Gandhi, September 1983: India as Third-World Spokesperson
Indira Gandhi spoke at the UNGA against the backdrop of the increasingly bloody insurgency in Punjab, which would soon claim her life, and an economy that had begun to splutter and stall. Facing increasing criticism at home on corruption, as well as her failure to deliver on developmental promises, Indira Gandhi cast herself as a spokesperson for the world’s have-nots
Economy: In this age of instant globe-encircling information technology, the media dazzle eyes and fill ears with images and reports of affluence. Even the modest expectations of our peoples are far beyond our present means. Besides, we are hard put to preserve our independence because of the many economic, political and military pressures…. The present world economic order is based on domination and inequality.
Global issues: A golden opportunity exists for Israel to obtain true peace, transforming her borders with the Arabs into centers of attraction, interaction and fruitful exchanges. These borders should no longer become marked by trenches, barbed wire and barricades…. This relentless search for ever-increasingly barbaric weapons systems is undertaken in the name of security. India and other nonaligned countries are convinced that only general and complete disarmament can provide real and enduring security.
Rajiv Gandhi, June 9, 1988: India as Global Leader
Rajiv Gandhi spoke against the backdrop of Operation Brasstacks, a military exercise along India’s border with Pakistan that almost spiralled into war. India’s exercises, the largest since the Second World War, were read by Pakistan’s military as a veiled plan for a massive armoured thrust that would cut their country in two. Pakistan responded by threatening counter-strikes—and the use of nuclear weapons. Though opinions are divided on whether Pakistan in fact had a deliverable nuclear weapon at this time, we know from memoirs that Rajiv Gandhi took the threat very seriously—making this the subcontinent’s first nuclear crisis.
Nuclear weapons: … we propose that all nuclear weapons be leached of legitimacy by negotiating an International convention which outlaws the threat or use of such weapons. Such a convention will reinforce the process of nuclear disarmament…. there should be a binding commitment by all nations to eliminating nuclear weapons in stages, by the year 2010 at the latest.
A new world order: The technological revolutions of our century have created unparalleled wealth. They have endowed the fortunate with high levels of mass consumption and widespread social welfare. In fact, there is plenty for everyone, provided distribution is made more equitable. Yet, the possibility of fulfilling the basic needs of nutrition and shelter, education and health remains beyond the reach of vast millions of people in the developing world because resources which could give fulfillment in life are pre-empted for death.
Atal Behari Vajpayee, September 13, 2002: The Challenge of Terror
Atal Behari Vajpayee’s UNGA address is celebrated for being the first one delivered in Hindi. There are, arguably, more substantial issues it should be remembered for. It saw a drastic change in India’s language on development issues, and addressed a world transformed by the events of 9/11. Prime Minister Vajpayee spoke against the context of the military crisis of 2001-2001, and the Kargil war—both conflicts that could have escalated into nuclear flashpoints. For the first time, an Indian Prime Minister took on Pakistan’s use of terror in the United Nations. He said he would negotiate on Kashmir when terrorism stopped—and, interestingly, levels of violence fell to almost zero in a year-on-year decline which began after the 2001-2002 crisis.
On Pakistan: Yesterday, the President of Pakistan [General Pervez Musharraf] chose this august assembly to make a public admission for the first time that Pakistan is sponsoring terrorism in Jammu & Kashmir. After claiming that there is an indigenous struggle in Kashmir, he has offered to encourage a general cessation of violence within Kashmir, in return for “reciprocal obligations and restraints”. We totally refuse to let terrorism become a tool of blackmail. Just as the world did not negotiate with Al-Qaida or the Taliban, we shall not negotiate with terrorism.
When the cross-border terrorism stops – or when we eradicate it – we can have a dialogue with Pakistan on the other issues between us.
Challenge of poverty: Poverty alleviation requires resources on a far greater scale than now available. Globalization itself constrains developing country governments in raising public resources for poverty alleviation. The promise of the climate change and biodiversity treaties to raise significant resources for investment and technology transfer is yet unrealised. The resources of multilateral and bilateral development agencies are limited by the failure of industrialised countries to enhance development budgets….
Developing countries need to coordinate their positions in international negotiations to promote the adoption of regimes, which would help poverty alleviation. The India-Brazil-South Africa Dialogue Forum, which was established earlier this year, is an effort in this direction.
Manmohan Singh, September 24, 2011: The Global Economic Meltdown
Manmohan Singh had been hailed as a Prophet of Progress—the man who dragged India out of decades of slow growth into a boom unprecedented in its history. In 2011, he was applauded for having protected India from the consequences of the global financial crisis, and his advice was being sought at world fora. Inside of months, though, the global fever hit India as well—and, beset by multiple corruption scandals and policy paralysis, the Prime Minister laid the foundations for the Congress party’s worst-ever electoral debacle.
World financial crisis: Till a few years ago the world had taken for granted the benefits of globalization and global interdependence. Today we are being called upon to cope with the negative dimensions of those very phenomena. Economic, social and political events in different parts of the world have coalesced together and their adverse impact is now being felt across countries and continents.
The world economy is in trouble. The shoots of recovery which were visible after the economic and financial crisis of 2008 have yet to blossom. In many respects the crisis has deepened even further. The traditional engines of the global economy such as the United States, Europe and Japan, which are also the sources of global economic and financial stability, are faced with continued economic slowdown. Recessionary trends in these countries are affecting confidence in world financial and capital markets.

AAP launches youth  students wingPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:25 pm
On Saturday Aam Aadmi Party launched its youth and students’ wings, on the occasion of 107th birth anniversary of freedom fighter Bhagat Singh.
AAP Youth Wing (AYW) and Chhaatra Yuva Sangharsh Samiti (CYSS) will help the party develop its strength from the grass roots by penetrating into different stratas of the society, under its programme Mission Vistaar undertaken after its severe drubbing in the Lok Sabha.
The wings will also help channelise youth volunteers, many of who are students and who form its core support base. They will also help mobilise resources during elections.
Speaking at the launch, AAP national convener Arvind Kejriwal said the wings are an opportunity for the youth to work for the country.
“There is a saying that everybody wants Bhagat Singh to take birth, but only in the neighbour’s house not in his own. The aim of the wing is to change this.
“When I passed out of IIT, I was thinking how could I help the country. Today, I give an opportunity to the youth to work for the country. Through this, AAP has also given you a platform for political discussions,” he said.
Kejriwal also said that the party aims to contest elections in Jawaharlal Nehru, Delhi and Jamia Millia Islamia universities next year.
The former Delhi Chief Minister also exhorted the existing and would-be AYW members to make five promises to the country including a pledge to protect any woman in danger and reject dowry for wedding.
“Fighting against drug menace, casteism and religion-based politics should be the goal of the party,” Kejriwal said.
Less than a month ago, AAP had launched its women’s wing AAP Ki Mahila Shakti.
AAP also announced that its Tilak Nagar MLA Jarnail Singh would head the Delhi unit of the youth wing while the CYSS will be headed by Sarita Singh.
Asked about the plans of the AWY, Delhi unit chief, Jarnail Singh said, “We will complete our booth-level committee team for every polling station level within a month.We are targeting people up to 35 years of age.”

Ready to engage with Pakistan  but not under  shadow of terror : Modi at UNPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday hit back at Pakistan, questioning its seriousness in resolving the Kashmir issue by raising it at the United Nations.
  
Prime Minster Narendra Modi (R) speaks with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio during a bilateral meeting at the New York Plaza Hotel ahead of his appearance at the ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people on the streets of New York. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lays a yellow rose on the name of an Indian who died, at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New ...
Snipers keep watch on the roof of the 9/11 Museum during Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils a commemorative wreath at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits 9/11 Memorial exhibition in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, arrives to speak at the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaks during the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows his head after addressing the 69th United Nations General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
“Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries,” Modi said in his first speech at the UN General Assembly.
If Pakistan wants to resolve the problem, the Prime Minister averred, it must “also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment.”
“I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism,” Modi said, reiterating India’s standing position.
Instead of raising these issues at the UN, he said, India and Pakistan should be helping victims of the devastating floods on both sides of the border.
Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had on Friday told the general assembly he was disappointed by India cancelling the foreign secretary-level talks.
Modi was not expected to respond to Sharif’s obvious attempt at India-baiting with a long running political tool, criticism over Kashmir. The MEA spokesperson had said that the Prime Minister’s speech would be forward-looking, leaving Sharif to some official.
But Modi took on Sharif himself, questioning his sincerity in dealing with the dispute that has defined India-Pakistan relations for decades.
In a speech delivered in Hindi — from a prepared text in English — Prime Minister Modi also called for the long-standing reforms of the UN Security Council.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,’ he said.
The Prime Minister began his second day of the US tour, first day of full engagements, with an early morning tour of the 9/11 memorial and the attached museum.
Dressed in his trademark short-sleeve shirt, with a shawl thrown over his shoulder, the prime minister could be seen listening intently to his briefer.
He then changed into a dark bandh-gala suit for his UN engagements, starting with a meeting with secretary general Ban ki Moon, and a tour of the US complex.
Minutes before he was to speak, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, led the India delegation to their desk to the assembly floor, accompanied by NSA Ajit Doval.
The visitors’ gallery was packed, unusually for a Saturday morning, said several UN officials, impressed not only by the strength of the Indian media contingent, but also by Modi fans.
Watch: It is upto Pakistan to create right atmosphere and come forward for bilateral talks: Modi
After touching on all major global challenges — climate change and terrorism, for instance — the Prime Minister raised a long-standing Indian demand for UN SC reform.
India has been pushing for increasing the permanent membership of the Security Council beyond the present five — US, UK, China, Russia and France — without much success.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,” said the prime minister.
He warned that the failure to do so could make these institution irrelevant. “Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st.”
He added, “It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.”
Delivered in Hindi, from English remarks
The Prime Minister delivered his speech in Hindi, from a speech written in English. His speech tracked closely with the text in English, in spirit. But the translator seemed completely off-key, jumping from word to word, without trying to capture the sense of what Modi was saying.
Pitch for Yoga
An avid practitioner of Yoga, the Prime Minister gave it major shoutout in his speech calling it “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”. He said, “Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being.”
G-1, G-4 or G for all?
While making a pitch for a genuinely interaction compact of nations, he said there is a tendency to bunch countries into various groups. “Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?”
Live Blog Modi in America
.
Earlier Modi paid tributes at the memorial, also known as Ground Zero, where the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center(WTC) were destroyed in the unprecedented terror attack on September 11, 2001.
    
Dressed in a spotless white kurta and churidars and a grey shawl thrown on his left shoulder, a sombre looking Modi gently placed rose buds one by one--five in all--on the grey granite memorial slabs where names of the victims were etched, stood for a while and folded his hands.
    
Modi, who was in a reflective mood, also visited the 9/11 museum, that displays artifacts associated with the events of the terror attack while presenting stories of loss and recovery.
    

$10 000 bounty for serving summons to ModiNew York, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 27, 2014 07:22 IST
$10,000 bounty for serving summons to Modi
Narayan Lakshman
AP Attorney Gurpatwant Pannun from lawyers for rights group the American Justice Centre, during a press conference in New York on Friday.
TOPICS
riots
'Summons could simply be served by ascertaining the presence of Mr. Modi in relatively close proximity, for example depositing the summons at his feet'
The organisation behind a lawsuit filed against Prime Minister Narendra Modi has offered a bounty of $10,000 to anyone who could serve him with the summons issued by a federal district court and capture the service on video, sparking concerns that there could be a security incident during Mr. Modi’s historic five-day visit to the U.S.
In a statement, the American Justice Centre (AJC) said that the award for serving Mr. Modi was announced “due to the fact that the PM's visit will only last 5 days and will include a packed schedule of meetings and speeches. Servers are expected to produce a video of the serving to be eligible for the award.”
On Thursday human rights group AJC filed a 28-page complaint against Mr. Modi on behalf of multiple plaintiffs who hailed from Gujarat and suffered serious injury or the death or injury of a family member, alleging that Mr. Modi was culpable for his role in presiding over the 2002 anti-Muslim pogrom in the state.
The same day the federal court in the Southern District of New York issued summons to Mr. Modi to answer the plaintiffs within 21 days or face a “default judgment,” which could include categorisation of the 2002 riots as a “genocide” and potential compensation to the plaintiffs.
On Friday morning, during a White House briefing regarding bilateral prospects coming out of the summit meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama, a senior administration official clarified that the summons could not be delivered to him while he was in the U.S. or attending the United Nations General Assembly, as he was immune from prosecution, and “Sitting Heads of Government also enjoy personal inviolability while in the U.S., which means they cannot be personally handed or delivered papers… to begin the process of a lawsuit.”
However, answering this argument the AJC counsel Gurpatwant Singh Pannun said, “(As) Per the precedence established in the case of former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, the immunity extends only to acts committed during the individual’s tenure as Head of State. Our case against Mr. Modi is related to his complicity in the Gujarat pogroms of 2002, when he was Chief Minister of the state.”
In the cases brought against Dr. Singh , allegations made against him that after 2004, he shielded Jagdish Tytler and others linked to the 1984 riots were not entertained by the U.S. court as he was deemed to be immune from prosecution given the fact that he was the Head of the Government at the time.
However, he was considered by the court to be potentially liable to answer allegations made that during 1991-1996 he helped finance counter-insurgency measures in India leading to numerous extra-judicial deaths, the reason for which was the fact that he was only the Finance Minister of India at the time and not a Head of Government.
In a conversation with The Hindu Mr. Pannun further explained that as this was a civil proceeding against Mr. Modi, New York laws applied at this time, and summons could simply be served by ascertaining the presence of Mr. Modi in relatively close proximity, for example depositing the summons at his feet.
However for the more creatively minded, an equally acceptable means would be to throw the summons at Mr. Modi’s feet after attracting his attention, even from ten feet away, in a way that he was made aware of the summons landing there, Mr. Pannun said.
“We are banking on community members, at least one of them, to stand up for human rights and deliver the summons,” Mr. Pannun said, adding that it was quite possible given the large number of community interactions planned in Mr. Modi’s schedule.
When asked whether this could spark any security concerns given the sensitive nature of the task Mr. Pannun said, “No, he is definitely secured and in good hands. It will just be down to an individual’s willingness to hand him a piece of paper.”
A brief glance through New York law on summons suggests that the only available option for delivering summons to Mr. Modi, who does not have a place of residence or business in the state, would be “personal delivery,” for which a copy of the summons and complaint may be served by giving it to the concerned person in their hand, after which the server must fill out an affidavit of service and return it to the court within 14 days of the service.
Although The Hindu reached out to officials of India's Ministry of External Affairs who are in New York at the moment, a reply was not received by the time this article was published.

CICTL gets nod for expansionUpdated: September 26, 2014 23:51 IST
CICTL gets nod for expansion
N. Anand
logistics
Kamarajar Port at Ennore here has given in-principle nod to Chettinad International Coal Terminal Ltd. (CICTL) to go ahead with its expansion plan.
CICTL has drawn up a Rs.150-crore expansion plan that calls for handling increased volume of imported coal, deepening the berth to 18 meters to accommodate cape-size vessels, lengthening the coal terminal jetty, and installing conveyor system and augmenting the capacity of the unloaders.
The expansion became all the more a necessity as Kamarajar Port alone in the city has been allowed to handle coal and iron ore. Last year, CICTL handled eight million tonnes (MT) and in the last six months about 4.3 MT.
“We have given an in-principle approvalto CICTL to increase the coal jetty length by 22.50 meters to 347.50 meters,” a Kamarjar Port official said.
A ranking official of CICTL said that the company was expanding jetty length and deepening the berth to 18 meters to accommodate cape-size vessels that were above 1,50,000 tonnes deadweight. The sea-freight of cape-size vessels would be cheaper, and could handle more volumes. The expansion work would commence soon. The coal handling capacity would increase by two MTPA.
“We have entered into 30-years agreement to handle coal, of which, it is an exclusive agreement for five years till February 2016. There after, the sector will be open for third party to compete with us to handle coal,” the CICTL official said.

Policy irritants put brake on Skoda investmentNEW DELHI, September 26, 2014
Updated: September 26, 2014 22:55 IST
Policy irritants put brake on Skoda investment
Staff Reporter
investments
Launches refreshed version of Rapid priced between Rs.7.22 lakh and Rs.10.97 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi)
The Czech car maker, Skoda Auto, on Thursday said it was holding back investments in India due to ‘uncertainties’ related to policy framework.
The comments come at a time when the government is pushing hard to make India a global manufacturing hub. On Thursday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi also launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign in this endeavour.
Skoda Auto India Chairman and Managing Director Sudhir Rao said issues such as technology transfer agreement, Fiat case (payment of excise duty on the discounts) and the recent order by the Competition Commission of India (CCI) imposing fine on several auto makers, were some of the issues stopping global automakers like Skoda to invest further in India. “We would like to invest more in the future provided these uncertainties start making us feel more comfortable. If these uncertainties become a thing of the past and we are clear of the rules of the game as to speak then we can compete according to those rules in the game,” he told reporters at the launch of updated version of Skoda’s mid-seized sedan Rapid.
Investment
Skoda, which sells models like Superb, Octavia and Yeti in the country, has so far invested around 750 million euro in India and sold over 22,000 units last year.
The new Rapid is priced between Rs.7.22 lakh and Rs.10.97 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The mid-sized sedan comes with a new 7-speed DSG automatic transmission and 1.5 litre TDI diesel engine.

http://usat.ly/1uuBUyoFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters When he was on the run during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Kushner's bold bet on newspapers teeters
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 3:49 p.m. EDT September 26, 2014
Dorothy Shumrt reads the "Los Angeles Register" on the day of its launch,  April 16, 2014,  while waiting for a train at Union Station in Los Angeles. It has ceased publication.
(Photo: Richard Vogel, AP)
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When he was under fire during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, Bill Clinton famously answered a question by saying, "It all depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is."
Reeling newspaper owner Aaron Kushner seems to have a similarly flexible take on the meaning of '10.'"
When he boldly invaded the turf of the Los Angeles Times to launch a new newspaper in the City of Angels in April, the print-loving Kushner told me he had a "10-year plus" plan for the fledgling Los Angeles Register. This week he shut it down.
Eight months before the L.A. Register's debut, Kushner had triggered another newspaper war, this time in Long Beach, Calif., when he started up the Long Beach Register to take on the city's Press-Telegram. Kushner mothballed that start-up in June.
Rieder: Launching a new paper in LA a bold move
For a print guy, Kushner certainly seems to have embraced the Silicon Valley mantra, "Fail fast, fail often."
Kushner, a former greeting card magnate and Web entrepreneur, got into the newspaper business in July 2012 when his equity group acquired Freedom Communications, parent of the Orange County Register. Kushner promptly electrified the media world by declaring his belief in beleaguered print and going on a massive hiring spree at the Register — at a time when many newspapers, completely disrupted by the digital onslaught, were shrinking their staffs, often sharply.
This year has seen waves of layoffs at the Register, the latest this week.
When I wrote about Kushne r and his wildly contrarian ways in February 2013, I asked, "What does Aaron Kushner know that no one else does?" The answer seems to be, not so much.
Aaron Kushner.
(Photo: Frank Bellin, AP)
And clearly, Kushner's pockets are hardly deep enough to sustain such ambitious aspirations in such challenging times.
When I talked this week to the would-be mogul who once expressed interest in buying Tribune Co.'s papers, he sounded somewhat chastened but hardly ready to give up the fight.
When I asked him what had happened to the long-term thinking he had ballyhooed, he replied, "We're very much about long-term, but we're not shy about moving quickly."
In the heady days of the L.A. launch, Kushner agrees, he clearly was not anticipating a run of less than half a year. But he says there simply hadn't been "enough success" in the early stages to justify staying the course.
"When you make investments, they don't always work out the way you want," Kushner says. "That doesn't mean you shouldn't make the investments."
The decision to bury the L.A. Register, Kushner explains, was simple. While he thought the paper was "fabulous" and would have become "robust" if given the time, he and partner Eric Spitz concluded that the company's long-term future would be better served by focusing on the Orange County Register and another Southern California paper, The Press-Enterprise of Riverside, which they acquired last year .
Rieder: This publisher is spending to grow
Well, OK. But that clearly was the case from the get-go.  If it's an either/or choice, you're better off with established businesses than launching quixotic incursions into other newspapers' turf. Even back in the days when newspapers, hard as it is now to believe, were cash cows, successfully establishing a paper in a city that already had one was virtually impossible.
Aaron Kushner, publisher of the "Orange County Register," in his office in Santa Ana, Calif., on Dec. 27, 2012.
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Looking back, was that well-intentioned doubling of the Register staff simply too much? "Hindsight is always 20/20," Kushner says, "Should we have hired fewer people? Maybe. At the end of the day, you've got to try things. Everybody knows that not everything you try will work well."
And despite the rampant setbacks, Kushner rejects the notion that he has been too bullish on print in the rapidly transforming digital age. Kushner, who says preserving newspapers is a "civic duty," sees a "good, healthy long-term future" for the Register and The Press-Enterprise.
But, he hastily adds, "It's not going to be easy. We're running against the tide. But we're certainly going to keep running."
33 CONNECT 40 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sqLgeC
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Obama and the war on terrorSeptember 25, 2014 6:23 pm
Obama revives the failed logic of the war on terror
By Ramzy Mardini
The US cannot target militants and also keep out of a sectarian contest, writes Ramzy Mardini
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb39b6c4-44a1-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung to launch Galaxy Note 4 in India in 2 weeksSamsung to launch Galaxy Note 4 in India in 2 weeks
By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | 27 Sep, 2014, 06.50PM IST
A senior executive told ET that Samsung is expecting overall sales to rise in the three month period beginning October to December.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Samsung will launch the Galaxy Note 4 phablet in India within the next two weeks as the phone maker prepares to cash in on buyer interest leading to the festive season of Diwali.
A senior executive told ET that Samsung is expecting overall sales to rise in the three month period beginning October to December, with new announcements and launches during the quarter.
"The Note 4 will be launched before Diwali," said Samsung India VP for mobile & IT Asim Warsi. He was speaking at the launch of the 4.7-inch Galaxy Alpha smartphone priced at Rs 39,990, on Saturday.
"For most of our flagship devices, we will follow the global pricing," he said when asked whether the Note 4 would be priced at a premium. Pre-orders for the 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 4 priced at $920 began in South Korea and China early this week.
Warsi added that there will be a series of new launches other than Alpha, which will be priced across the spectrum, targeted at a large number of consumers. "We will keep working with banks and come out with compelling products from a financial affordability standpoint."
Samsung is expecting large sales from the Alpha, which will be available in retail markets from the first week of October, which has a HD super AMOLED screen, octa core processor, 2GB RAM, running on Android 4.4 KitKat operating system, 12MP rear camera, 2.1MP front-facing camera compatible with both bands LTE bands of 1800 Mhz and 2300 Mhz.
Warsi said that Samsung has been working with Bharti Airtel and Reliance Jio Infocomm , which is expected to launch its high speed 4G wireless internet services next year.
Samsung has tied up with Airtel, where buyers of the Alpha in 4G circles will get 5GB of free data for two months and Airtel users in 3G circles will get 2GB of free data for two months.
He added that the company will come out with a slew of LTE devices priced above and below Rs 39,990, giving a fillip to the LTE ecosystem.

Two more companies in W. Bengal in CBI netTwo more companies in CBI net in W. Bengal
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 27:  
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday filed FIRs against two more West Bengal-based deposit-taking companies, MPS Greenery Developers Ltd and Akash Deep Projects Ltd.
These are the first non-Saradha companies against whom the agency has initiated proceedings.
According to a CBI spokesperson, cases have been registered against the managing directors and directors of these two companies.
“Charges include allegations of criminal breach of trust, cheating, criminal conspiracy and abatement. These are the first set of FIRs against companies other than the Saradha Group in West Bengal,” the spokesperson said.
The cases have been filed in pursuant to the Supreme Court asking the CBI to investigate the Saradha Scam in West Bengal and similar companies.
Akash Deep Projects, said to be headquartered in Baruipur south of Kolkata, is a relatively lesser known operator. Not much is known about its operations.
On the other hand Kolkata-headquartered MPS has been under the scanner of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for its money collection schemes, mostly plantation ones.
MPS along with Saradha, and some other companies have been in the forefront of collective investment schemes running in the Bengal.
MPS founder arrested
Pramatha Nath Manna, the founder and managing director of MPS Greenery, along with another director, PK Chanda, was arrested late on Friday night. They are accused of non-payment of dues. Cases were filed against them by some depositors from Bankura.
Manna was taken into custody after he attended the hearing of the Commission of Inquiry, headed by Justice Shyamal Sen, which has been set up by the state government to probe the Saradha scam and similar other scandals involving ponzi firms.
A district court on Saturday remanded both Manna and Chanda for three days in police custody.
Saradha Scam
The CBI incidentally, has been investigating the multi-crore Saradha Scam in West Bengal.
So far, it has made three arrests relating to the case that include a Debabrata Sarkar, a senior official of the East Bengal football club; Sandhir Agarwal, a city-based businessman; and, Rajat Majumdar, a former IPS officer. The fourth arrest has been that of Assamese singer Sadananda Gogoi.
It has also interrogated several Trinamool Congress MPs and leaders; apart from questioning CPI(M) leader Rabin Deb in connection with the scam.
The Saradha Group, involved in money collection and ponzi schemes across West Bengal, Bihar, Assam, Odisha and Tripura, went bust in April 2013. Its Chairman, Sudipta Sen, arrested later that month by the West Bengal police has since then been in jail.
The other high profile arrest so far in the Saradha Scam has been that of suspended Trinamool MP Kunal Ghosh. Ghosh headed the media ventures of the Saradha Group.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

India PMs who delivered key speeches at the United NationsPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:34 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 9:55 pm
For all the hype, speeches at the United Nations General Assembly aren’t usually epoch-making: it’s hard, after all, to hunt for pearls in the millions of words put together by the speech-writers of 192 world leaders. Yet, looking back, they give a fascinating glimpse into India’s changing sense of itself on the world stage.
Indira Gandhi, September 1983: India as Third-World Spokesperson
Indira Gandhi spoke at the UNGA against the backdrop of the increasingly bloody insurgency in Punjab, which would soon claim her life, and an economy that had begun to splutter and stall. Facing increasing criticism at home on corruption, as well as her failure to deliver on developmental promises, Indira Gandhi cast herself as a spokesperson for the world’s have-nots
Economy: In this age of instant globe-encircling information technology, the media dazzle eyes and fill ears with images and reports of affluence. Even the modest expectations of our peoples are far beyond our present means. Besides, we are hard put to preserve our independence because of the many economic, political and military pressures…. The present world economic order is based on domination and inequality.
Global issues: A golden opportunity exists for Israel to obtain true peace, transforming her borders with the Arabs into centers of attraction, interaction and fruitful exchanges. These borders should no longer become marked by trenches, barbed wire and barricades…. This relentless search for ever-increasingly barbaric weapons systems is undertaken in the name of security. India and other nonaligned countries are convinced that only general and complete disarmament can provide real and enduring security.
Rajiv Gandhi, June 9, 1988: India as Global Leader
Rajiv Gandhi spoke against the backdrop of Operation Brasstacks, a military exercise along India’s border with Pakistan that almost spiralled into war. India’s exercises, the largest since the Second World War, were read by Pakistan’s military as a veiled plan for a massive armoured thrust that would cut their country in two. Pakistan responded by threatening counter-strikes—and the use of nuclear weapons. Though opinions are divided on whether Pakistan in fact had a deliverable nuclear weapon at this time, we know from memoirs that Rajiv Gandhi took the threat very seriously—making this the subcontinent’s first nuclear crisis.
Nuclear weapons: … we propose that all nuclear weapons be leached of legitimacy by negotiating an International convention which outlaws the threat or use of such weapons. Such a convention will reinforce the process of nuclear disarmament…. there should be a binding commitment by all nations to eliminating nuclear weapons in stages, by the year 2010 at the latest.
A new world order: The technological revolutions of our century have created unparalleled wealth. They have endowed the fortunate with high levels of mass consumption and widespread social welfare. In fact, there is plenty for everyone, provided distribution is made more equitable. Yet, the possibility of fulfilling the basic needs of nutrition and shelter, education and health remains beyond the reach of vast millions of people in the developing world because resources which could give fulfillment in life are pre-empted for death.
Atal Behari Vajpayee, September 13, 2002: The Challenge of Terror
Atal Behari Vajpayee’s UNGA address is celebrated for being the first one delivered in Hindi. There are, arguably, more substantial issues it should be remembered for. It saw a drastic change in India’s language on development issues, and addressed a world transformed by the events of 9/11. Prime Minister Vajpayee spoke against the context of the military crisis of 2001-2001, and the Kargil war—both conflicts that could have escalated into nuclear flashpoints. For the first time, an Indian Prime Minister took on Pakistan’s use of terror in the United Nations. He said he would negotiate on Kashmir when terrorism stopped—and, interestingly, levels of violence fell to almost zero in a year-on-year decline which began after the 2001-2002 crisis.
On Pakistan: Yesterday, the President of Pakistan [General Pervez Musharraf] chose this august assembly to make a public admission for the first time that Pakistan is sponsoring terrorism in Jammu & Kashmir. After claiming that there is an indigenous struggle in Kashmir, he has offered to encourage a general cessation of violence within Kashmir, in return for “reciprocal obligations and restraints”. We totally refuse to let terrorism become a tool of blackmail. Just as the world did not negotiate with Al-Qaida or the Taliban, we shall not negotiate with terrorism.
When the cross-border terrorism stops – or when we eradicate it – we can have a dialogue with Pakistan on the other issues between us.
Challenge of poverty: Poverty alleviation requires resources on a far greater scale than now available. Globalization itself constrains developing country governments in raising public resources for poverty alleviation. The promise of the climate change and biodiversity treaties to raise significant resources for investment and technology transfer is yet unrealised. The resources of multilateral and bilateral development agencies are limited by the failure of industrialised countries to enhance development budgets….
Developing countries need to coordinate their positions in international negotiations to promote the adoption of regimes, which would help poverty alleviation. The India-Brazil-South Africa Dialogue Forum, which was established earlier this year, is an effort in this direction.
Manmohan Singh, September 24, 2011: The Global Economic Meltdown
Manmohan Singh had been hailed as a Prophet of Progress—the man who dragged India out of decades of slow growth into a boom unprecedented in its history. In 2011, he was applauded for having protected India from the consequences of the global financial crisis, and his advice was being sought at world fora. Inside of months, though, the global fever hit India as well—and, beset by multiple corruption scandals and policy paralysis, the Prime Minister laid the foundations for the Congress party’s worst-ever electoral debacle.
World financial crisis: Till a few years ago the world had taken for granted the benefits of globalization and global interdependence. Today we are being called upon to cope with the negative dimensions of those very phenomena. Economic, social and political events in different parts of the world have coalesced together and their adverse impact is now being felt across countries and continents.
The world economy is in trouble. The shoots of recovery which were visible after the economic and financial crisis of 2008 have yet to blossom. In many respects the crisis has deepened even further. The traditional engines of the global economy such as the United States, Europe and Japan, which are also the sources of global economic and financial stability, are faced with continued economic slowdown. Recessionary trends in these countries are affecting confidence in world financial and capital markets.

Jaya’s conviction not final verdict  has option to appeal: BJPPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:07 pm
BJP on Saturday reacted cautiously on the conviction and four-year sentence of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa in a disproportionate assets case saying it is part of a judicial process and she has options available to move to a higher court, this being not the final verdict.
Terming the issue as “sensitive”, the BJP also termed it as an “unfortunate” attempts by her political opponents to score points by using this opportunity and play politics over it.
“It is a part of the judicial process. This is not the final verdict. There are options available before her to appeal in a higher court,” BJP Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.
He added that this was a sensitive issue and it was not proper to play politics on it. “It is unfortunate if any of her political opponents are using this opportunity to score points and play politics on it.”
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, however, refused to comment on her conviction by a Bangalore court in an 18-year old disproportionate asset case.
“I will not comment on it as I have not seen the judgement,” he said.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was on Saturday convicted and sentenced to four years jail in an 18-year-old corruption case in a judgement.
The 66-year-old AIADMK supremo has also been slapped with a fine of Rs 100 crore, highest imposed on any politician, by a special judge John Michael D’Cunha who heard the case of Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets acquired during her first term as Chief Minister between 1991 and 1996.
The verdict unseated her from the post, disqualified her immediately as an MLA and can impact the Assembly elections due in 18 months.

Modi meets UN chief  refers to Sharif’s remarks on KashmirPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at U N headquarters in New York on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 27, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 8:51 pm
On Saturday Prime Minister Narendra Modi met UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during which he referred to raising of the Kashmir issue by his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif while implying that the global body was not the right forum to discuss it.
Modi’s reference to the issue in a meeting with the UN chief came a day after Sharif raked up the Kashmir issue at the UN General Assembly here.
Official sources said Modi referred to Sharif’s remarks on Kashmir in the meeting with the UN Secretary- General and implied that the UN was not the appropriate forum to raise it as it was a bilateral matter.
On Friday in his address, Sharif had needled India and said that more than six decades ago, the UN had passed resolutions to hold a plebiscite in Jammu and Kashmir.
“The people of Jammu and Kashmir are still waiting for the fulfillment of that promise,” he had said.

Indian-American crowd gathers outside UN to ‘welcome’ ModiPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:52 pm
On Saturday Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived for his first address to the General Assembly, a large number of Indian-Americans gathered outside the UN headquarters to welcome him.
The crowd, comprising almost equal number of men and women, carried placards with messages like ‘New York loves Modi’, ‘America loves Modi’ and chanted ‘Modi Modi’ slogans.
People were seen wearing Modi t-shirts and masks, similar to the scenes that were there during Lok Sabha elections back home earlier this year.
People, carrying flags of India and the US, were seen playing conch and drums among other instruments.
High security was in place and the supporters were standing in a special enclosure outside the UN headquarters.
A 75-year old supporter Satish Malhotra said that he has been here for 40 years and had never seen such support and enthusiasm for any Indian leader.
He said that the Indian community here fully supports Modi.
A similar scene was seen on Friday outside the hotel where Modi is staying, at the time of his arrival.
The Prime Minister had come out of his car to greet the crowd on Friday.
The organisers of today’s ‘Chalo UN rally” said that people were brought in buses from different locations for welcoming Modi at the UN and a similar event would be organised tomorrow in front of Madison Square Garden where he will address a large gathering.
Meanwhile, a group of demonstrators under the banner ‘American Kashimiri Council’ also gathered outside the UN headquarters and shouted slogans demanding implementation of the UN resolution on Kashmir issue.

Nithari killings: Co-accused Moninder Singh Pandher released from jail11
0
Ghaziabad: After spending almost eight years behind the bars, the co-accused in infamous Nithari serial killings, Moninder Singh Pandher, on Saturday was released from Dasna prison.
He was grated bail on September 24 by the Allahabad High Court.
Jail Superintendent SP Yadav said,"Pandher got the bail on September 24 and on Saturday he was released after all the paper work was done."
The 42-year-old Noida-based businessmen was arrested in December 2006.
#ghaziabad #nithari killings #moninder singh pandher #noida
The 42-year-old Noida-based businessmen was arrested in December 2006.
The serial killings came to the light in December 2006 after discovery of human remains from a drain behind Pandher's house in Nithari in Noida on the outskirts of Delhi.
Both Pandher and his domestic help Surendra Koli were arrested.
Koli's mercy petition has also been turned down by the President.
19

Full text: Prime Minister Narendra Modi s address at the UNGA60
1
Speaking at the United Nations General Assembly, Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaffirmed that India is prepared to work towards resolving the Kashmir issue with Pakistan, in a serious bilateral dialogue and a peaceful atmosphere, which should be without the shadow of terrorism.
In an indirect reply to Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's remarks on Kashmir, Modi asserted that such issues should be resolved through cooperation and not by raising them at international forums like the United Nations General Assembly.
Modi said that India's ancient wisdom sees the world as one family. "It is this timeless current of thought that gives India an unwavering belief in multilateralism," he said.
Here is the full text of the Prime Minister's speech at the United Nations General Assembly:
Mr. President and distinguished delegates,
Let me first congratulate you on your election as the President of the 69th session of United Nations General Assembly.
It is a truly a great honour to address you for the first time as the Prime Minister of India. I stand here conscious of the hopes and expectations of the people of India. I am also mindful of the expectations of the world from 1.25 billion people. India is a country that constitutes one-sixth of humanity; a nation experiencing economic and social transformation on a scale rarely seen in history.
Every nation's world view is shaped by its civilization and philosophical tradition. India's ancient wisdom sees the world as one family. It is this timeless current of thought that gives India an unwavering belief in multilateralism.
Today, as I stand here, I am equally aware of the hopes that are pinned on this great assembly. I am struck by the sacred belief that brought us together. An extraordinary vision and a clear recognition of our shared destiny brought us together to build this institution for advancing peace and security, the rights of every human being and economic development for all. From 51 nations then, today 193 sovereign flaÿs flv at thiÿ hope.
We have achieved much in the past six decades in our mission in ending wars, preventing conflict, maintaining peace, feeding the hungry, striving to save our planet and creating opportunities for children. 69 UN peacekeeping missions since 1948 have made the blue helmet the colour of peace.
Today, there is a surge of democracy across the world; including in South Asia; in Afghanistan, we are at a historic moment of democratic transition and affirmation of unity. Afghans are showing that their desire for a peaceful and democratic future will prevail over violence. Nepal has moved from violence to peace and democracy; Bhutan's young democracy is flourishing. Democracy is trying to find a voice in West Asia and North Africa; Tunisia's success makes us believe that it is possible.
There is a new stirring for stability, progress and progress in Africa. There is unprecedented spread of prosperity in Asia and beyond, rising on the strength of peace and stability. Latin America, a continent of enormous potential, is coming together in shared pursuit of stability and prosperity, which could make it an important anchor of the world. India desires a peaceful and stable environment for its development. A nation's destiny is linked to its neighbourhood. That is why my Government has placed the highest priority on advancing friendship and cooperation with her neighbours.
This includes Pakistan. I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism, to promote our friendship and cooperation. However, Pakistan must also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment. Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between ourtwo countries. Instead, today, we should be thinking about the victims of floods in Jammu and Kashmir. In India, we have organized massive flood relief operations and have also offered assistance for Pakistan Occupied Kashmir.
India is part of the developing world, but we are prepared to share our modest resources with those countries that need this assistance as much as we do.
This is a time of great flux and change. The world is witnessing tensions and turmoil on a scale rarely seen in recent history. There are no major wars, but tensions and conflicts abound; and, there is absence of real peace and uncertainty about the future. An integrating Asia Pacific region is still concerned about maritime security that is fundamental to its future. Europe faces risk of new division. In West Asia, extremism and fault lines are growing. Our own region continues to face the destabilizing threat of terrorism. Africa faces the twin threat of rising terrorism and a health crisis. Terrorism is taking new shape and new name. No country, big or small, in the north or the south, east or west, is free from its threat.
Are we really making concerted international efforts to fight these forces, or are we still hobbled by our politics, our divisions, our discrimination between countries.
We welcome efforts to combat terrorism's resurgence in West Asia, which is affecting countries near and far. The effort should involve the support of al! countries in the region. Today, even as seas, space and cyber space have become new instruments of prosperity, they could also become a new theatre of conflicts.
Today, more than ever, the need for an international compact, which is the foundation of the United Nations, is stronger than before. While we speak of an interdependent world, have we become more united as nations? Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All? On the one side, we say that our destinies are inter-linked, on the other hand we still think in terms of zero sum game. If the other benefits, I stand to lose.
It is easy to be cynical and say nothing will change; but if we do that, we run the risk of shirking our responsibilities and we put our collective future in danger.
Let us bring ourselves in tune with the call of our times.
First, let us work for genuine peace, No one country or group of countries can determine the course of this world. There has to be a genuine international partnership. This is not just a moral position, but a practical reality. We need a genuine dialogue and engagement between countries. I say this from the conviction of the philosophical tradition that I come from.
Our efforts must begin here - in the United Nations.
We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative. Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won't be effective in the 21st. It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.
We should put aside our differences and mount a concerted international effort to combat terrorism and extremism. As a symbol of this effort, I urge you to adopt the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
We should ensure that there will be peace, stability and order in the outer space and cyber space. We should work together to ensure that all countries observe international rules and norms. Let us continue redouble our efforts to pursue universal global disarmament and nonproliferation.
Second, we must pursue a more stable and inclusive global development Globalisation has created new poles of growth; new industries; and new source of employment.
At the same time, billions live on the edge of poverty and want; countries that are barely able to survive a global economic storm.
There has never been a time when it has seemed more possible than now to change this. Technology has made things possible; the cost of providing it has reduced. We no longer are totally dependent on bricks and mortars.
If you think of the speed with which Facebook or Twitter has spread around the world, if you think of the speed with which cell phones have spread, then you must also believe that development and empowerment can spread with the same speed.
Each country must of course take its own national measures; each government must fulfill its responsibility to support growth and development. At the same time, we also require a genuine international partnership. At one level, it means a better coordination of policy so that our efforts becomes mutually supportive, not mutually damaging.
It also means that when we craft agreements on international trade, we accommodate each other's concerns and interests.
When we think of the scale of want in the world - 2.5 billion people without access to basic sanitation; 1.3 billion people without access to electricity; or 1.1 billion people without access to drinking water, we need a more comprehensive and concerted direct international action.
In India, the most important aspects of my development agenda are precisely to focus on these issues. The eradication of poverty must remain at the core of the Post-am5 Development Agenda and command our fullest attention. Third, we must seek a more habitable and sustainable world.
I want to say three things.
One, we should be honest in shouldering our responsibilities in meeting the challenges. The world had agreed on a beautiful balance of collective action - common but differentiated responsibilities. That should form the basis of continued action. This also means that the developed countries must fulfill their commitments for funding and technology transfer.
Second, national action is imperative. Technology has made many things possible. We need imagination and commitment. India is prepared to share its technology and capabilities, just as we have announced a free satellite for the SAARC countries.
Third, we need to change our lifestyles. Energy not consumed is the cleanest energy.
We can achieve the same level of development, prosperity and well being without necessarily going down the path of reckless consumption. It doesn't mean that economies will suffer; it will mean that our economies will take on a different character. For us in India, respect for nature is an integral part of spiritualism. We treat nature's bounties as sacred.
Yoga is an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition. Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfillment; harmony between man and nature; a holistie approach to health and well being. It is not about exercise but to discover the sense of oneness with yourself, the world and the nature. By changing our lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change.
Let us work towards adopting an International Yoga Day.
Finally,
We are at a historic moment. Every age is defined by its character; and, each generation is remembered for how it rose together to meet its challenges. We have that responsibility to rise to our challenges now. Nowhere is this more pronounced than in this great assembly.
Next year we will be seventy, we should ask ourselves whether we should wait until we are 80 or 100. Let us fulfill our promise to reform the United Nations Security Council by 2o15. Let us fulfill our pledge on a Post-2o15 Development Agenda so that there is new hope and belief in us around the world. Let us make 2m5 also a new watershed for a sustainable world. Let it be the beginning of a new journey together.
Thank you

Why G-5  G-20 and so on asks Modi  Let’s have G-AllPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people outside his hotel upon his arrival in New York on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 27, 2014 11:27 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:56 am
Known for his flair for catchy punchlines, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday coined a new term ‘G-All’ at the United Nations.
Modi mooted this while articulating the need for the world to become more united as nations, saying no one country or group of countries can determine the course of this world.
“Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?,” he said while calling for uniting various groupings for concerted efforts to deal with various key challenges.
Calling for united efforts to deal with various challenges including scourge of terrorism, Modi asked whether we have become more united as nations while we speak of an interdependent world. “While we speak of an interdependent world, have we become more united as nations?,” he asked during his 35-minute speech in Hindi at the 69th session of the UN General Assembly.
Modi said the names of groupings keep changing like G-5, G-20 and so on but there was a need to have a G-All to realise various goals and improve lives of people across the world.
“On the one side, we say that our destinies are inter- linked, on the other hand we still think in terms of zero sum game. If the other benefits, I stand to lose,” the Prime Minister said.
“It is easy to be cynical and say nothing will change; but if we do that, we run the risk of shirking our responsibilities and we put our collective future in danger,” he said.
Modi said there has to be a genuine international partnership. “This is not just a moral position, but a practical reality.”

Moderate quake in J&KMild earthquake in J&K
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sep 27:  
An earthquake of 4.6 magnitude on the Richter scale occurred on the Indo-Pak border region of Jammu and Kashmir today.
According to the Indian Meterological Department, the quake struck at 9.52 pm.
The depth of the earthquake was 10km below the surface, IMD said.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Maharashtra gears up for assembly pollsTweet
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray during the election conclave organised by a news channel in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
BJP leaders Eknath Khadse and Sudhir Mungantivar address the media on the Sena-BJP seat sharing row in Mumbai.  (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Maharashtra NCP president Sunil Tatkare along with party leader and deputy CM Ajit Pawar at a press meet in Mumbai.  (Kunal Patil/ HT photo)
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray with senior leaders at a party meeting in Mumbai. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
With the elections around the corner, government employees get training with the EVMs in Thane district. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana chief Raju Shetty and RPI leader Ramdas Athawale meet at Rang Sharda hotel in Mumbai ahead of state polls. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT photo)
With the elections around the corner, government employees get training with the EVMs in Thane district. (Praful Gangurde/HT photo)
Senior Congress leader Narayan Rane interacts with the press in Mumbai.  (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Amid the seat sharing row, Congress' election campaign vehicle seen outside the party office without NCP poster in Mumbai. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan at an election campaign in a village in Karad, Maharashtra. (PTI photo)
BJP president Amit Shah met the state's party workers at party leader Vinod Tawde's residence in Mumbai. Elections are due next month in Maharashtra. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray with his son Aditya meet Maharashtra governor Vidyasagar Rao at Raj Bhavan in Mumbai. (PTI photo)
Ahead of state polls, independent MLAs join Congress in the presence of Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan, Manikrao Thakre and Sushilkumar Shinde at Gandhi Bhavan in Mumbai. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
MCGM workers pull apart the banners of political parties in Bandra a day after the election code of conduct came into force for the upcoming assembly polls. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
T-shirts with leaders images are being put up on sale at a shop in Lalbaug, Mumbai ahead of assembly polls. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis and senior leader Vinod Tawde meet Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana chief Raju Shetty in Mumbai ahead of state polls. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT photo)
Voters register on the last day of registration at a centre in Mahim, Mumbai ahead of assembly elections.(Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
Voters register on the last day of registration at a centre in Mahim, Mumbai ahead of assembly elections.(Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan, state Congress chief Manikrao Thakre and party leader Kripashankar Singh look on as new members join Congress at Tilak Bhavan in Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan and Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) chief Manikrao Thakre address the press conference in Tilak Bhavan in Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan along with Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee chief Manikrao Thakre at Tilak Bhavan in Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
Advertisement

You Want A  Natural    Organic    Free-Range  Dinner  And You Probably Don t Know What That MeansMore trendy restaurants are serving food that seems easier on the environment, but customers often aren't quite sure what they're getting. Does a "grass-fed" steak differ from "pasture-raised"? Can seafood really be described as "organic"?
We've broken down some common terms associated with most popular entree items below.
Fruits & Vegetables
Organic:
Whereas produce must be USDA-certified to earn an "organic" label in the U.S., restaurants may label food as "organic" on their menus without regulation. The establishments themselves may apply for organic certifications, but very few have. So if a menu explicitly calls out organic ingredients and claims they are certified, you can reasonably assume they've been grown in a way that restricts the use of many pesticides and any synthetic fertilizers. "Organic" also means "not genetically modified," although the USDA has been accused of watering down its labeling standards as demand for organics increases .
Seasonal:
At best, this term indicates menu items that are currently in season locally. Environmental conditions vary widely throughout large countries like the U.S. -- strawberries, for example, are grown year-round in California, but in New York they're harvested only in June. Many national chain restaurants, however, use "seasonal" in marketing limited-time menu offerings, which don't necessarily feature ingredients at their peak of flavor and freshness. If your goal is to help the local farming economy, ask your server where ingredients are sourced. Charts such as this one can also help you determine what's really "in season" where you are.
Foraged or Gathered:
These terms refer to foods -- often mushrooms (yes, neither fruit nor veggie), wood sorrel, berries and other plants -- handpicked from local forests and fields either by a chef or professional supplier, like Chicago's Odd Produce . The practice often falls into a grey area in local health codes. Some health departments, such as the Cuyahoga County Board of Health in Ohio, ban restaurants from serving food that hasn't been provided by an "approved source." Others, like South Carolina's state health department , have looser regulations or have updated them in recent years to accommodate the practice. Foraging helps encourage an appreciation for dining patrons' local surroundings and doesn't convert land for food cultivation. However, as the practice spreads, there are some concerns about leaving enough edible plants for wildlife populations.
Beef or Pork
Organic:
This term refers to meat from animals raised on 100 percent organic feed and not given antibiotics or hormones. Organically raised pigs and cattle may be vaccinated against disease and, if they get sick, may be given painkillers and a few approved synthetics. (If the animal must be treated with antibiotics for the sake of its health, its meat can no longer be labeled "organic.") The animals must also have "access to pasture," consuming at least 30 percent of their dietary intake from that pasture over at least 120 days during the grazing season.
Free-Range:
The USDA defines certified free-range meat as coming from animals who've been provided shelter in an area with unlimited food, water and continuous access to the outdoors . The "outdoor" space, however, may be fenced in, and there are no guidelines on how much time they should be spending there.
Natural:
As regulated by the USDA, this refers to meats that have been processed minimally without artificial additives , but ultimately is a less-regulated label than "organic," as it doesn't have anything to do with farming processes.
Grass-Fed:
(Beef only!) These cattle are fed a grass-heavy diet similar to what they'd seek out naturally. Pigs (and chickens) prefer a more grain-heavy diet, so grass isn't a great choice for them. "Grass-fed" also differs from "organic" because food originating from organically raised animals may be fed a grain mixture.
Pasture-Raised:
Government regulators have yet to clearly define an animal that's been properly "pasture-raised," due to the number of variables . Generally, the term refers to animals that have been allowed access to pasture grazing, but might also be fed a grain mixture. A proposed definition sounds similar to "free-range," referring to animals with a continuous and unconfined access to pasture throughout their life cycle." (Grass-fed beef isn't necessarily "pasture-raised," because it simply may have been fed grass indoors for space or seasonal reasons.)
Chicken or Eggs
Organic:
Like cows and pigs, organic poultry products come from animals raised on 100 percent organic feed, without any antibiotics or hormones. Use of this term, as regulated by the USDA, also requires access to outdoor space, which may be caged or covered with netting. Organic chickens may be confined in close quarters as they're being transported, and they may also be starved for short periods to force molting, which kickstarts their egg-laying. Other farm-raised fowl, such as duck and pheasant, may be USDA-regulated on a voluntary basis .
Free-Range:
This term only covers living space, not feed or production processes, so it's less specific than "organic." However, whereas chickens on commercial farms are often allowed personal space the size of a sheet of printer paper, free-range chickens get some breathing room -- although how much space isn't defined.
Natural:
Again, "natural" food products have been processed minimally without artificial additives , but this term is also less specific than "organic." All fresh-caught game may be considered "natural."
Cage-Free:
This USDA-regulated term is used to refer to birds housed without cages. They're able to stretch their wings and lay eggs in nests as they would naturally. Cage-free chickens, however, are often subject to beak clipping in order to minimize pecking of other birds, and male chicks are still generally disposed of upon hatching.
Seafood
Farm-Raised:
The USDA hasn't settled on a definition of "organic" fish, and some would argue it can't be truly organic since there are so many variables to consider, particularly the diet of carnivorous fish. So, by USDA standards, fish is either wild or raised on farms. Farm-raised indicates fish were kept in a tank or other enclosure until grown. While they prevent depletion of natural fish populations, fish farms are often criticized for feeding the creatures genetically modified food; giving them antibiotics, growth hormones and artificial dyes; and for polluting surrounding waters. Tilapia, being herbivores, are among the most environmentally friendly species to farm , along with shellfish like oysters, mussels and bay scallops.
Wild:
While they've been raised without being purposefully fed antibiotics or synthetics, wild fish are often transported long distances from where they were caught. The Marine Stewardship Council , however, certifies fisheries that comply with its strict standards of environmentally friendly wild fishing practices. Additionally, most wild salmon is only caught fresh in the summer months, so "fresh" wild salmon on a winter menu might be misleading . As an endangered species, Atlantic salmon is illegal to catch in the wild , so you can assume any on the menu is farm-raised. Pacific salmon may be either, although much of it is wild.
Line-Caught:
To gather their catch, many commercial fishing boats use giant nets that are meant to scoop up, for example, tuna. But they also end up catching a lot of other marine life, from turtles to small whales . Using fishing poles has far-reaching benefits. It cuts down on this waste and helps prevent overfishing. Additionally, the pole- and line-caught fishing business can employee larger numbers of local fishermen, as those boats need more manpower than massive, high-tech commercial "seine" boats. These jobs can help the economies of small fishing communities, such as in the Maldives .
Anything "Local" or "Market-Fresh"
There's no agreed-upon definition of "local" food. One good benchmark, however, is the 2008 U.S. Food, Conservation and Energy Act, which states an ingredient may be considered a "locally or regionally produced agricultural food product within 400 miles of its origin .
Local ingredients, like those in season, also can help support small, local farms. A 2010 USDA study concluded that shorter supply chains enabled by the "farm-to-table" movement allow small farms a greater profit. Local ingredients also cut down on the carbon emissions from transportation , traveling tens or hundreds of miles instead of thousands.
"Market" is also a bit ambiguous. While it may suggest an image of chefs touring local food stalls for the freshest local ingredients, it simply indicates ingredients that have been purchased locally. When not used as a marketing term -- "market-fresh," can indicate food that's as fresh as it would be had it come from an actual farmer's market -- it may also refer only to certain ingredients in a particular dish.
Anything "Fair Trade"
No governmental regulation of "fair-trade" food currently exists, but third parties such as Fair Trade USA , Fairtrade International and a number of smaller organizations have implemented their own strict guidelines. Approved products are marked with a seal.
Certification by the nonprofit Fair Trade USA indicates the item has been grown under safe working conditions by workers paid a living wage who are guaranteed the right to organize. Workers are also taught sustainable farming practices such as water conservation and reforestation, but not everything produced is organic. Grains, coffee, cocoa, produce, packaged foods and others may all be certified "fair trade." Fair-trade farms are generally small operations, but large farms that comply with guidelines are now getting certified, too.
Correction: A previous version of this article misstated that USDA-certified organic produce is produced without fertilizers or pesticides. The designation prohibits the use of only certain synthetic substances.
Earlier on HuffPost:

The great Maharashtra splitTweet
Maharashtra heads for four-cornered elections after end of political alliances.
A file image of the late Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray with the late BJP leader Pramod Mahajan, the architects of the alliance. The BJP called off alliance with Sena over seat share. (Photo courtesy - Bal Keshav Thackeray: A photobiography by Raj Thackeray)
The BJP and Shiv Sena had come briefly together for an election in 1983, but lost. The BJP called off the 25-year-old alliance with Sena over seat share. (Photo courtesy - Bal Keshav Thackeray: A photobiography by Raj Thackeray)
A file image of the late Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray with Union minister and BJP leader Nitin Gadkari. The BJP called off alliance with Sena over seat share. (Photo courtesy - Bal Keshav Thackeray: A photobiography by Raj Thackeray)
Shiv Sena supporters at Matoshree in Mumbai after the BJP announced the break-up with its 25-year-old ally Sena. (Pratham Gokhale/HT photo)
Police guard Thackerays' Matoshree residence in Bandra after BJP announced it was breaking up with the Shiv Sena. (Pratham Gokhale/HT photo)
Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan addressing the press at his Varsha bungalow in Mumbai. The NCP pulled the plug off the Congress in the state. (Shakti Yadav/HT photo)
NCP leaders Praful Patel, Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare at a press conference in Mumbai announcing the end of 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
BJP leaders Eknath Khadse and Devendra Fadnavis announced that BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had come to an end. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
BJP leaders Vinod Tawde, Eknath Khadse and Devendra Fadnavis announced that BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had come to an end. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
Advertisement

Come  Make in India  Modi tells investorsCome, Make in India, Modi tells investors
Our Bureau
Rousing start: Industry captains applaud Prime Minister Modi at the launch of ‘Make in India’ campaign at Vigyan Bhavan on Thursday. KAMAL NARANG
Narendra Modi
Promises investment security, stable policy regime for corporates to ‘First Develop India’
New Delhi, September 25:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised investors a secure environment for their investments, a stable policy regime, and easy and effective governance at the launch of the ‘Make in India’ initiative to promote manufacturing activity in the country.
While doing so, Modi also sent out a strong message to Indian industry looking for greener pastures abroad by stating that they should not ignore their country.
“For foreign investors, India is an opportunity, but for Indian investors, it is also a responsibility. FDI stands for ‘first develop India’” he said, addressing CEOs from top Indian and global companies invited for the launch.
While corporate honchos such as Mukesh Ambani, Cyrus Mistry, Azim Premji, YC Deveshwar and Kumar Mangalam Birla endorsed Modi’s call, they also sought policy support, stable tax regime and quick decision making. A large number of foreign CEOs, who are doing business in India, were also present at the event.
Shortly before leaving for his much publicised official visit to the US on Thursday, Modi said that his Government was as interested in strengthening ties with the West as with the East. “We have been discussing the ‘Look East’ policy for some time. But, today, when I talk about our Make in India initiative, I also want to talk about linking with the West,” the PM said.
The Prime Minister is scheduled to meet CEOs from a number of US companies during his visit to the country and the campaign could not have been better timed.
“An investor’s decision to invest is not so much influenced by incentive schemes as by the existing growth environment and investment security. We will assure investors that their investments won’t sink and also guarantee a stable policy regime,” Modi said.
Taking a dig at the previous UPA regime, the Prime Minister said that businesses at that time had lost faith in themselves living in constant fear of inspectors, CBI raids and policy instability. “Investors were fearful of what is going to happen next and what the Government would do. This is going to change as we believe that the Government needs to act responsibly and there has to be policy stability,” he said.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, who also spoke at the launch, promised further liberalisation in the labour laws and greater deregulation and delicensing.
The Minister said that the Government will focus on 25 sectors to push manufacturing, including textiles, leather, automobile & parts, electronics, engineering goods, roads & highways, and IT.
To promote India as a hassle-free and attractive investment destination for both domestic and foreign industry, the Commerce and Industry Ministry has decided to address investor queries round the clock within a specific time through a three-tiered process that would include a team of experts.
Modi said his Government’s focus will be on physical infrastructure creation as well as creating a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods ranging from cars to software, satellites to submarines and paper to power.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Rally of good fortune for India s richestE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

All you wanted to know: Standard & Poor s ups India outlookE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Decision on ailing AI needs to be taken soonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

To fly abroad  fly more to small towns: Ashok Gajapathi RajuE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu after Jayalalithaa convictionUpdated: October 5, 2014 01:14 IST
Violence across Tamil Nadu
The Hindu The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
TOPICS
riots
Violence erupted across Tamil Nadu soon after the special court in Bangalore held Chief Minister Jayalalithaa guilty of corruption. The protests by AIADMK cadre and sympathisers led to sporadic incidents of violence, even as shops, restaurants, malls and movie halls closed down across the State. Attacks on buses left public transport severely cut.
A State-owned bus was set on fire as an angry mob hurled petrol bombs in Kancheepuram district after forcing the passengers to alight. In other places, protesters forced commercial establishments to down shutters. Amid such reports of escalating violence, Tamil Nadu Governor K. Rosaiah summoned the Chief Secretary Mohan Verghese Chunkath, Director General of Police K. Ramanujam and Chennai Commissioner of Police, S. George to Raj Bhavan and instructed them to maintain law and order.
Director-General of Police K. Ramanujam said the situation was under control. Thirty-nine companies of the Tamil Nadu Special Police were deployed across the State. DMK president M. Karunanidhi has written to the President and others accusing the AIADMK cadres of indulging in large scale violence. The police in the State were not in a position to handle the situation and people were living in grip of fear, he said. He also sought action againt erring police officials.

Currency view: S&P s India outlook hike may have a positive effect on rupee  says Anindya BanerjeeBANKING & FINANCE
Currency view: S&P's India outlook hike may have a positive effect on rupee, says Anindya Banerjee
| Published:  Sep 27 2014, 17:23  IST
Sep 27 2014, 17:23  IST
 

Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years in jail in corruption caseTamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa was sentenced to four years in jail and slapped with Rs. 100 crore fine after being found guilty of corruption by a special court in Bangalore on Saturday.
  
Play Pause
Supporters of AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa cry in Chennai after a Bangalore special court convicted her in a disproportionate assets case. (PTI Photo)
Members of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore on Saturday over conviction of the party supremo and Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa by a Bengalore court in a disproportionate assests ...
Members of AIADMK stomp on a poster of DMK chief K Karunanidhi during a protest following a Bangalore special court pronouncing Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa guilty in a ...
Members of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore over conviction of the party supremo Jayalalithaa by a Bangalore court in a disproportionate assests case. (PTI Photo)
CM Jayalalithaa is seen through the mirror of a car as she comes out of her house in Chennai to appear before a Bangalore court for the verdict. (AP Photo)
Supporters of AIADMK burn the effigy of DMK chief M Karunanidhi after a Bangalore special court pronounced J Jayalalithaa guilty in a disproportionate assets case, in Chennai. (PTI Photo)
Security men push away supporters of J Jayalalithaa while she proceeds to the special court in Bangalore. (PTI photo)
The ruling in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case dealt a blow to the 66-year-old AIADMK chief, disqualifying her as CM and effectively putting her out of the electoral arena for 10 years.
 
According to provisions of the Representation of the People Act, a convicted person cannot contest elections for six years beginning from the date of completion of sentence.
 
There could, however, still be hope for Jayalalithaa because there is an escape route. The Supreme Court has said a convicted person can contest an election if his/her conviction and sentence — both are stayed by a superior court.
Read: AIADMK govt safe, but Amma staring at 10-year exile
 
Special judge John Michael D'Cunha’s verdict earned Jayalalithaa the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting CM to be held guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
After the sentencing, Jayalalithaa — ‘Amma’ to her supporters — was sent to Parappana Agrahara jail in the city but was shifted to a hospital inside the prison premises after complaining of chest pain.
She will spend the night in a special cell in the women’s wing with special guards posted round the clock, an IANS report said. Supper was “ragi (malt) ball, plain rice, sambar and curd rice with pickle as per the jail manual”, it quoted a prison official as saying.
 
Jayalalithaa now has to approach Karnataka high court for bail and appeal against the conviction as the prospect of political survival — also of the AIADMK — arises in the run-up to the Tamil Nadu assembly elections due in 2016.
 
The verdict against 'Amma' (Mother, as Jayalalithaa is addressed by supporters) crushed AIADMK hopes of her emerging unscathed like she had from many legal wrangles in the past.
 
One school of thought in the AIADMK is that state minister O Panneerselvam could be asked to act as chief minister again. In September 2001, when the Supreme Court had set aside Jayalalithaa's appointment, she had installed Panneerselvam.
 
Read: One wedding and four convictions, the unravelling of Jayalalithaa
 
The court also convicted Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala Natarajan, her niece Ilavarasi and her nephew and the chief minister's disowned foster son Sudhakaran in the case.
 
They accused were found guilty of acquiring Rs. 66.65 crore worth of assets by corrupt means between 1991 and 1996 — during Jayalalithaa’s first tenure as CM.
 
Sasikala, Ilavarasi and Sudhakaran were sentenced to four years in jail. Special public prosecutor Bhavani Singh said a fine of Rs. 10 crore had been imposed on the three convicts.
 
The Supreme Court had transferred the case to the special court in 2003 on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial in Tamil Nadu.
 
The DMK had filed the case in 1996 on the complaints of Anbazhagan and BJP leader (then Janata Party chief) Subramanian Swamy.
 
Tamil Nadu on edge
 
The ruling, cheered on by rival DMK, led to clashes in Chennai and elsewhere in the state.
 
Tension gripped Tamil Nadu and bordering areas with Karnataka, forcing authorities to increase police presence.
 
In February 2000, three students from the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University were burnt alive after AIADMK functionaries set ablaze a bus following Jayalalithaa’s conviction in another case.
 
Kerala too beefed up security and sounded alert on the borders with Tamil Nadu.
 
In Chennai and Madurai, AIADMK protesters burnt effigies of DMK president M Karunanidhi, his sons MK Stalin and MK Alagiri and tore party posters.
 
Supporters of the two parties also clashed in some places. A state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and some 20 buses damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district, the police said.

Goldman Sachs Changes Policy In Wake Of Damning ReportGoldman Sachs Said to Prohibit Bankers From Buying Stocks
By Michael J. Moore 2014-09-27T04:00:03Z
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. headquarters in New York, on Jan. 13, 2014 Close
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. headquarters in New York, on Jan. 13, 2014
Close
Photographer: Ron Antonelli/Bloomberg
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. headquarters in New York, on Jan. 13, 2014
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) , the top adviser on corporate takeovers, is changing a policy addressing conflicts of interest to bar investment bankers from trading individual stocks and bonds, a person with direct knowledge of the matter said.
Employees at the New York-based firm were notified yesterday of the change, which takes effect immediately, said the person, who requested anonymity because the matter isn’t public. They also aren’t allowed to invest in activist or event-driven hedge funds , the person said. Previously, bankers needed approval before they could invest in individual stocks.
The change came on the same day that a former Federal Reserve Bank of New York examiner’s recordings of her ex-colleagues’ dealings with Goldman Sachs were featured in reports by public radio and ProPublica . The former examiner, Carmen Segarra, sued the New York Fed last year, alleging that she was fired in 2012 because she refused to change her finding that Goldman Sachs didn’t have a conflict-of-interest policy. Her case was dismissed in April and she’s appealing.
The radio program “This American Life” released a transcript of a broadcast that includes excerpts of conversations it said were secretly recorded by Segarra. In the transcript, Segarra described how she felt that her Fed colleagues handled Goldman Sachs with kid gloves.
“What I was sort of seeing and experiencing was this level of deference to the banks, this level of fear,” she said.
The New York Fed said it “categorically rejects” Segarra’s allegations.
Financial Safety
“The New York Fed works diligently to execute its supervisory authority in a manner that is most effective in promoting the safety and soundness of the financial institutions it is charged with supervising,” it said in a statement posted on its website.
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren , a Massachusetts Democrat, called for a congressional investigation into allegations that the New York Fed was too deferential to the institutions it regulated. Senator Sherrod Brown , an Ohio Democrat who’s also on the banking committee, backed Warren’s call for a probe.
In 2012, a Delaware judge rebuked Goldman Sachs over its “incomplete and inadequate” handling of a conflict of interest in pipeline operator Kinder Morgan Inc.’s $21.1 billion purchase of El Paso Corp., the investment bank’s biggest takeover assignment the previous year. Stephen D. Daniel, a former Goldman Sachs partner who was lead banker on the deal, failed to disclose ownership of about $340,000 in Kinder Morgan stock, the judge said.
Protecting Reputation
Yesterday’s change had been discussed for months and tightens a policy that was adjusted after the Kinder Morgan deal, the person said. The move is intended to reduce potential conflicts with clients and protect the firm’s reputation, the person said.
The new restrictions at Goldman Sachs also will apply to some employees outside of investment banking , including those who could have access to confidential information as part of their roles, the person said.
Spokesmen for Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc. and Morgan Stanley declined to comment on the policies at their companies. A spokesman for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) , the biggest U.S. bank by assets, didn’t respond to phone and e-mail messages sent after regular business hours.
The case is In re El Paso Corp. Shareholder Litigation, Consolidated 6949-CS, Delaware Chancery Court (Wilmington).
To contact the reporter on this story: Michael J. Moore in New York at mmoore55@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Peter Eichenbaum at peichenbaum@bloomberg.net Steven Crabill, Dan Reichl
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

Cancellation of coal block unlikely to impact Odisha power plant  says GMRE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US civil rights body offers $10 000 bounty for serving summons to PM Narendra ModiUS civil rights body offers $10,000 bounty for serving summons to PM Narendra Modi
PTI | New York | Published:  Sep 27 2014, 07:40  IST
Sep 27 2014, 07:40  IST
 

Ready to engage with Pakistan  but not under  shadow of terror : Modi at UNGAPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday hit back at Pakistan, questioning its seriousness in resolving the Kashmir issue by raising it at the United Nations.
  
Prime Minster Narendra Modi (R) speaks with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio during a bilateral meeting at the New York Plaza Hotel ahead of his appearance at the ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people on the streets of New York. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lays a yellow rose on the name of an Indian who died, at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New ...
Snipers keep watch on the roof of the 9/11 Museum during Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils a commemorative wreath at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits 9/11 Memorial exhibition in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, arrives to speak at the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaks during the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows his head after addressing the 69th United Nations General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
“Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries,” Modi said in his first speech at the UN General Assembly.
If Pakistan wants to resolve the problem, the Prime Minister averred, it must “also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment.”
“I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism,” Modi said, reiterating India’s standing position.
Instead of raising these issues at the UN, he said, India and Pakistan should be helping victims of the devastating floods on both sides of the border.
Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had on Friday told the general assembly he was disappointed by India cancelling the foreign secretary-level talks.
Modi was not expected to respond to Sharif’s obvious attempt at India-baiting with a long running political tool, criticism over Kashmir. The MEA spokesperson had said that the Prime Minister’s speech would be forward-looking, leaving Sharif to some official.
But Modi took on Sharif himself, questioning his sincerity in dealing with the dispute that has defined India-Pakistan relations for decades.
In a speech delivered in Hindi — from a prepared text in English — Prime Minister Modi also called for the long-standing reforms of the UN Security Council.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,’ he said.
The Prime Minister began his second day of the US tour, first day of full engagements, with an early morning tour of the 9/11 memorial and the attached museum.
Dressed in his trademark short-sleeve shirt, with a shawl thrown over his shoulder, the prime minister could be seen listening intently to his briefer.
He then changed into a dark bandh-gala suit for his UN engagements, starting with a meeting with secretary general Ban ki Moon, and a tour of the US complex.
Minutes before he was to speak, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, led the India delegation to their desk to the assembly floor, accompanied by NSA Ajit Doval.
The visitors’ gallery was packed, unusually for a Saturday morning, said several UN officials, impressed not only by the strength of the Indian media contingent, but also by Modi fans.
Watch: It is upto Pakistan to create right atmosphere and come forward for bilateral talks: Modi
After touching on all major global challenges — climate change and terrorism, for instance — the Prime Minister raised a long-standing Indian demand for UN SC reform.
India has been pushing for increasing the permanent membership of the Security Council beyond the present five — US, UK, China, Russia and France — without much success.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,” said the prime minister.
He warned that the failure to do so could make these institution irrelevant. “Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st.”
He added, “It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.”
Delivered in Hindi, from English remarks
The Prime Minister delivered his speech in Hindi, from a speech written in English. His speech tracked closely with the text in English, in spirit. But the translator seemed completely off-key, jumping from word to word, without trying to capture the sense of what Modi was saying.
Pitch for Yoga
An avid practitioner of Yoga, the Prime Minister gave it major shoutout in his speech calling it “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”. He said, “Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being.”
G-1, G-4 or G for all?
While making a pitch for a genuinely interaction compact of nations, he said there is a tendency to bunch countries into various groups. “Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?”
Live Blog Modi in America
.
Earlier Modi paid tributes at the memorial, also known as Ground Zero, where the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center(WTC) were destroyed in the unprecedented terror attack on September 11, 2001.
    
Dressed in a spotless white kurta and churidars and a grey shawl thrown on his left shoulder, a sombre looking Modi gently placed rose buds one by one--five in all--on the grey granite memorial slabs where names of the victims were etched, stood for a while and folded his hands.
    
Modi, who was in a reflective mood, also visited the 9/11 museum, that displays artifacts associated with the events of the terror attack while presenting stories of loss and recovery.
    

Fifth column: With due respectI am especially nervous this time as this piece is being written on a British Airways flight from London to New York where I hope to write a longer piece on the Prime Minister’s visit.
Written by Tavleen Singh | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:12 am
Every time I write about the justice system, I do so nervously because the only time this column has ever been stopped in 30 years was when I, unbeknownst to me, crossed a line. I am especially nervous this time as this piece is being written on a British Airways flight from London to New York where I hope to write a longer piece on the Prime Minister’s visit. So if I cross a line again, there is little chance or time for rectification because of the time difference. And, jet lag! But I have, for some time, been disturbed at the manner in which our honourable judges interfere in politics and governance. And the number of times they fail to clean up their own house.
There are many examples of this, but I am going to concentrate on two or three big ones because they have had direct consequences on the economy. The most recent of these was when the Supreme Court announced last week that all licences given to private companies to mine coal would be cancelled, with the order going back 20 years. Would it not have been better, honourable judges, to simply cancel licences that had been misused? Speaking of which, although generosity has been shown to four public sector companies, why has it not been taken into account that nobody has misused our natural resources more than government companies have?
Could the honourable judges not have paid attention to the inextinguishable fires that burn underground — the best coal in the world —in the coalfields of Jharia? These fires burn because public sector companies do not have access to the technology that could put them out underground. It is because of the criminal ineffectiveness of the public sector that privatisation became necessary in the first place.
But, no sooner did this happen than Marxist and crypto-Marxist politicians (Arvind Kejriwal, Prashant Bhushan) began their hysterical diatribes against “people’s wealth” being “looted” by private companies. Was this what influenced our honourables justices? As someone who believes that nobody has misused the natural resources of India more than public sector companies and nobody has done more irreparable environmental damage, my hackles go up every time I hear talk of this kind. I believe that it comes from ideological blindness rather than real concern for ‘the people’.
If this were not true, then there would have been some noise at least when the Supreme Court some years ago banned the mining of iron ore in Karnataka on environmental grounds. The then Chief continued…

Genghis Khans secret weaponNew York Times | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:02 am
For all of his victories and skills, Genghis Khan always insisted that the god Tengri — the Eternal Blue Sky — deserved the credit for his triumphant success in uniting the vast Mongol Empire in the early 13th century.
Now 21st-century science may be proving him right. Not long ago, researchers studying ancient tree rings found evidence that the Great Khan rose to power during an exceptionally mild 15-year stretch.
Back-to-back years of plentiful rain and favourable temperatures — known as pluvials, the opposite of droughts — promoted vegetation growth, and that in turn supported the livestock needed to power an army. “The Mongol Empire pluvial was quite exceptional,” said Neil Pederson, an ecologist at Harvard Forest in central Massachusetts. “It was the only one in the past 1,000 years that lasted more than 10 years.”
These days, Mongolia’s climatic tides have been shifting toward another extreme. A 10-year drought and heat wave from 2000 to 2010, according to the tree ring data, were the most severe the country had had in a millennium.
Today, Mongolia is largely herders, not warriors. Sandwiched between Russia and China, it has almost 3 million people in a vast tract of desert and rolling steppe grassland, punctuated by mountains and forests. Climate continues to significantly shape the lives of Genghis Khan’s descendants, around one-third of whom still practise the semi-nomadic herding of their ancestors, moving their house — traditionally, a dome-shaped tent called a ger — with the seasons.
While TVs and solar panels are a common sight, herders still rely on thousands of years of collective knowledge to thrive in the harsh Mongolian environment, where the temperature regularly dips below minus 26 degrees Celsius in winter. Yet the predictable ebb and flow of warmth and cold, rain and snow, has begun to falter in recent years.
“I don’t know why the weather has become unusual, but I’m very worried about it,” said Urgamaltsetsg Suvita, 47, a herder in the Gobi desert. Summer is hotter and plagued by sandstorms, she said, and winter brings too much snow or too little. In 2010, an extreme snowstorm killed her livestock — nearly 1,000 animals, including horses, sheep and goats.
Mongolia’s average annual temperature has risen more than 3.8 degrees Fahrenheit since 1940; paradoxically, winter months have grown colder too. Dzuds — extreme winter events that cause mass livestock die-offs — also seem to be increasing in frequency. A 2010 dzud claimed 8.8 million livestock — losses equivalent to 4.4 per cent of the country’s economic output.
Rural Mongolians who follow a shamanistic belief system believe that mining is to blame for the changing weather patterns. Troy Sternberg, a geographer at the University of Oxford, said that “under the Mongolian belief system, the earth and sky are connected”.
Whether or not that is true, the rise of mining — along with overgrazing by herders chasing the cashmere market — has led to wide desertification. Some studies indicate that 70 per cent of Mongolia’s grasslands are degraded.
Some herders have reached the breaking point. After the 1999 to continued…

Tough fight for Prithviraj ChavanUpdated: September 28, 2014 14:54 IST
Tough fight for Prithviraj Chavan
Shoumojit Banerjee
election
A day after he resigned as Chief Minister, Prithviraj Chavan filed his nomination papers from the key constituency of South Karad in Satara district on Saturday.
The seat, a traditional Congress bastion since the formation of Maharashtra in 1960, is set to witness a complex five-way battle in the October 15 Assembly election with disgruntled Congress leaders throwing down the gauntlet to Mr. Chavan.
“Not only South Karad, but all of Western Maharashtra will be retained as a Congress stronghold,” said Mr. Chavan, while leading a massive rally through the streets of the constituency.
Speaking to The Hindu, Mr. Chavan dubbed the allegations made by the Nationalist Congress Party as “laughable.”
“Anyone can obtain information on how many files were cleared during my tenure using the RTI Act… the NCP’s contention that I was slow in clearing files is ludicrous, to say the least,” he said remarking that it was the party’s “utterly impossible demands” which resulted in the final rupture of the Democratic Front coalition in Maharashtra.
Daunting task
Mr. Chavan, who is contesting for the first time since his Lok Sabha election defeat from Karad in 1999, faces an especially daunting foe in seven-time MLA Vilas Patil Undalkar, popularly known as Kaka.
Embittered by Mr. Chavan’s decision to step into the electoral arena, the 76-year-old Mr. Patil, who has held South Karad since 1980, filed his papers as an Independent on Friday, paving the way for a Congress versus Congress fight.
“His door-to-door connect with his voters is tremendous. His win is a foregone conclusion,” says Dhanaji Katkar, a close aide to Mr. Undalkar.
Further queering Mr. Chavan’s pitch is former Congress leader and sugar baron Atul Bhosale, who is contesting on the Bharatiya Janata Party ticket, and Ajeenkya Patil, son of veteran Congress leader and current Bihar Governor D.Y. Patil, making his political debut on the Shiv Sena ticket.
“Despite our familial affiliation with the Congress, I was attracted towards the Sena’s programme for a better Maharashtra,” said Mr. Patil, an educationist and Chairman of the D.Y. Patil group, while filing his papers on Friday.
Following the coalition break-up, the NCP has propped up former Congress corporator Rajendra Yadav against Mr. Chavan.
“The NCP, which is baying for Mr. Chavan’s blood, will also throw its weight behind Mr. Undalkar,” says Sachin Shinde, a political analyst.
Despite hectic campaigning, Mr. Chavan suffers from a disconnect with voters in the constituency prior to his taking over as Maharashtra Chief Minister in 2010. It could prove to be a debilitating factor, say sources.
However, Mr. Chavan’s supporters aver that public works, amounting to more than Rs. 300 crore, taken up during his tenure as Chief Minister would have a tremendous impact on voters.
“Mr. Chavan’s reputation as a sound and honest administrator will see the Congress through. His decision to contest has enthused Karad’s public,” said Anandrao Patil, Satara District Congress Committee president.
At the same time, despite his much-vaunted confidence, Mr. Undalkar’s position is not as smooth as is made out to be, say observers.
“While he [Mr. Undalkar] is undeniably charismatic, his politics has fundamentally been that of divide and rule. Further, Mr. Chavan, despite his critics, has sincerely striven to develop Karad,” says Mr. Shinde.

Six jobs that affect your health the mostThe Worst Jobs for Your Health
By Jada A. Graves | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Fri 12 Sep, 2014 8:11 PM IST
Print
Working is good for the worker in many ways, but in some jobs, there may be negative effects on your overall health.
Here's an overview of those occupations that could be particularly bad for your physical or emotional well-being, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics' annual report on fatal occupational injuries as well as CareerCast.com's annual list of most stressful jobs.
[See: Will Your Job Kill You? ]
Construction
It's discouraging how hazardous construction work can be. Even the best-trained workers could fall, suffer electrocution or get trapped between surfaces. They also run the risk of exposure to strong chemicals, fumes and particles. Protective gear may stave off illness, but it doesn't prevent it altogether, and Health.com notes construction workers who inhale dust on a job site are at risk for lung cancer, mesothelioma and asbestosis. The BLS reports fatal work injuries in construction and extraction occupations fell 6 percent and 15 percent, respectively, between 2012 and 2013. Still, two construction jobs -- roofers and general construction laborers -- were among the top 10 occupations with the highest fatal work injuries in 2013. One extraction job, mining machine operator, also appeared on the BLS list.
Service
The BLS reports fatal work injuries have increased to 247 fatalities within protective service occupations, like firefighters and police officers, and on-the-job injury is still common. There's also an expected emotional toll from caring for the lives of others while working long, unorthodox shifts. As a result, these two professions were included on CareerCast's list of the 10 most stressful jobs. Firefighters face an additional health threat due to their possible exposure to toxic chemicals.
There's a great chance of physical injury on other service-performing jobs as well. Garbage collectors could suffer muscle strain while lifting heavy objects around warehouses and on dump trucks. Plus there's a chance of injury if those collectors who ride in or on the back of a garbage truck are involved in an auto accident. Electric power-line installers and repairers could be electrocuted on live wire or accidentally fall. According to the BLS, both professions experience high injury rates and are among the 10 occupations with the highest fatal work injuries in 2013.
[Read: 5 Dream Jobs That Aren't So Dreamy .]
Farming, Fishing and Forestry
Jobs in these industries are ideal for those who love the outdoors, don't mind getting their hands dirty and don't mind suffering a scrape or two. Working in nature with livestock or marine life means juggling the unexpected, and there's a great chance for injury, even for the well-seasoned and well-trained. Farmers and ranchers as well as fishers and logging workers were among the 10 occupations with the highest fatal work injuries in 2013, although on-the-job fatalities in these fields have actually declined to 225.
Armed Services
Armed services jobs range from those directly related to defense, like a fighter pilot, to those that have a civilian equivalent, like a navy lawyer, so the strain someone in this field might experience varies. One thing's certain: Any job within the military could involve extensive periods away from home, irregular shifts, the responsibility for the lives of others and the possibility of placing those lives -- and your own -- at risk. For these reasons, CareerCast included both enlisted military personnel (any military member who serves at a rank below commissioned officer) and military general (an officer who has reached the top of the military rank structure) on its list of most stressful jobs of 2014. The BLS reports 67 fatal work injuries to resident military personnel in 2013, compared to 50 in 2012.
Transportation
Let's skirt past the obvious -- operating heavy mobile machinery is always dangerous -- to little-thought-of reasons transportation jobs affect physical and emotional health. First, there's the exposure to fumes and chemicals: For example, Health.com notes delivery truck drivers who unload merchandise at loading docks are at risk for lung diseases like COPD. Airline pilots risk hearing loss from their prolonged exposure to blaring plane engine noise. There's also the mental stress involved from being responsible for the safety of your passengers. Airline pilot also appeared on CareerCast's list, along with taxi driver, for being especially stressful. The BLS reports fatal work injuries in transportation professions actually declined 10 percent last year. Still, the aforementioned jobs were among the 10 occupations with the highest fatal work injury rates in 2013.
Desk Jobs
Don't snicker -- desk jobs don't appear on the BLS list of jobs with the highest fatalities, but they can still be dangerous in the long term. Numerous studies show sitting too much could shorten your life and increase your chance of cancer, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Then there's the impact one of these jobs could have on your psyche. CareerCast includes four so-called "desk jobs" on its list of stressful occupations: Event coordinator, public relations executive, senior corporate executive and newspaper reporter. They all have one glaring, uniting characteristic that probably contributed to their placement: They're all deadline-driven occupations.
[See: The 10 Best Times to Switch Jobs .]
Take these preventive measures to ensure you're working as safely as possible:
1. Consult with your doctor. Talk with your primary care physician about your occupation's stressors and your typical workday so he or she might give recommendations for how to stay safe and well. Depending on your profession, you might also want to set up a consultation with an executive health program. "We see patients from all over the world who visit us for a day to a day and a half for consultations and tests," says Kurt Carlson, an internist and medical director for the executive and international health program at the Mayo Clinic. "The intent is for these people to return to their primary care provider with the recommendations we've given them, and we make an effort to communicate the results of our evaluation with those providers."
2. Stay certified and informed. It's important to pursue continual safety training, particularly for jobs with a physical aspect. For instance, the Construction Safety Council is a nonprofit organization that offers training courses for anyone affiliated with a construction site, from engineers and architects to vendors and laborers. "All our courses are based on the OSHA [Occupational Safety and Health Administration] standards and incorporate any other industry best practices, so attendees are trained on how to avoid unsafe positions and situations on the job, and we also turn them on to some of the technology that's been developed to make their jobs safer," says Paul A. Satti, technical director of the CSC. Satti also stresses that "training isn't the end solution to the problem. It's also important for the contractors who run the job site to do what's necessary to keep the site and their workers safe."
3. Get sleep and get active. Carlson says employees in sedentary fields often complain that they lack two things: sleep and time to exercise. Working with your doctor can help you normalize your schedule to make time for both, and you should aim for at least seven hours of sleep most nights.
4. Cull bad habits. Limit your alcohol intake and stop smoking altogether because these habits place additional physical stress on your body. And try eating a balanced diet. "A lot of the people we see are age 45 up to 65 or 70, so that's the time in life when they should have screenings for a variety of conditions," Carlson says. "There's focus on heart health and developing healthy eating and exercise habits."
5. Find a Zen activity. Taking care of yourself physically will have a positive effect on how you process stress, but introduce at least one other just-for-you activity that you may do to relax in off hours. "Stress management really deals with how you manage any stress in life, not just stress at work," Carlson says.
More From US News & World Report

Day 1: New York DiaryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Madras High Court recalls ruling diluting RTIE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Who will resolve tax disputesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jayalalithaa found guilty in disproportionate assets case; verdict assigns 4-year jail term  fine of Rs 100 croreFE editor's picks
Jayalalithaa found guilty in disproportionate assets case; verdict assigns 4-year jail term, fine of Rs 100 crore
PTI | Bangalore | Updated:  Sep 27 2014, 22:09  IST
Sep 27 2014, 22:09  IST
 

Congress betrayed SP by backtracking on alliance: Abu Azmi12
0
Mumbai: Accusing the Congress of betrayal, Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi on Saturday said the former backtracked on alliance with his party as Congress' central leadership was not keen on it.
Addressing a press conference, Azmi, the state president of Samajwadi Party, said Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and state Congress President Manikrao Thakre called him up on Friday night to inform that the Congress central leadership was not in favour of the alliance.
After parting ways with the NCP, Congress formed an alliance with the Samajwadi Party for the upcoming state assembly elections. Two days back, SP spokesman Abdul Qadir Chaudhary announced that his party would contest eight seats in alliance in Congress.
After parting ways with the NCP, Congress formed an alliance with the Samajwadi Party for the upcoming state assembly elections.
#abu azmi #sp #ncp #congress
However, Azmi said that Thakre called him up saying that Congress workers had protested against the alliance fearing that non-Muslim voters of the Congress may be enraged at the tie-up.
Accusing the Congress of stabbing him in the back, Azmi asked, "If there was no approval from the central leadership, why did Chavan and Thakre take initiative to have an alliance with my party and announce it at a press conference?"
The SP leader also alleged that the Congress backtracking on alliance had left him with little time to get his own candidates as the last date of filing of nomination ended.
According to him, Congress has also fielded a candidate in his constituency of Mankhurd-Shivajinagar in Mumbai.
Alleging that it was Congress' plan to prevent his party from expanding base in the state, Azmi said, "I have always been against the Congress policies. But whenever we feel that Sena-BJP is growing, we have supported the Congress in the interest of secularism."
Azmi also said that he was open to (post-poll) alliance with other secular parties, but not with the Congress.
2

Exercise wards off stress-induced depressionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian-Americans hail Modi s UNGA speech  say India on world stage with a strong voice22
0
United Nations: Indian-Americans from across the US hailed the maiden speech of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday, with some saying that the speech reflects that India has arrived on the world stage with a strong voice.
"This is once in a life time opportunity. India has arrived on the world stage," said Chandrakant Patel, president, Overseas Friends of BJP and chairman of the Indian American Community Foundation, which is organising a public reception for Modi at the Madison Square Garden in New York.
A large number of Indian-Americans were seen seated in the visitors' gallery to watch Modi's maiden speech. The visitors' gallery of the United Nations which is generally empty, that too on a Saturday, was more than half full, before Modi started delivering his speech. Because of unprecedented security, not many people were able to come inside the UN to listen to his speech.
Some Indian-Americans said that the speech reflects that India has arrived on the world stage with a strong voice.
#modi meets america #modi nris #narendra modi in us #narendra modi
Simultaneously, several hundred people had gathered outside the United Nations with placards and banners 'America Loves Modi' to welcome Modi in the United States. People in at least eight bus loads from New York and New Jersey left their homes early in the morning to attend the 'Modi welcome rally' outside the UN.
"After a long time, India has got such a leader. No one in the past has evoked such an excitement as has the Prime Minister," said Satya Shaw, a successful entrepreneur, who flew in from Florida for the event. There were many people standing outside to come to the visitors' gallery, but were not able to come due to security reasons," said a disappointed Manish Kumar, who could not watch Modi speak from the visitor's gallery.
"I watched it on my smart phone, through UN webcast," he said. UN officials said there was quite unusual traffic on their UN webcast feed during the Modi speech.
"Naturally, the traffic was highest from India, but it was quite unusual from even countries like the US, Canada and Britain," the official said on condition of anonymity.
"We wanted to have a grand welcome to our Prime Minister. It is very unfortunate that a statesman like him was denied a US visa. He has a huge following here in the US," said Narayan Kataria, of the Indian-American Intellectual Forum, which organised the welcome rally in front of the UN.
"The young and vibrant Indian voice of 1.2 billion Indians, enriched by a well-rooted democracy complete with loyal opposition, spoke today through Modi - India's durable message of peace free of terror, and growth for all," said eminent Indian-American attorney Ravi Batra.

Hurriyat welcomes Sharif s move to raise Kashmir issue at UNGASep 27, 2014 at  11:47pm IST
Hurriyat welcomes Sharif's move to raise Kashmir issue at UNGA
44
0
Srinagar: Both factions of Hurriyat Conference on Saturday welcomed Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's statement on Kashmir in his speech in the United Nations' General Assembly.
Hardline Hurriyat Conference Chairman Syed Ali Geelani said the Pakistan Prime Minister not only repeated the known stand of his country with regard to the Kashmir issue but also appealed to the world community to play its role in resolving the issue.
Moderate Hurriyat Conference chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq said the Centre should start a result-oriented dialogue with Pakistan and Kashmiri leadership.
Both factions of Hurriyat Conference on Saturday welcomed Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's statement on Kashmir in his speech in the United Nations' General Assembly.
#syed ali geelani #mirwaiz umar farooq #nawaz sharif #hurriyat conference
Mirwaiz said the UN resolutions provide legal and historical basis to solve Kashmir issue.
"Kashmir issue could be solved either by implementing UN resolutions or through meaningful dialogue between the main stakeholders in the Kashmir issue, India and Pakistan," he added.
4

Public sector insurance companies deploy 279 teams in KashmirSep 27, 2014 at 11:39pm IST
Public sector insurance companies deploy 279 teams in Kashmir
6
1
Srinagar: Reaching out to the flood-hit people in Kashmir valley, Public Sector Insurance Companies has deployed 279 survey teams in valley, where 7,668 claims have so far been lodged with companies by the people.
As many 279 survey teams have been deployed in the valley by these Public Sector Insurance Companies for assessment of damaged and lost properties, an official spokesman said.
He said that 6,768 claims so far have been lodged before the various Insurance Companies, out of which 120 claims stands disposed off, with adhoc amount paid to the Insurants to the tune of Rs 4.17 crores as 50 per cent of the ad-hoc payment.
Reaching out to the flood-hit people in Kashmir valley, Public Sector Insurance Companies has deployed 279 survey teams in valley.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #insurance
The General Insurance Companies shall be holding a three-day mega camp for J&K flood Related Insurance claims from September 29 to October 1 under the banner 'Tatpar Aapke Saath'.
Among the services to be provided at these camps are on the spot guidance for claim settlement, receiving claim intimations from the flood affected families and deputing surveyors for assessment of loss.
A meeting was held today under the chairmanship of Principal Secretary, Finance, B B Vyas with representatives different insurance companies to take review on deployment of Survey Teams to expeditiously settle the Insurance claims and issues both under Life and General Insurance Sectors.
This is in the backdrop of Chief Minister, Omar Abdullah's communication to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi earlier this monthm requesting Union Finance Ministry to issue instruction to the Insurance Companies to activate their field Surveyors and Assessors and to establish offices across the State for timely disposal of insurance claims.
1

India rejects Pakistan s Kashmir remarksIndia rejects Pakistan s Kashmir remarks
Congress win in bypolls tells BJP it has to work to keep its promisesPrint
Fresh from Rajasthan bypoll win, PCC chief Sachin Pilot explains the ‘surgical management’ that led to the victory, why those 3 seats matter nationally, and what the Congress did wrong in the LS polls. This Idea Exchange was moderated by Assistant Editor Manoj C G.
Written by Manoj C G | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:37 am
Fresh from Rajasthan bypoll win, PCC chief Sachin Pilot explains the ‘surgical management’ that led to the victory, why those 3 seats matter nationally, and what the Congress did wrong in the LS polls. This Idea Exchange was moderated by Assistant Editor Manoj C G.
Why  Sachin Pilot
Months after getting routed in the Assembly and Lok Sabha elections in Rajasthan, Sachin Pilot scripted a remarkable turnaround for the Congress, winning three of the four Assembly seats where by-elections were held recently. It was an uphill task given the fact that the Congress was reduced to 21 MLAs in the Assembly and failed to send even a single MP to Lok Sabha from the state. Besides, by-elections are generally tilted in favour of the ruling party. A former Union minister, Pilot, who was appointed head of the Rajasthan Congress in January, is also one of the next generation Congress leaders who loosely form Team Rahul Gandhi.
Manoj C G: The trend in the recent by-elections has been the ruling party winning seats, be it in Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka or Uttarakhand. But that wasn’t the case in Rajasthan where the Congress won three of the four seats that went to polls.
What happened in Rajasthan is significant because all the four seats that went to polls were held by the BJP and they had won all by huge margins. So not many were betting on the Congress in the by-elections. Our campaigning, selection of candidates, strategising, management of poll booths at the panchayat level, decentralisation of workers, all came together and we were able to pull off this victory. The Chief Minister had a lot of stake in it and she put in a lot of effort and resources. (But we won) perhaps because in its nine months, the Rajasthan government has not been able to live up to people’s expectations.
Coomi Kapoor: But in the Lok Sabha elections, you had got totally wiped out.
The (Rajasthan) Assembly elections had seen the Congress being reduced to a historic low — 21 seats, or 10 per cent of 200. I think because the Lok Sabha elections were held so soon after that, we weren’t able to come out of the shadow of this massive loss. Not to say that we did better in any other state — in seven states, we didn’t even open our account. But after such a massive loss, in 100 days, we’ve been able continued…
It wasn’t social engineering or campaigning strategy that  Mr Amit Shah may take credit for, it was simple polarisation. The good work of the government can’t get the kind of instant votes that religious fervour can.

From the discomfort Zone: Psychologically aesthetic ItaliansPrint
Written by Shombit Sengupta | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:35 am
Italian art fascinated me when I first discovered it at my art college in Kolkata. Coming as I did from my mud-house refugee colony then, I’d considered the solid-structured British architecture college building itself to be a place of pilgrimage. Today I can see how it was art alone that saved me from extreme poverty where an important breadwinner in our joint family, my schoolteacher mother, was quite vulnerable, regularly bleeding from her nose and mouth from malnourishment and overwork.
Somehow I was terrified by school exams; that’s probably why I still have no degree beyond matriculation. But the art college entrance exam was most exciting. We had to draw a human figure in front of the professor, an exercise that our refugee colony neighbour, Subhinoy, had made me practice since childhood. Subhinoy, with his outstanding artistic talent, was my role model. He couldn’t exploit art for livelihood generation, so he did some basic work in electric supply. The incomparable learning I got from him was so vital that I believe it is the blood of my art. It allowed me my first leapfrog into Kolkata Government College of Art & Craft.
Our college library exposed me to the amazing skills of Italian artists. Leonardo da Vinci’s quality of observation captured through sepia conté drawing of drapery and the natural folds of fabric coming alive with just pencil sketching made my mind turn upside down. He started my passionate love affair with incredible Mediterranean art and culture of the last 2,000 years. Italy taught me artistic sense and elegance in art and industrial design.
Vincent van Gogh’s artistic palette changing from the dark Dutch Potato Eaters to the bright Sunflowers on arrival in France was my inspirational pull to go to Paris in 1973. So in art, Italy is my mind, France is my heart and Subhinoy is my blood.
Departing on Air India for Paris, something incredible happened. The airhostess announced a transit in Rome, and do you know what mesmerised me more? The airport’s name was Leonardo da Vinci! I hadn’t known that. Actually, I didn’t even know the meaning of transit. She said we could stay in the aircraft or disembark. I was enthralled but hesitant; what if the plane flies away without me? Then I took the bold step of touching the airport floor. This immediately took me to another planet mentally, my first step on Europe, the country of Raphael, da Vinci, Michelangelo that I had studied with my pencils in art college. Now here I was, taking this unforgettable step into Rome airport with its elegant Italian marble flooring. All the money I had with me was $8, but I could not resist buying and posting a postcard to my mother about experiencing Europe. Italy continues to drive me to imbibe artistry and elegance in design.
In 1986, a famous Italian company hired my company to work for their pasta brand. Their marketing wing briefed me about the different varieties of pastas. We visited the factory to see how continued…
Somehow I was terrified by school exams; that’s probably why I still have no degree beyond matriculation.

Inside track: The Orissa eraManmohan Singh’s PMO was dominated by officials from Kerala, including T K A Nair, Shivshankar Menon and M K Narayanan.
Written by Coomi Kapoor | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:35 am
The Orissa era
Manmohan Singh’s PMO was dominated by officials from Kerala, including T K A Nair, Shivshankar Menon and M K Narayanan. The buzz in South Block is that, in the new regime, it’s Orissa that dominates. P K Mishra, Additional Principal Secretary in the PMO, who is from the Gujarat cadre, belongs to Orissa and is in charge of appointments. In the past few months, there have been a large number of appointments in the Central Government of officers belonging to either Orissa or the Orissa cadre. G Mohan Kumar is the new Secretary, Defence Production; Shaktikanta Das is Secretary, Revenue; Prakash Misra, Special Secretary, Internal Security; S K Panda, Textile Secretary; H K Das, Inter-State Council Secretariat Secretary; Jugal Kishore Mohapatra, Secretary, Fertilisers; Satyanarayan Mohanty, Secretary, Department of Higher Education; and Shubha Sarma is Secretary, Central Electricity Regulatory Commission.
Guruprasad Mohapatra, formerly Ahmedabad municipal commissioner, is now Joint Secretary, Ministry of Commerce, U P Singh is Joint Secretary in the Petroleum and Natural Gas Ministry, Arun Kumar Panda is Additional Secretary, Health & Family Welfare, Saurabh Garg is Joint Secretary in the Department of Economic Affairs, IFS officer Binay Srikanta Pradhan is Private Secretary to the minister of state for Petroleum and Natural Gas, and Debjani Chakrabarti is Deputy Secretary in the Road Transport and Highways Ministry.
Madamji’s orders
CBI DIRECTOR Ranjit Sinha has informed the Supreme Court that he had no knowledge of a diary listing the names of all his visitors which was maintained by guards at his residence at 2 Janpath. But Sinha’s wife was obviously aware of this practice. This can be seen from a noting in the diary in Hindi. A guard has noted in the book that by order of “madamji”, the full name of those entering as well as their car licence plate numbers should be entered. One of the visitors was simply described as “chairman”.
The note elaborates that “madamji” did not find this designation acceptable. Despite these clear instructions, the guards did not enter specific names in all cases. Women visitors were referred to mostly as “ladies”: “Rakesh Kumar + 1 ladies”, “Dilip Shah + 2 ladies”, or “Qureshi ki wife”, and so on. Even some lawyer visitors were entered simply as “advocateji”.
Ministerial apathy
Officials of Bharat Heavy Industries Limited (BHEL) have for long been planning the public sector undertaking’s golden jubilee celebrations falling on November 14. The idea was to confirm the date with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is expected to inaugurate the function. It was also hoped that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would release a coin and Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad a stamp to mark the event. However, the programme is still to be firmed up because Minister for Heavy continued…

Out of my mind: Mangal hoThe fantastic achievement of Mangalyaan is a tribute to the young leadership of India’s Independence movement.
Written by Meghnad Desai | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:35 am
The fantastic achievement of Mangalyaan is a tribute to the young leadership of India’s Independence movement. Gandhiji was against machinery and all things modern. But Jawaharlal Nehru and Subhas Chandra Bose were all for modernisation, science and technology. They were neither disdainful of Western technology, even though the Imperialists had brought it to India, nor did they share the odd ideas of the traditionalists that ancient India had all the modern science and technology. The point was not that we had the ‘Pushpak Vimana’ in the Ramayana. Where was the factory to make hundreds of such vimanas?
Bose and Nehru wanted independent India to industrialise as rapidly as possible and set up the National Planning Committee in 1938 to plan for the future of India. From the outset, Nehru exhorted independent India to acquire a scientific and rationalistic spirit. We had to watch the newsreel at the start of every film during those days. There would be Panditji haranguing us in his somewhat feeble voice about the spirit of modern India. He set up research institutions for advanced work even when many were urging that, in a poor country, such research would be a luxury. He encouraged Homi Bhabha, Vikram Sarabhai and others to aim for the best and compete with the world in the field of research. India was setting up satellites when its trains barely ran on time.
The instinct was correct. Progress is non-linear. You have to leapfrog if you are behind the rest. Setting up good research institutions takes a lot of time and needs good people who spurn money and love work. They collaborate with their equals in merit, regardless of age or status. These people are the real karmayogis. One could see their happiness when they had successfully launched the spacecraft to rendezvous with Mars. They boasted little till then and, even now, their reward will not be in golden statues or fat contracts to promote perfumes. The joy of a fantastically complicated and innovative work well done is something you cannot measure in any scale. Only those who have done such work know what pleasure comes from a delicate piece of engineering well done or an elegant mathematical proof.
Alas! Elsewhere in the Indian educational system, the standards are deplorably low. Not a single Indian university makes it in the top 200 in the world. The culture is of promotion by age regardless of merit, the perpetuation of mediocrity, and the thousands of unnecessary bureaucratic regulations coming from the UGC and other busy bodies which have no interest in excellence but only in maintenance of their rule. The recent scuttling of the Delhi University experiment of a four-year degree tells all. No innovation is allowed. If arguments will not win it for the continued…

The sunday story : The Bal ThackeraysPrint
It was more than half the seats in the Maharashtra Assembly, showed the Sena had learnt a trick or two from the BJP’s Lok Sabha campaign, and was a number that had been set much earlier by the other Thackeray now firmly on the stage, 24-year-old Aditya.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:22 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:13 am
Last Sunday, September 21, Uddhav Thackeray took the centrestage at a small auditorium in a Mumbai suburb. With talks between the party and its ally BJP stuck, a moderate gathering of Shiv Sena workers and leaders waited anxiously, hoping to hear him lay down the party’s political strategy. Uddhav, flanked by large screens that captured his every move, rose to address them.
The 54-year-old who had always lived in his father’s shadow, during his life and more so after his death, delivered what was his finest speech that morning. Not known to be either a “go-getter” or “aggressive” — gentler terms for qualities seen as necessary to lead a party as wrought on machismo as the Sena — Uddhav thundered, “Mark my words, ‘Mission 151!’.”
Source: Ganesh Shirsekar
The word quickly travelled to the BJP headquarters in Delhi. That number was the most ambitious the Sena had set for itself in the two parties’ attempts to forge an arrangement for the Assembly elections next month.
It was more than half the seats in the Maharashtra Assembly, showed the Sena had learnt a trick or two from the BJP’s Lok Sabha campaign, and was a number that had been set much earlier by the other Thackeray now firmly on the stage, 24-year-old Aditya.
What was being only sensed so far by a quizzical BJP, that prides itself as much on its shrewd politics as its negotiation skills, was now evident. Facing his first major election after Bal Thackeray’s death in November 2012, Uddhav would not be a pushover. “If the Mahayuti (grand alliance) stays, fine,” he told his audience, amid loud whistles and thundering claps. “Else, we are all set to fight alone.”
For three days after that, even as the BJP slid up and down from its original demand of 130 seats, with 140 for the Sena, in the hope of retrieving their 25-year-old alliance, Uddhav did not budge. After the tie-up was finally called off and the BJP still struck out a conciliatory hand, he didn’t take it, rather dismissing them with, “Take it or leave it.”
The next day, he went silent, after — sources said — putting in place the Sena’s “war room” to head into what looks like a very difficult battle.
While some are seeing Uddhav’s actions as continued…
People make a mistake in reading Uddhav,” says political analyst Suresh Jondhale.  “He is not aggressive, but he is certainly assertive. I am not going into the merits of whether his decision is right or wrong, but he surely stood his ground.

Vikram Bhatt happy with Bipasha Basu-starrer  Creature 3D  box office collectionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vigorous exercise affects your oral healthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1nhsmVvFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
How easy is it to pair new iPhones to your car?
The pros at Cars.com put the new iPhones to the test to learn what type of features these phones offer drivers.
Post to Facebook
How easy is it to pair new iPhones to your car? The pros at Cars.com put the new iPhones to the test to learn what type of features these phones offer drivers. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sv1N0Z
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
How easy is it to pair new iPhones to your car?
Video Keywords iPhone 5 Mercedes-Benz apple product Bluetooth free options free telephone Hyundai Sonata
If you're one of the ten million people who bought the new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, then you no doubt are wondering if it will pair to your car. The pros at Cars.com put the new phones to the test to learn what type of features these phones offer drivers. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  The ten million. Bought the brand new iPhone six or
00:06  six plus then you no doubt are wondering if it will
00:10  -- to your car. The president cars dot com put the
00:14  new phones to the test to learn what type of features
00:16  these phones offer for drivers. And men among you get hands
00:21  free telephone if the car supports that. And as well if
00:25  you connect the iPhone six with the court. Typically you can
00:30  see. The music listings that you have sort through them and
00:34  played them back through the car stereo. Again relies on the
00:37  card to be able to do that. And then there's Bluetooth
00:41  connectivity. It's still connects through Bluetooth usually there's less functionality of
00:45  -- and at least the ability. To skip tracks and play
00:49  through the stereo. You've got your iPhone six in your ready
00:52  to connect is there anything fancy you need to know when
00:55  trying to -- the phone with your car. Well for people
00:58  who have the iPhone 5 connecting an iPhone six in their
01:02  car will be essentially the same. The connectors the same it's
01:05  the small whitening connector. If you have an earlier iphones that
01:08  has a wide connector called thirty pin you might at minimum
01:12  need to get. An adapter which isn't too expensive. Again you
01:17  should be able to connect through Bluetooth the same way you
01:20  always did it sounds like connecting the new iphones is pretty
01:23  simple. But with any new technology. You're bound to run into
01:27  some glitches right. We compare the iPhone six. With many different
01:32  tests vehicles. From 2014 and when he fifteen. And so far
01:37  both with Bluetooth and connecting using the -- we had no
01:40  problems. And this is great to see because when the iPhone
01:44  5 came out. We had a lot of trouble and it
01:47  took quite a while to figure out that the phone had
01:49  to be turned off and turned back on. This time they
01:52  seem to work right out of about. When talking about phones
01:55  and driving we must reiterate to you never text while driving.
01:59  And to follow your State's rules for phone use wind behind
02:03  the wheel. Be sure to utilize the hands free options on
02:06  the iPhone six whenever possible. If you're having gotten your hands
02:11  on the new iphones but your agent for a new apple
02:13  product in your car have no fear. The next big step
02:17  in. The safe use of an iPhone will come with a
02:21  feature called apple car play. That will mirror more of the
02:25  features on the phone like navigation. On -- -- on our
02:29  cars display in the dashboard. -- but the thing is that
02:32  is going to be feature of the car typically as an
02:35  option. Two of the models will be early in offering us
02:38  in the next few months are the Hyundai Sonata for 2015
02:42  and the Mercedes-Benz C class. Your next week cross. Let's take
02:47  place until the cars actually catch up you're still pretty limited
02:52  to what you can do -- -- iPhone six vs an
02:54  iPhone 5.
David Thomas, Cars.com 11:27 a.m. EDT September 26, 2014
Cars.com tests the iPhone 6 compatibility in new cars.
(Photo: David Thomas / Cars.com)
49 CONNECT 37 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When the iPhone 5 rolled out in September 2012, we had some major trouble getting it to work in our fleet of test cars. Thankfully, it turned out to be a simple fix. With the iPhone 6, it seems there are little to no hiccups with car integration.
First, we tested the iPhone 6's basic iTunes functions, which was something that didn't work for the iPhone 5.
We had a 2015 Dodge Challenger R/T with the Uconnect multimedia system at our Chicago headquarters. The iPhone paired easily with Uconnect, quickly bringing up all track information and album artwork. Then we tried our long-term 2014 Chevy Impala equipped with the MyLink multimedia system. Again, track info and album artwork immediately displayed.
Next was the all-new 2015 Mercedes-Benz C-Class, which is in for two weeks of testing with us.
In the past, Mercedes — Audi and BMW too — uses a proprietary cable to get an iPhone to work with the multimedia system. The cable is the old 30-pin kind — even up until the most recent model year. The C-Class had a proprietary cable, but it was outfitted for the new Lightning adapter and ... everything worked just ducky.
What about the MyFord Touch system — much maligned by our editors — in the 2015 Ford C-Max Energi I tested over the weekend?
Sigh, it worked fine, too.
My hunt for a giant glitch came up empty except I found that one of my syncs of the phone and iTunes at home went awry and my music hadn't completely downloaded, leaving MyFord Touch to go haywire trying to find downloaded music. That looks to be Apple's fault. Ford and all the automakers seem well-prepared for the latest smartphone from Apple.
49 CONNECT 37 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sv1N0Z
Find New & Used Cars

Friends of the Parks rolls against Lucas museum siteChiConfidential @therealfitz @nickkokonas @Gachatz Thanks Moshe!
John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune
Cassandra Francis, president of Friends of the Parks, gives a trolley bus tour Wednesday of possible alternative sites for the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art.
Cassandra Francis, president of Friends of the Parks, gives a trolley bus tour Wednesday of possible alternative sites for the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art. (John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune)
Friends of the Parks' Lucas Museum strategy: Petitions, letter-writing, trolley tours. But no lawsuit yet.
Cassandra Francis' goal is to convince anyone who will listen that the proposed site of the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art is not a done deal.
The group Francis leads, Friends of the Parks, is organizing a petition drive and letter-writing campaign opposing plans for the museum to cover two parking lots south of Soldier Field.
Friends of the Park trolly tour
Friends of the Parks president Cassandra Francis gives trolly bus tour of possible alternate sites for the Lucas Museum of Narrative Arts. (John J. Kim/Tribune)
Friends of the Parks president Cassandra Francis gives trolly bus tour of possible alternate sites for the Lucas Museum of Narrative Arts. (John J. Kim/Tribune)
See more videos
On Wednesday evening, for the second time, she took anyone interested in hearing her pitch on a trolley tour of the planned site and nearby locations the group prefers: vacant land once home to Michael Reese Hospital and the McCormick Place marshaling yard, where semitrucks hauling exhibition equipment park to wait out conventions.
Coke, Miller Lite and hard cider were served. Most opted for Coke. Everyone was handed a boxed sandwich and sides from Corner Bakery as the trolley bounced and rattled through downtown at sunset. Fifteen minutes in, it smelled of potato chips.
"Has everyone had a chance to sign the petition?" Friends of the Parks policy director Melanie Moore asked, clipboard at the ready, the trolley idling and the "L" roaring overhead on Jewelers Row.

Sue Gin  1941-2014: Entrepreneur launched airline catering business1
Driven to success, Ms. Gin met a kindred spirit in William McGowan, founder and chairman of MCI Communications, whom she married in 1984. He died after suffering a heart attack in 1992.
She never forgot her roots, however, working throughout her life to help women and immigrants better their lives.
"At DePaul, Sue worked tirelessly as a trustee to support our first-generation students, because she saw herself in them," said the Rev. Dennis H. Holtschneider, president of DePaul, where she received an honorary degree in 2009. "Every student who has prepared for scientific and health careers at DePaul owes Sue Gin a great debt of gratitude, for she fiercely led the fundraising campaigns for both of the new buildings in which they study."
Ms. Gin "fought tirelessly for immigrant workers and their families with a big heart and a clear, uncompromising voice," said a statement released by the Illinois Business Immigration Coalition, or IBIC, where she served on the steering committee.
Ms. Gin served on the boards of Exelon, Chicago Botanic Garden, DePaul, The Field Museum and Rush University Medical Center. She also headed the board of the William G. McGowan Charitable Fund, a philanthropic family foundation advancing causes championed by her late husband.
"This is a huge loss for all of us," John Rowe, chairman emeritus of Exelon and IBIC co-chairman, said in the statement. "We will try to live her example."
"Sue was a wonderful, energetic and bright woman who cared about making a difference in the world," said Carole Segal, co-founder of Crate and Barrel and IBIC co-chairwoman.
A lifelong Chicagoan, Ms. Gin kept a second home near Virginia Beach, Va., where the hard-charging businesswoman went for relaxation, according to niece Sherilyn Kingsbury. There, she would thrust herself into an avocational passion — gardening — but her entrepreneurial nature would show.
"She grew things that weren't supposed to be grown in certain climates," Kingsbury said. "She fused different things together and created new things. Even as a gardener, she was always up for a challenge, always doing things that people said couldn't be done."
Ms. Gin is survived by three nieces and a nephew.
Visitation is Tuesday from 4 to 8 p.m. and Wednesday from 10 to 11:30 a.m., with mass at 1 p.m. Wednesday in St. Vincent de Paul Parish at 1010 W. Webster Ave., Chicago. A private burial will follow in Wilkes-Barre, Pa. The family requests donations be made to the Sue Gin Memorial c/o the Mercy Home for Boys & Girls, 1140 W. Jackson Blvd., Chicago, 60607 or through mercyhome.org/donate .

World Leaders Speak Live at the U.N. General Assembly Debateworld leaders speak live at the u.n. general assembly debate
US hits ISIS in Syria as UK bombers fly over IraqBritish warplanes return from Iraq without bombing
AFP
print
British warplanes flew their first mission over Iraq since parliament authorised strikes against Islamic State jihadists, but returned without bombing on Saturday, the ministry of defence in London said.
Royal Air Force Tornado GR4 combat jets returned to Britain's RAF Akrotiri base on Cyprus without dropping any of their load of Paveway IV laser-guided bombs, after a seven-hour mission that began before dawn from the Mediterranean island.
"On this occasion no targets were identified as requiring immediate air attack by our aircraft," a ministry spokesman said.
However, the jets' surveillance gathered information that will "help acquire potential targets for future operations, either by aircraft or Iraqi ground forces," the spokesman said.
British lawmakers had on Friday voted overwhelmingly to join the US-led air strikes in northern Iraq following a formal request for help from the Iraqi government.
Royal Air Force Tornado GR4 fighter jets prepare to take off at the Akrotiri British RAF airbase near the Cypriot port city of Limassol. (AFP Photo)
Six British Tornados have been based on Cyprus since last month, from where they have been conducting reconnaissance missions, but the vote allows their role to expand to include striking IS targets.
The campaign against the Islamist group gathered pace this week, as Belgium and Denmark agreed to join the bombing and Britain's lower house of parliament voted in favour of air strikes in Iraq.
A fresh round of bombings by the US, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and the United Arab Emirates damaged an IS-held airfield, a garrison and a training camp today near the group's headquarters in Raqa, the Pentagon said.
In Iraq, a fighting position and four armed vehicles were hit, it added.
IS's brutal abuses against civilians, rival fighters and Arab and Western hostages, as well as its success in recruiting Western members, have triggered international alarm.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said on Saturday the RAF was there to "play our part".
"We are one part of a large international coalition," he said during a visit to Didcot, southern England.
"But the crucial part of that coalition is that it is led by the Iraqi government, the legitimate government of Iraq, and its security forces. We are there to play our part and help deal with this appalling terrorist organisation."
Besides the Tornados, the RAF also has a Rivet Joint spy plane in the region which is stepping up surveillance efforts to identify potential targets.

Many ups and downs of super star Jaya | Sentenced to 4 yrs | Legal wranglesThe many ups and downs of super star Jayalalithaa
Rajesh Ramachandran, ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 10.07PM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(Till the higher courts declare…)
The cortege of MG Ramachandran, the screen god and off-screen messiah of the unlettered Tamil masses, was slowly moving towards the Marina beach. Suddenly, a very pretty 38-year-old woman in all white was seen desperately scrambling atop the flower-laden gun-carriage with MGR's body, only to be thrown out of the vehicle. That was year 1987 and the desperate woman was Jayalalithaa Jayaram. Every time she is thrown out of fortune's funereal procession, she climbs back to greater glory.
Unless she gets tired and gives up, nobody in Tamil Nadu can dislodge her from her political pedestal, least of all a judicial set back. Sure, she may not be able to continue as a chief minister, so what? In 2001, in a land mark judgment, Chief Justice of India termed Governor Fatima Beevi's conduct of swearing-in a convicted person wrong and made Jayalalithaa resign from her post. Then, her conviction in the celebrated TANSI case (again a corruption scandal) was soon set aside and she bounced back to rule the state for two more terms.
So, a conviction in the disproportionate assets case now is no big deal for Jayalalithaa, unless and until she exhausts all her legal options in the higher courts. Till the higher courts declare her to be unfit to rule, Jayalalithaa has enough space to maneouvre in Tamil Nadu politics.
O Panneer Selvam, the man who is supposed to have retained the tea stall of his younger days at home town Periyakulam for old time's sake, is still available to be a quick replacement. Last time around, when Jaya made him the chief minister of Tamil Nadu, he publicly fell at her feet and carried her photograph on the breast pocket of his see-through shirt all those six months he was asked to run the TN government for her.
And if she installs Panneer Selvam as chief minister for the second time, she will be making the strong Thevar masses of Southern TN again obliged to her. Well, it is another contradiction that a Brahmin woman represents one of the important patriarchal OBC caste groups of TN, simply because her friend Sasikala Natarajan is a Thevar.
But all her life is a contradiction wrapped in an enigma. Her mother, a failed actress, pulled a 15-year-old studious Jaya out of a convent to make her one of the biggest screen divas of southern film industry. She paired with the most charismatic actor of Tamil, MGR, and then went on to become his companion in politics too, when he founded the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, splitting the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam. She was made the propaganda secretary of the party in 1983 and the next year, MGR packed her off to Delhi as a Rajya Sabha member. She is credited by many for AIADMK's victory in 1984 after MGR was stricken with a debilitating disease.
  Then her mentor died, she was thrown out of the procession, her party and virtually had not place to go. MGR's wife Janaki Ramachandran took over AIADMK and became the chief minister. Jaya was just another Rajya Sabha MP and a star well past her prime. But her dramatic comeback in 1989 leading her own faction of MGR's party to become the state's first woman Opposition leader is the stuff only of movies. She was assaulted in the assembly and swore never to return till she assumes power. And from nowhere she did become chief minister of TN in 1991.
The next five years were the most damaging for her career. She was just 43 and had no administrative experience. All the ghosts that still haunt her go back to this 5-year-term: TANSI that took her to jail first and now the disproportionate assets case. Around the time she was arrested in 1996-97, there was a much televised raid at her house which yielded 28 kg of gold, 750 pairs of shoes and 10,000 saris. No wonder people called her the Imelda Marcos of India.
Then she wore a cape, left her hair grey and made her cadre call her "Amma". Now after 20 years of national and state-level scandals, her Rs 66 crore-case seems puny. After all, the 2G scamsters and the Aircel-Maxis accused are all her opponents, from her state. An 18-year-old case doesn't necessarily have to rob her off her newly nurtured Ammahood.
The Amma canteens and Amma pharmacy, feeding and treating the poor, have carefully crafted the image of an ageing leader who cares for the less privileged. She is now a seasoned politician who has seen much and has the sagacity to steer her one woman-party, during this storm. Unless, of course, Amma has grown too old and tired of all the mad scrambling she had to do all these years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM at UNGA: Let s move towards G-All | Key takeaways | CoverageBan Ki-Moon
(Modi said countries should…)
NEW DELHI: Talking of the need for creating a world with sustainable growth, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his address at the UN General Assembly said, "We must ask ourselves why despite the existence of a body like UN, various other groups such as G8 are there. Why should we not work towards G-All," Modi exhorted.
"We have to rise above the concept of zero-sum game. We have to stop looking at profit and loss in everything," Modi told the Assembly. "No single nation can govern the fate of the world. We have to work together," Modi reiterated.
"When we craft agreements on international trade we should accommodate each other's concerns and interests. Every Government will have to fulfill their responsibilities for development, which means better coordination of policies," Modi told the assembly.
"Let us pledge that 2015 will mark the year when we steer the world in a new direction. let us work towards a sustainable world," Modi said. "Let us fulfil the promise to reform UN Security Council by 2015," Modi said.
"Terrorism is emerging in new forms and names everyday. No nation is free of terrorism," Modi said. "There are some nations that are giving to refuge to terrorism...the shadow of terrorism must end," Modi added.
Modi said that all countries should work together to counter terrorism. "We need Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism," Modi urged. "We must work together for peace in both outer space and cyber space," he said.
Slamming Pakistan for raising the issue of Kashmir , Modi said, "First create an atmosphere for peaceful talks. This is not the platform to raise this issue." "We are ready to engage with Pakistan, but without the shadow of terrorism," Modi asserted.
"Pakistan must also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment," he said.
"From the first day, NDA government has worked towards promoting friendship and cooperation with its neighbours," he added.
Modi stared his maiden address as PM at the UN General Assembly by saying, "India is a country with 1/6th of the world's population."
"Every nation, every country's view is shaped by its civilization and its philosophical tradition. India sees the entire world as a family," Modi said. "Law, dignity, opportunity and prosperity for the world is what we have always spoken of. Indian culture believes in brotherhood," Modi added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Glen Canyon Dam  Key Water Source  Marks 50 YearsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Reading India and world  through PMs speechesWritten by Praveen Swami | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:13 am
INDIRA GANDHI, 1983: India as Third-World Spokesperson
Faced with the Punjab insurgency, a sputtering economy, and criticism over corruption at home, she cast herself as spokesperson for the have-nots
On Economy: Even the modest expectations of our peoples are far beyond our present means… We are hard put to preserve our independence because of the many economic, political and military pressures… The present world economic order is based on domination and inequality.
On Global security: A golden opportunity exists for Israel to… obtain true peace… Borders (with Arabs) should no longer become marked by trenches, barbed wire and barricades… This relentless search for ever-increasingly barbaric weapons systems is undertaken in the name of security.
RAJIV GANDHI, 1988: India as Global Leader
He spoke after Operation Brasstacks, which the Pak military read as a plan for a massive armoured thrust to cut their country in two. Pak responded by threatening the use of nuclear weapons, which Rajiv took very seriously.
On Nukes: We propose that all nuclear weapons be leached of legitimacy by negotiating an international convention which outlaws (their) threat or use… (Need) a binding commitment… to eliminating nuclear weapons by the year 2010 at the latest.
On New Order: Technological revolutions of our century have created unparalleled wealth… There is plenty for everyone, provided distribution is made more equitable. Yet… resources which could give fulfillment in life are pre-empted for death.
ATAL BIHARI  VAJPAYEE, 2002: The Challenge of Terror
Spoke in Hindi, a first. He also addressed a world transformed by 9/11, and said he would negotiate on Kashmir only after terrorism stopped.
On Pakistan: (Gen Pervez Musharraf) has offered to encourage a general cessation of violence in return for “reciprocal obligations and restraints”. We totally refuse to let terrorism become a tool of blackmail. Just as the world did not negotiate with al-Qaeda or the Taliban, we shall not negotiate with terrorism… When the cross-border terrorism stops — or when we eradicate it — we can have a dialogue with Pakistan on the other issues between us.
MANMOHAN SINGH, 2011: The Global Economic Meltdown
Already hailed as the man who dragged India out of decades of slow growth into an unprecedented boom, he was applauded for having protected India from the global financial crisis.
On the Financial Crisis: Till a few years ago the world had taken for granted the benefits of globalisation and global interdependence. Today we are being called upon to cope with their negative dimensions… The world economy is in trouble. The shoots of recovery which were visible after the economic and financial crisis of 2008 have yet to blossom.

In times of love jihad  two Gujarat spiritual heads give harmony lessonPrint
Written by Syed Khalique Ahmed | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:05 am
As the VHP’s ‘love jihad’ campaign mars Navratri festivities in parts of Gujarat, two religious leaders in the state have set the example of communal harmony. Well-known religious preacher Morari Bapu has financed the Haj pilgrimage of a kulfi seller in Talgajarda village in Bhavnagar. On the other hand, a Muslim spiritual leader, Saiyed Mehndi Bapu, of the nearby Ratol village, gave 5.5 bighas of his ancestral land for a Shiva temple.
This comes at a time when the VHP has launched a crusade to prevent entry of Muslim youths inside garba venues across the state.
Morari Bapu has known 79-year-old Yunusbhai Malek as “Nathabhai” since childhood. Malek earns his livelihood by selling kulfi in the village. One day, as he was returning home, Morari Bapu asked if Malek had performed Haj. “I told him that I was a poor man and could not afford Haj,” Malek said. “But Morari Bapu asked me not to worry about money and asked me to begin preparations. He promised that he will arrange money for my Haj,” said Malek.
“Morari Bapu paid Rs 6.20 lakh to help me and my wife go for Haj,” said Malek.  When contacted, Morari Bapu said, “His Haj is more significant than the money I arranged for it.”
In the Muslim-dominated Ratol village in Bhavnagar, a kilometre from Talgajarda, Muslim spiritual leader Saiyed Mehndi Bapu, the village’s biggest landlord, donated 5.5 bighas of his ancestral land for a Shiva temple. “I donated it for the expansion of Shiva temple to accommodate the increasing number of devotees,” said Mehndi Bapu. “I invited Morari Bapu to the function when I handed over the land documents to the trustees running the Shiva temple,” he added.

PR rep handling media for Ferguson was convicted of reckless homicideBy Sarah Larimer September 26 Follow @slarimer
Devin James, far left, pictured next to Ferguson mayor James Knowles III. (Photo courtesy Devin James Group)
The man who has been handling public relations for the city of Ferguson, Mo., was convicted of reckless homicide in 2006 after fatally shooting an unarmed man, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported .
Devin James told the paper that he shot Rodney Steward in self defense during a robbery attempt in Tennessee 10 years ago. He said he discusses his criminal history with clients, and Ferguson mayor James Knowles III said the city knew about James’s past before it agreed to a contract with him.
“We haven’t put it out there because he’s not the story,” Knowles told the Post-Dispatch.
But the St. Louis Economic Development Partnership , the agency that was reportedly paying the Devin James Group for its services, ended that relationship Thursday. A spokesperson for the agency told the Post-Dispatch that it wasn’t previously aware of James’s conviction.
“The thing that everyone needs to remember here is I was a subcontracter,” James said in a phone interview Friday. “I was a subcontracter who was given an assignment.”
James, who said he’d continue to work with Ferguson pro bono, said all entities that he worked for — including the partnership — knew about his background, which was seen as an asset. He wasn’t even originally supposed to do PR for the city, an assignment “nobody wanted to touch,” he said.
“The initial conversations were about the unrest in the African American community and so the conversations were, Devin you’re black, you have a background that lends itself to being able to relate to some of the people. We think this would be a good fit for you,” said James, who also noted the discussions were not carried out in such blunt terms.
James told the Post-Dispatch that he had a turbulent childhood and had belonged to a gang as a teen. He eventually worked his way to the University of Memphis and got a job at an adult bookstore. He was injured in a 2004 shooting and showed a scar to the Post-Dispatch.
James was involved in another shooting months later, and that’s the one that ended with his conviction, the paper reported. He told Memphis police that two men, Rodney Steward and Marcus Moffitt, tried to rob him at his home. Moffitt was armed with a handgun, and James said he ran for his own. Steward and Moffitt fled when they saw James’s gun, and James followed, according to the Post-Dispatch report.
Gunfire was exchanged, and police found Steward dead when they arrived at the scene. A medical examiner found that Steward had been shot multiple times.
The Post-Dispatch has this account of the subsequent court proceedings:
During James’ trial, a Memphis police sergeant testified that all bullet casings at the scene came from James’ gun. The sergeant returned the next day and found “no evidence of bullet strikes inside or outside the house.”
James told the paper that the investigation was botched and complained that the judge had “prior connections” to his family.
Ferguson became the site of protests and unrest following the Aug. 9 shooting of Michael Brown, a black teenager who was killed by Darren Wilson, a white police officer . Brown was unarmed at the time of the shooting, and his body lay in the street for hours after his death .
Crowds gathered in the St. Louis suburb after the 18-year-old’s death, and several have called for Ferguson public officials to step down . The city’s police chief   apologized to the Brown family on Thursday and then tried to join protesters . Local agencies and officials were heavily criticized for their response to the aftermath of Brown’s shooting.
Below we’ve posted documents James’s group submitted to officials in August. The Post obtained these after filing a public records request for contracts with the city.

Jayalalithaa stands disqualified as MLA forthwithNew Delhi, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 28, 2014 03:06 IST
Jayalalithaa cannot contest polls for 10 years
J. Venkatesan
The Hindu A file photo of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa.
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Cannot contest 2016 Assembly elections
The AIADMK chief, Ms. Jayalalithaa, who stands disqualified as an MLA forthwith because of her conviction and four-year sentence of imprisonment in the Rs. 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case, cannot contest elections for 10 years including 2016 Assembly polls, unless her conviction is also stayed besides stay of sentence.
She is the first Chief Minister to be disqualified following the Supreme Court verdict last year declaring unconstitutional the protection of three months given to MPs/MLAs in office to prefer an appeal and get a stay in the higher court and continue in office.
As per Section 8 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, a person who is convicted and sentenced to jail even for a day under any provision of the Prevention of Corruption Act stands disqualified to contest any election for a period of six years from the date of such conviction and sentence of imprisonment. This would mean that as of now she cannot contest polls for 10 years.
Though Ms. Jayalalithaa was initially convicted and sentenced to undergo three years imprisonment in the TANSI case (relating to purchase of government property), she was later acquitted by the higher courts. But during pendency of appeal, the High Court refused to stay the conviction. She was initially convicted in the case relating to relaxation of rules to benefit the Pleasant Stay Hotel at Kodaikanal but was acquitted by the higher courts; purchase of coal by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) and purchase of colour television sets for community viewing in villages. In the “Meena Advertisers”, “granite quarrying lease” and “Immunity Scheme” cases, no charge sheet was filed. She is also facing the income tax case in a Chennai court and case of receipt of three lakhs US dollars as gift is pending in the Supreme Court.
The DA case is one of the longest and hardest fought legal battles. Since the case was filed in 1996, Ms. Jayalalithaa and other accused had filed over 1,000 applications/petitions and appeals in various courts resulting in inordinate delay in the disposal of the case.
Ms. Jayalalithaa would be unable to contest in the 2016 Assembly elections in the State unless her sentence and conviction are stayed. However since this is a Prevention of Corruption Act case, the possibility of the higher courts staying her conviction is remote considering the law laid down by the Supreme Court in the case of `K.C. Sareen vs CBI’.
In August 2001, a Bench headed by Justice K.T. Thomas had made it clear that “when conviction is on a corruption charge against a public servant, the appellate court or the revisional court should not suspend the order of conviction during the pendency of the appeal even if the sentence of imprisonment is suspended.”
The apex court had said “It would be a sublime public policy that the convicted public servant is kept under disability of the conviction in spite of keeping the sentence of imprisonment in abeyance till the disposal of the appeal or revision. Though the power to suspend an order of conviction, apart from the order of sentence, is not alien to Section 389(1) of the Cr. P.C., its exercise should be limited to very exceptional cases. Merely because the convicted person files an appeal in challenge of the conviction the court should not suspend the operation of the order of conviction.” As a result she would not be in a position to contest elections in the near future.

Maharashtra poll will be a fight between Congress and BJPPrint
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:39 am
Spearheading the Congress for its toughest battle to retain power in Maharashtra, Prithviraj Chavan says that the people would not opt for regional parties (read NCP, Shiv Sena). In an exclusive interview to Sandeep Ashar, Chavan also fans speculation about a hidden pact between former ally, the NCP, and the BJP by alleging that the former has not fielded candidates in several seats contested by BJP heavyweights.
The gloves are off with all major parties contesting independently. How do you see it play out?
It is ironic that both major alliances in the state have split on the eve of elections. Personal chief ministerial ambitions claimed the alliances in both cases. I believe that the people would vote a single party to power this time.
You resigned from CM’s post following a bitter divorce with NCP. How does it feel to be seen as a caretaker CM?
I have never hankered to cling onto a post. Besides there were only a few days left for the tenure to end.
There has been speculation that a hidden arrangement between the NCP and the BJP led to the split in your alliance.
The NCP has not fielded candidates in several seats where BJP heavyweights are in the fray. It is for you to infer whether this is a hidden arrangement or not.
Who is your party’s principal opponent?
Our principal political opponent has to be the BJP. I believe that people from the state will not vote for regional parties this time. The Lok Sabha outcome is a case in point. While the people elected a wrong person to power, they delivered a decisive mandate.
But in most parts of Western Maharashtra and Marathwada, the Congress would have a direct fight with former ally NCP.
I believe the Congress will register a good result in the belt. We might concede some space to the Shiv Sena and the BJP in some seats.
Ajit Pawar said that the breaking of the alliance was the result of your inability to understand the extent to which an issue between allies could be stretched.
While the Congress and the NCP have fought five elections in the state in an electoral alliance, impossible conditions such as allocations of 30 more seats and share in CM’s post had never been made before. These were ways to break the alliance.
After snapping ties, the NCP has dropped hints that it would target the Congress and mount direct offensives against you during its election campaign. How do you plan to ward off this challenge?
I won’t join them in levelling personal allegations. Let them do it. I am interested in running an election campaign that caters to the state’s interest.

Sena  BJP stick together in civic bodiesPrint
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:33 am
The BJP and Shiv Sena may have split at the state level, but political compulsions have ensured the two parties remain allies in the four municipal corporations of Mumbai, Thane, Kalyan Dombivali and Aurangabad.
BJP leaders have been cautious not to use harsh words against the Sena, reminding themselves that they might yet need a post-poll partner to get past the magic number of 145 in the assembly. I&B Minister Prakash Javadekar described the “developments” as not a split, but a “new turning point”.
The BJP believes partnerships in the civic bodies are a matter of convenience, and not ideologically driven — and hence breaking with the Sena would serve no purpose. Staying together is most important in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, which has a budget of Rs 28,000 crore, and where the partnership helped both parties add strength in Mumbai.
In the 26 municipal corporations across Maharashtra, mainstream parties have often dabbled in partnerships that are outside their coalition commitments. “At present, there is no question of breaking up with the BJP in civic bodies,” a Shiv Sena MP, who declined to be identified, said.

Amit Shah begins push for Mission 145Print
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:30 am
Days after snapping ties with Shiv Sena, BJP on Saturday declared its Mission Maharashtra — 145 seats in the October 15 Assembly elections — with party president Amit Shah holding a meeting with senior state unit leaders to firm up the campaign strategy to counter Sena, Congress, NCP and MNS in the multi-cornered contest.
At the meeting, BJP leaders were cautioned against utterances against the Shiv Sena and asked to focus on the development plank on the lines of the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year while exposing the alleged failures and corruption of the Congress-NCP government, sources said.
The BJP has decided to exploit PM Narendra Modi’s “global appeal” to make deeper inroads in Maharashtra. The state BJP has requested for 20 Modi rallies.
The BJP has fielded candidates in 257 seats, leaving 31 for its smaller allies.  The target is to win 145 of the 257 seats the party is contesting.
“Take the state by storm. Reach out to maximum number of people and carry the message of good governance at the Centre and in the state,” the BJP president reportedly told party leaders.
During the marathon meeting, Shah reviewed the party’s campaign strategies and made it clear that any lapses by state leaders or one-upmanship within the party would not be tolerated.

MLA who wanted no Muslims at garba shares stage with themPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Indore | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:26 am
BJP MLA Usha Thakur, who recently advocated denying entry to Muslim youths inside garba venues in Madhya Pradesh, on Saturday sought to establish her secular credentials by sharing the stage with members of  Rashtrawadi Muslim Manch (RMM), an RSS affiliated outfit, at a religious event in Indore.
Thousands of women attended the event, organised by the MLA’s Samagra Kranti Chetna Manch.
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan did not show up, but state BJP chief Nandkumar Chouhan and other local BJP leaders and elected representatives attended the event.
The RMM members offered chunri before a portrait of goddess Durga at the event and likened it to offering a chader at a Muslim shrine.
In her speech, Thakur skipped the mention of ‘love jihad’ or participation of Muslims in garba events, but it was mentioned in leaflets distributed to the women.  She dissuaded girls and women from wearing “low-waist” ghagaras, “backless” cholis  during garba events.

Man recently fired from Okla. factory beheaded co-worker  police sayBy Abby Ohlheiser , Elahe Izadi and Adam Goldman September 26 Follow @abbyohlheiser Follow @ElaheIzadi Follow @adamgoldmanwp
Police said the man suspected of beheading a woman at an Oklahoma food plant on Friday was fired from his job moments before he carried out the attack. (Reuters)
A man who had just been fired by an Oklahoma City-area food processing plant allegedly severed the head of one of his former co-workers and attacked another before being shot by the company’s chief operating officer, according to police.
The suspect — 30-year-old Alton Nolen — walked into the front office of the Vaughan Foods processing plant in Moore after his firing Thursday and attacked employee Colleen Hufford, Moore Police Sgt. Jeremy Lewis said in a statement .
Nolen attacked Hufford with a knife and severed her head, the statement said. “Yes, she was beheaded,” Lewis confirmed to the Associated Press .
Nolen was attacking a second woman at the plant — 43-year-old Traci Johnson — when, Lewis said, he was shot by Mark Vaughan, a top executive at Vaughan Foods who is also a reserve deputy with the Oklahoma County Sheriff’s Department.
“This was not going to stop if he didn’t stop it,” Lewis said Friday. “It could have gotten a lot worse.”
Nolen was hospitalized and police are waiting until he is conscious to arrest him, according to the AP. Lewis did not know what charges would be filed, the AP reported.
Alton Nolen in a picture from the Oklahoma Department of Corrections taken Oct. 18, 2011. (Oklahoma Department of Corrections via Reuters)
According to the police statement, after interviewing Nolen’s former co-workers, “information was obtained that he recently started trying to convert several employees to the Muslim religion.”
“Due to the manner of death and the initial statements of co-workers and other initial information, the Moore Police Department requested the assistance of the FBI in conducting a background investigation.”
Two federal law enforcement officials told The Post that Nolen is a recent convert to Islam.
One of the federal officials called Nolen’s Facebook page “provocative,” saying it included a photo of Osama bin Laden. A Facebook page appearing to be Nolen’s includes a wide range of photos, including one depicting a beheading and another of Omar al-Shishani, a prominent Islamic State fighter who is Chechen.
But the FBI, which is assisting in the investigation, has so far found no links to terrorism, the officials said. There was also no indication that Nolen was copying the beheadings of journalists in Syria by the Islamic State, the officials said, adding that they are treating this as an incident of workplace violence.
According to Oklahoma Department of Corrections records, Nolen has multiple tattoos that appear to be religious in nature, including an abdominal tattoo of an Arabic greeting that translates to “peace be with you.” The suspect also has a tattoo across his chest pertaining to “Jesus Christ,” and a “praying hands” arm tattoo.
Nolen was convicted in 2011 on drug charges and for assaulting a police officer. When Oklahoma Highway Patrol Trooper Betsy Randolph attempted to arrest him on outstanding warrants during a 2010 traffic stop, Nolen escaped and fled into the woods, News OK reported .
His escape from detention led to a 12-hour manhunt , until he was eventually captured. Nolen spent two years in the Oklahoma prison system, according to Department of Corrections records.
Lewis said Nolen “became angry” after his firing and went to the Vaughan Foods parking lot, then drove to the front of the business, where he hit another vehicle. Nolen, Lewis said, then entered the building, where he encountered Hufford and allegedly attacked her.
Lewis said he didn’t know why Nolen was fired, according to the AP, and a statement from Vaughan Foods made no direct mention of Nolen.
“Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of the team member we lost and all those affected,” company spokeswoman Danielle Katcher said in the statement. “Our focus is on the safety and well-being of our employees. We will provide counseling and support for our team members and support each other through this difficult time.”
The knife used in the attack, Lewis said, was the same kind used by workers at the plant, according to NBC affiliate KFOR .
In a statement, Oklahoma County Sheriff John Whetsel called Vaughan a “hero,” saying: “There is every reason to believe that the lives of untold others were saved who would have been targeted by the suspect if it hadn’t been for Deputy Vaughan’s actions.”
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.
Adam Goldman reports on terrorism and national security for The Washington Post.

Abby Ohlheiser  Elahe Izadi and Adam Goldmanabby ohlheiser  elahe izadi and adam goldman
The most important 10 charts of the weekGet every new post delivered to your Inbox.
Join 26,407 other followers
Build a website with WordPress.com
This website uses technologies not supported by this browser. For the best experience please upgrade your browser. Learn more »
We're currently experiencing technical problems and working with reduced functionality. We should be back in full shortly. Follow us on Twitter for further updates »

Google is tightening the screws on Android to keep control over the webMobile Web
September 26, 2014
Google is in a fascinating position with its Android operating system. It dominates the world’s smartphone market—arguably the most important technology market in history—with only one serious competitor , Apple, behind it. It is also the world’s dominant online search and advertising company , where its leadership is extending to mobile.
Yet the company has no direct control over key parts of Android, such as device design, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution—tasks that are typically handled by its handset or operator partners, ranging from Samsung and Xiaomi to Verizon and Orange. But Google—which initially pitched Android as an “open” platform that anyone could customize—has been working to take more control over Android away from its partners.
The latest: Google’s recent contracts with manufacturers contain new requirements that favor Google’s mobile and web services over potential competitors, according to Amir Efrati at The Information (paywall). These include specific services that must default to Google—search, of course, and others—plus the amount and placement of pre-installed Google apps and services.
This year, the signed agreement said there must be a Google search “widget” on the “default home screen” of the device, along with an icon for the Google Play app store. It said an icon on the device home screen labeled as “Google,” when clicked, must provide access to a “collection” of 13 Google apps (Google Chrome, Google Maps, Google Drive, YouTube, Gmail, Google+, Google Play Music, Google Play Movies, Google Play Books, Google Play Newsstand, Google Play Games, Google+ Photos and Google+ Hangouts). The newer agreement also specified the order in which this collection of apps must be listed, from left to right and top to bottom within the Google icon. Several other Google apps, including Google Street View, Google Voice Search and Google Calendar, must be placed “no more than one level below the Home Screen,” the agreement says. (Device owners can manually change the location of icons on their own.)
As Efrati notes, “hardware makers grumble about Google ‘tightening the screws’ on Android, which powers more than a billion active devices, but most are resigned to the fact they don’t have much choice.” To that point, another recent Efrati report  (paywall) highlights a deal that HTC pursued with Amazon, which fell through:
The deal drew the attention of Google, which oversees Android. Google warned HTC that it wasn’t allowed to “fork,” or make substantial changes, to Android software or it would risk losing support from Google for its flagship devices, which include Google services such as search and maps, according to two people briefed on the matter.
While Google’s moves will always draw snickers from those who remember Android’s early pie-in-the-sky plans for an “Open Handset Alliance,” the company is smart to assert more control over its mobile ecosystem.
Android still suffers as a secondary platform for users and developers, in part because of its early fragmentation and inconsistency problems. There’s no reason Google should be pleased that its huge lead in market share is squandered with lower relative usage —especially as Google’s core search and advertising business relies on usage, engagement, and market dominance to generate profit.
Share this:

Post split  Uddhav accuses BJP of  betrayal ; appeals voters to get a Sena CMComments
While Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Saturday trained his guns on the BJP for the split in the 25-year-old saffron alliance, the latter chose not to engage in mud-slinging, but instead use its trump card — PM Narendra Modi — in the October 15 Assembly elections.
Speaking for the first time after the split, Uddhav launched the Sena’s poll campaign, saying the BJP ‘betrayed’ them.
Advertisement
“Today, you have broken the alliance politically, but what you have damaged is the common thread of Hindutva. No Hindu will forgive you for this… Shiv Sainiks will show you who Maharashtra belongs to,” said the Sena president, while addressing his supporters at the Mahalaxmi Race Course.
Uddhav added that the BJP was making unreasonable demands and even asking for seats that the Sena had for many years. He did not criticise Modi, but taunted BJP over the Lok Sabha polls. “Maharashtra voted strongly for Modi, but what did the Sena get in return? Betrayal?” he said.
Read: Shiv Sena and BJP: How they married and divorced
Meanwhile, BJP president Amit Shah held a closed-door meeting with the party’s state leaders, to finalise their strategy, with the polls now being a five-cornered battle.
Realising that the Sena could garner sympathy, if it accused the BJP of betrayal, Shah and state leaders decided not to counter the former’s charges on public platforms. Sources said Shah and state leaders carefully followed Uddhav’s speech.
The BJP has planned to rely heavily on Modi, to tame the Sena, which after Uddhav’s speech on Saturday, has emerged the main challenger. Other than Congress and NCP, the BJP’s major thrust will be on eating into the Sena’s votes.
Sources said Shah has assured the state BJP unit at least 15 rallies of Modi across the state. The details will be charted out after the PM returns from the US on September 30.
Replying to allegations levelled by BJP leaders that the alliance broke due to his chief ministerial ambitions, Uddhav said: “Yes, I want to get a Shiv Sena chief minister if people want it to happen. What is wrong in that? Didn’t BJP want the same?”
Significantly, Uddhav avoided making any controversial statements and also did not make any mention of the speculations about a Sena-MNS tie-up. He did, however, invoke the issue of “Marathi pride”, but did not target the Gujarati community to corner the BJP.

BJP retains all four alliesExpress News Service | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:56 am
The BJP finally managed to isolate the Shiv Sena on Saturday by getting on board all four smaller allies — Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna, Republican Party of India, Shiv Sangram and Rashtriya Samaj Party, who have together been given 31 of the total 288 seats for the October 15 Assembly polls.
The BJP has now released the list of its 257 candidates.
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis said the BJP’s decision to break away from the Sena was mainly to accommodate the concerns of the smaller allies.
The BJP list of 257 includes 17 women candidates, 28 candidates from scheduled castes and 25 from scheduled tribes.

India Cements board clears de-merger of CSKThe Hindu The CSK transfer is subject to approval from all regulatory agencies. File Photo
TOPICS
management change
Sets January 1, 2015, as the transfer date
The board of The India Cements Ltd. (ICL) has given its consent for hiving off Chennai Super Kings (CSK) into a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company.
The clearance came at a meeting of the board held here on Friday.
The board has set January 1, 2015, as the effective date for transfer of CSK into an independent subsidiary.
The CSK transfer, however, is subject to approval from all regulatory agencies.
The board decision will see net assets of CSK transferred at cost to the proposed new independent outfit.
N. Srinivasan-led ICL has been engaged in the task of identifying non-core businesses of the company.
The objective, it is argued, is to use the management bandwidth effectively for focusing on the core business of the company, that is, cement.
The de-merger of CSK, it is argued, will drive the valuation up for both ICL and CSK.
Sources said the transfer of Chennai Super Kings into a separate company would open up a host of possibilities, eventually helping to realise better valuation.
These sources pointed out that the merger also would clear the pitch for Chennai Super Kings as a company to also look beyond IPL, and at assorted funding options ranging from private equity to even listing on the stock exchanges. The de-merger, sourced averred, would be a ‘win-win’ for both the cement major and the Chennai franchise. 

Bill Gross’s exit is enough to move marketsBy Jonnelle Marte September 26 Follow @jonnelle
Bill Gross, the co-founder of Pacific Investment Management Co., announced Friday that he was stepping down to join rival Janus. This comes after numerous clashes with board members and reports that the firm will be investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for the allegedly inflating bond prices. (Reuters)
Bill Gross, founder of Pacific Investment Management Co. and the manager of the largest bond mutual fund in the world, is stepping down.
Starting next week, Gross, who managed the $222 billion Pimco Total Return Bond fund, will run a new unconstrained bond fund at Janus Capital Group, which announced the move Friday. “After having spent considerable time serving in senior management, it is a time for me to reduce executive and people management responsibilities at a larger firm and focus on the pure aspects of portfolio management at a smaller one,” Gross said in a statement announcing the change.
The reasons for Gross’s departure are still unclear. Gross, who founded Pimco in 1971 and oversaw the firm as it grew to have more than $2 trillion in assets, has seen his reputation bruised in the past several months following the high profile departure of his second-in-command and former chief executive Mohamed El-Erian. Investors have also been fleeing his flagship bond fund after performance wavered, pulling $68.8 billion from the fund during 16 straight months of outflows that began last May, according to fund research firm Morningstar.
Earlier this week, the Wall Street Journal reported that the firm was being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for potentially inflating bond prices in the $3.6 billion Pimco Total Return ETF. And on Friday, reports emerged that other top leaders at Pimco were getting ready to fire Gross.
While the news was not a complete surprise for investors who had been watching the firm, the suddenness of the move– Gross is starting his new job on Monday– may still have implications for regular investors.
There’s a good chance you have exposure to Pimco. With more than $100 billion in defined contribution retirement plans, the Pimco Total Return Bond fund is the largest fund in the 401(k) marketplace, says Ryan Alfred, president  and chief operating officer of BrightScope, a company that tracks retirement plans. More than half of the 55,000 retirement plans offered the bond fund as of 2012, which is on the high end for a mutual fund, Alfred said. That means there’s a good chance investors could see some short-term volatility in their retirement accounts in the wake of the news.
But the key phrase there is short-term. While the departure of Gross and his No. 2 in the same year doesn’t bode well for the stability of the firm,  analysts say the leadership changes shouldn’t lead to an overnight change in the management and performance of Pimco’s funds. Gross was the top manager of the Pimco Total Return Bond fund, but he worked with a large team of analysts and managers who are likely staying on board after he leaves, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research for Morningstar. “This is obviously a sign that there are some serious issues at Pimco,” Kinnel says, “It’s not the end of the world.” Even if the new manager assigned to the fund takes a very different approach, it will likely be implemented gradually, Kinnel says.
His departure is enough to move markets– at least temporarily. Gross’s outlook on the bond market and the economy, expressed in colorful newsletters to investors, was often enough to move the bond market. The day he announced his move was not any different. Yields on 10-year Treasury notes  jumped temporarily to  2.55 percent from 2.50 percent immediately after his statement, sending bond prices down. (That may not seem like a lot, but it’s a big move in the bond market.) Some investors also sold off their Pimco stock funds, causing prices to slump. Market performance is likely to stabilize as investors adjust to the new leadership at Pimco and refocus their attention on other factors like the strength of the economy, Kinnel says.
It will be important to watch what happens next at Pimco, he adds. If a slew of other staff members  leave the firm, that could rock the performance of Pimco’s funds. But if management stabilizes, investors may stay put. Still, Morningstar said shortly after the announcement that it had placed all of Pimco’s funds “under review,” a designation that means it would re-evaluate the funds’ ratings. The research firm downgraded the bond company to a C following the departure earlier this year of El-Erian. While it is too soon for investors to know for sure if they should dump  their Pimco funds, it might be a good time to reassess their bond porfolios, Kinnel says. “But you have time to do it,” he says. “You don’t need to get out this second.”
Read more:

Bill Gross to leave PIMCO  joins JanusBill Gross to leave PIMCO, joins Janus
Your browser does not currently support live streaming video.
- Bill Gross, the co-founder of Pacific Investment Management Co., announced Friday that he was stepping down to join rival Janus. This comes after numerous clashes with board members and reports that the firm will be investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for the allegedly inflating bond prices. ()
RELATED LINKS
{{ link.title }}
- Bill Gross, the co-founder of Pacific Investment Management Co., announced Friday that he was stepping down to join rival Janus. This comes after numerous clashes with board members and reports that the firm will be investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for the allegedly inflating bond prices. ()
Bill Gross to leave PIMCO, joins Janus
Playlist Top News

Must quit as Chief Minister  cant contest 2016 electionPrint
AIADMK leaders squat on the road to the prison where Jayalalithaa was taken on Saturday.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:37 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:08 am
The Supreme Court had in July 2013 struck down Section 8(4) of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, which protected convicted MPs and MLAs from disqualification if they appeal before a higher court within three months.
Jayalalithaa’s conviction has become the latest focal point of a landmark Supreme Court verdict, which ruled that MPs and MLAs will be immediately disqualified if they are convicted in a criminal case by a trial court.
Jayalalithaa has to step down as the chief minister and is barred from contesting an election for six years after her release from the jail, if her conviction is neither stayed nor overturned by a superior court. The next state assembly election is due in 2016.
The Supreme Court had in July 2013 struck down Section 8(4) of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, which protected convicted MPs and MLAs from disqualification if they appeal before a higher court within three months.
Therefore, as the legal position stands today, Jayalalithaa stands disqualified as a legislator owing to her conviction in the case of amassing assets disproportionate to her known sources of income.
The Representation of the People Act does not specifically bar a non-legislator to be chief minister and usually a non-member can be a CM for a maximum of six months. However, in 2001, when Jayalalithaa was appointed as the CM despite a subsisting conviction in a criminal case, the SC had quashed her appointment. The SC had then held that a person convicted for a criminal offence and sentenced to imprisonment for no less than two years cannot be CM.
The combined upshot of the SC rulings in 2001 and 2013 is that a non-member can hold a ministerial berth only if he or she is eligible to contest and not disqualified from contesting. Since Jayalalithaa stands disqualified also for contesting for six years from the date of her release from jail, there is no way she can retain her position as the CM.
As she has been sentenced to four years in jail, there was no power with the trial court judge to suspend her sentence and let her remain out of the jail for enabling her to file an appeal. Jayalalithaa has to be committed to a jail in Bangalore but she may seek her transfer to a jail in Tamil Nadu since the only reason the case was shifted to Bangalore was to ensure a fair trial, which has now been concluded.
Jayalalithaa will have to file an appeal before the Tamil Nadu continued…

Carmakers revisit metallurgy  chemistry lessons to prune kerb weightPrint
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:33 am
Three of the newest car launches in India point to a discernible trend — that manufacturers are optimising automotive body structures of their models in the singular pursuit of pruning kerb weight, and thereby improving mileage figures.
The new launch by the country’s largest carmaker — Maruti Suzuki’s Ciaz — in the mid-segment sedan category has been developed on an all new modular ultra lightweight platform that deploys Suzuki’s Total Effective Control Technology or S-TECT. The new technology, according to CV Raman, Maruti Suzuki’s R&D head and executive officer (engineering), incorporates a liberal use of high-tensile steel across the body panels for a lighter, yet more durable body and a wide wheelbase for stability. As a result, the Ciaz weighs in at just 1,010 kg for the petrol and 1,105 kg for the diesel. Compare that with a kerb weight of 1,200 kg for the petrol and 1,245 kg for the diesel variants of Maruti’s SX4, the car that the Ciaz has replaced. With lower weight, Maruti is claiming mileage figures of 26.21 kmpl (ARAI-certified) for the diesel and 20.73 kmpl for the petrol, giving Ciaz the top billing in the mileage listings.
Utility vehicle maker Mahindra (M&M), which has just launched its second-generation Scorpio SUV, has also pruned the vehicle’s kerb weight. While the new vehicle’s body is broadly similar to the older version, the most crucial change is an all-new chassis incorporating a new modular ladder construction that uses a ‘hydroforming’ manufacturing technique — a cost-effective way of shaping ductile metals such as aluminium, brass, low alloy steels, stainless steel into lightweight, structurally stiff and strong pieces. Compared to the old ladder chassis, the new Scorpio’s frame is visibly thicker but is in fact two kilograms lighter and almost 100 per cent stiffer. “The New Generation Scorpio, comes on an altogether new platform, with a new chassis frame, new front and rear suspension, new higher efficiency transmission and a new rear axle,” Rajan Wadhera, chief executive, truck, power train division & head — Mahindra Research Valley, M&M Ltd, said at the lunch.
Automobili Lamborghini, which has launched the all-new Huracan LP 610-4 in India last week as the replacement for the Gallardo, uses a new hybrid chassis of carbon fibre and aluminium, as a result of which, the car weighs in at a modest 1,422 kg, making it lighter than the Gallardo and thus quicker on its feet.
While the Indian consumer’s obsession for mileage, even evident in premium segment cars, is pushing manufacturers to try and improve fuel efficiency numbers of new models, globally carmakers are already pushing the limits of technology to derive the most from the internal combustion engine. A lower weight vehicle has better acceleration, better braking and better handling.
One of the consequences is the increasing use of automotive aluminium, making it second only to steel as the most used material in vehicle construction. In Detroit, carmakers are pushing technology further by putting cars together by using glue — as are airplanes, phones and a lot of household continued…

Commerzbank may face probe for launderingPrint
Reuters | Frankfurt | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:29 am
Germany’s second-largest lender Commerzbank AG is being investigated by the Manhattan US.attorney for alleged violations of money-laundering laws, the Wall Street Journal reported.
The new investigation might hurt Commerzbank’s chance to settle separate allegations of it violating sanctions by doing business with Iran and Sudan.
Commerzbank was not immediately available for comment.

Regulators warn banks over Shellshock bugPrint
Reuters | Washington | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:27 am
A group of top United States financial regulators urged banks to quickly fix their software to protect it against the “Shellshock” computer bug, saying it could expose them to fraud.
Shellshock is a newly emerged major Internet threat that affects a common software tool found in many operating systems known as Bash, or Bourne-again Shell.
“The pervasive use of Bash and the potential for this vulnerability to be automated presents a material risk,” the Federal Financial Institutions Examinations Council said.
The FFIEC is an interagency body that can prescribe common standards for banks that includes the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and others.
The banks should identify all their systems that use Bash and update them, and should also check third-party software, the group of regulators said.

Michael Brown’s family remains confident in Justice probeBy Wesley Lowery September 27 Follow @WesleyLowery
Michael Brown Sr. and Lesley McSpadden are the parents of Michael Brown. (Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post)
The parents of slain 18-year-old Michael Brown said Saturday that, almost two months after his shooting, they remain deeply skeptical that they will receive justice for their son through the local prosecutor, and they have more faith in the federal probe into the circumstances surrounding his death.
Members of Brown’s family said they have still had almost no interaction with the Ferguson Police Department or St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch.
Two days after Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson released a video apologizing to the family for the fact that Brown’s body lay in the street for several hours after he was shot on Aug. 9, Brown’s parents said they have not watched it.
“I haven’t seen the apology,” said Michael Brown Sr., during a broad and at-times emotional interview with several members of the family and their attorneys at The Washington Post on Saturday.
“For me, I’ve seen … another interview that he’s done,” said Lesley McSpadden, Brown’s mother, when asked about Jackson’s apology. “And it just comes off very incompetent.”
The parents of Michael Brown, the black teenager fatally shot by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., visited Washington to ask the federal government to take over the criminal investigation of his death. (Casey Capachi/The Washington Post)
In the two months since Brown was shot and killed by Officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson, Mo., his parents have been vocal in their demands for more information about the shooting – during which their son, who was unarmed, was shot multiple times by the white officer – as well as for McCulloch, who is distrusted by many in Ferguson’s black community, to step aside.
McCulloch has repeatedly insisted that he will not step aside , and has proceeded with grand jury proceedings – undertaking an unorthodox method in which his office’s prosecutors are not recommending any specific charges and rather are presenting all facts to the grand jury members and allowing them to independently determine what if any charges to pursue against Wilson.
“They’re not trying to prosecute, they don’t want to indict him.” said Benjamin Crump, the family’s lead attorney. “They are doing everything they can not to indict him.”
But while they said they are still deeply skeptical of the likelihood that Wilson will be indicted by the grand jury, the Brown family and their attorneys remain encouraged by the Justice Department conducting multiple probes related to the case – one into the shooting and a second into the Ferguson Police Department more broadly.
“The family has been fighting for justice, they weren’t fighting for an apology,” Crump said. But he and partner Daryl Parks said that the family may receive justice for their son through the federal probe currently being conducted into the shooting. He later added, “The attorney general meeting with the parents … was encouraging.”
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. traveled to Ferguson and met with Brown’s mother and assured the family that the Justice Department would conduct a fair and extensive probe. Since that August meeting, Holder has referenced the shooting and the ongoing clashes between police officers and protesters in Ferguson during multiple speeches and public appearances.
On Thursday, Holder announced that he is resigning as attorney general, which worried some supporters of the Brown family that the Justice probe might lose focus or get sidetrack as the department undergoes a shift from Holder to whomever its next leader is. But the Browns said Holder vowed to bring them a fair federal investigation, and that they trust him to be true to his word even as he transitions out of office.
“It was a parent talking to another parent in consoling our feelings,” McSpadden said of her initial meeting with Holder. “He did reassure me that it would be fair and transparent. … I do feel a way about him resigning, but I don’t feel like he’s going to exit and not do what he set out to do.”
The Browns were in Washington for meetings with lawmakers during the Congressional Black Caucus’s annual conference , lobbying for legislation that would require police officers to wear body cameras while on duty. That push comes as civil rights groups, including the NAACP, have seized on the Brown case and several other prominent police shootings this summer to renew their decades-long push for legislation to address racial profiling in law enforcement.
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

Surge Soda Again Sells Out On Amazonreddit
Surge needs some reinforcements.
This past Monday, when Coca-Cola began selling 12-packs of the lemon-lime soda on Amazon -- marking the first time in more than a decade that the product was for sale anywhere -- it almost immediately sold out .
Supplies were quickly restocked. But by Saturday, the fizzy green drink had sold out once again .
The company vowed on Twitter to replenish the item by Monday.
The green goodness will return to http://t.co/Z4wnVNsZmC Monday! Keep checking http://t.co/YNb2SHVmAC to get your #SURGE . #SURGEisback
The first time the product sold out, earlier in the week, new supplies were available before the end of the day. It was not clear why it would take until Monday this time for Coca-Cola to restock.
Coca-Cola did not immediately return a call from The Huffington Post.
Surge was discontinued amid slumping sales 11 years ago. Coca-Cola revived the beverage, which has attained cult status amid the current wave of 1990s nostalgia, at the behest of three superfans who organized a group called the SURGE Movement .
With the drink out of stock at the moment, some vendors are wholesaling 12-can packs of Surge for nearly $244. The same 12-packs sold for $14 on Amazon earlier this week.
A screenshot of an outside vendor's listing on Amazon for a 12-pack of 16-ounce cans of Surge.
The soda was first produced in 1996 as one of what would be several failed attempts on Coca-Cola's part to topple rival PepsiCo's popular Mountain Dew. But the highly caffeinated Dew dominated the market after branding itself as an energy drink with ads featuring athletes performing extreme sports.
Unable to sway Mountain Dew's mostly young, male consumers, Surge targeted pre-teens. The move backfired after schools banned the soda, fearing that its high caffeine content would be harmful to children. Perhaps ironically, a 12-ounce can of Mountain Dew contains about four more milligrams of caffeine than an equivalent amount of Surge.
More:

5 Common Mistakes Small Business Owners Makereddit
For many Americans, starting a small business is an exciting experience, and potentially financially rewarding. However, when opening a new company, owners are understandably so focused on getting off the ground that they often overlook some basic considerations that can have a major impact on the company's value down the road. Below are the five most common mistakes that small business owners make, as seen by individuals who value or appraise businesses.
1) Short-term is short-sighted
Although it can be tempting to make decisions that will save money in the short term, it's important for business owners to consider the long-term growth of their companies. Rather than saving a few dollars today, owners need to think about how to sustain growth and drive value tomorrow. For instance, owners often choose to acquire assets that reduce their company's income and allow them to take advantage of a number of tax benefits. While such strategies may save money in the short term, they also risk diminishing the future value of the company. This is because, all other factors being equal, businesses with low-to-no income are valued much lower than those with strong profit streams.
2) Put it on paper
When you go into business with someone else, whether it's a friend, family member, or the person you met at a coffee shop, it's vital to protect yourself with an enforceable partnership agreement. At the start of a business, when partners are excited and energized, it may seem like a partnership agreement is unnecessary. However, if the company hits a rocky patch, arguments inevitably arise about who is entitled to what. After the 2008 financial meltdown, business valuation experts found themselves testifying in case after case involving partnership disagreements. When creating a partnership contract, be sure to have a written legal document that all parties sign -- never rely on verbal agreements.
Furthermore, disputes can arise even when times are good and a business is doing well. For instance, if one of the partners wants to retire and sell his or her portion of the company, it's important to have a clear agreement outlining how the respective ownership interests will be divided.
3) Don't underestimate your obligations
Small company owners often don't realize that the business obligations they have taken on, such as personal guarantees, may adversely impact the value of their company. Let's say the owner of a local pizza shop signs an 8-year lease for his or her store location and then attempts to sell the company. Anyone who purchases the business will have to assume that 8-year lease, which is a huge financial obligation. As a result, the cost of the lease may decrease the value of the company, and therefore impact how much a buyer is willing to pay. Other examples of obligations that can impact value include existing contracts and leases of equipment such as machinery.
To be clear, leases, contracts and other obligations are part of doing business, and are not inherently bad. However, it's important for owners to recognize the impact such commitments can have on a company's future value.
4) All financing is not created equal
Business owners frequently need financing for operating purposes, such as paying suppliers, employees and overhead, as well as for anticipated future growth. While the requirement for funds may be significant and/or urgent, it is critical for business owners not to accept unreasonable demands from lenders or investors that would either burden the company with high interest and debt repayments or give away significant ownership control. To avoid this outcome, it is important for business owners to develop both a realistic business plan as well as sturdy relationships with dependable financial professionals and lenders.
5) Know your market
In order to determine an appropriate growth strategy, business owners must take the time to understand their market, define who their competitors are, and calculate their ability to gain control of additional customers or users given the competitive landscape. Without that basic understanding, a contemplated growth strategy may not coincide with what's best for the long-term value of the company. There are several notable high-profile examples of small companies that chose to expand too rapidly after encountering initial success. While opening more storefronts can be a positive development, it also stretches the business and creates burdensome overhead costs. Growing too fast is a common mistake of small businesses that can destroy the value of a company, and, in worst-case scenarios, can even lead to bankruptcy.
Avoiding these oversights will not guarantee the success of your small business. In fact, in some instances, what makes the most sense for your company is not in line with what will add the most value. However, it's vital to understand how various choices will impact your business from a valuation standpoint so that you can make informed decisions that will put you on the path to future success.
More:

U.S.  others vow to strengthen U.N. peacekeepingUnited Nations, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 27, 2014 08:28 IST
U.S., others vow to strengthen U.N. peacekeeping
PTI
AP U.S. Vice President Joe Biden chairs a summit on international peacekeeping operations on the sidelines of the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters on Friday.
TOPICS
peace negotiations
The United States and dozens of other countries vowed to speed up and strengthen the U.N.’s overstretched peacekeeping response to crises around the world.
More than 130,000 peacekeeping staffers are now deployed in operations around the world, a record, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told a special meeting on Friday that he and U.S. Vice President Joe Biden hosted on the sidelines of the annual General Assembly of world leaders.
The U.N. doesn’t have its own standing army and relies on contributions from its 193 member states. In recent years, stress has soared as peacekeepers have been sent to the front lines of everything from ethnic conflict to Islamic extremism.
This month, the U.N. withdrew its peacekeepers from many positions on the Golan Heights after 45 Fijian peacekeepers were held for two weeks by fighters from the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front.
According to the U.N., 102 peacekeepers died in 2013, 36 from direct attacks and others from accidents and illnesses.
The Secretary-General on Friday included the Ebola outbreak as a looming security issue.
At the end of the meeting, U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power said more than 30 countries had stepped up with “concrete commitments” to improving operations that range from South Sudan to the India-Pakistan border.
The speed of U.N. peacekeeping response is crucial. Its operation in the Central African Republic took over from the African Union on September. 15, nine months after violence between Christians and Muslims erupted. The force remains only about 65 percent of what the Security Council authorized in April. Timing of deployment of U.N. peacekeepers depends greatly on when member states send money, troops or both.
The budget for U.N. peacekeeping operations for the fiscal year from July 1, 2014, to June 30, 2015, is just over $7 billion. It is separate from the U.N.’s regular operating budget and the U.S. pays the largest share, over 28 per cent, followed by Japan at nearly 11 per cent. Rwanda is the fifth-largest contributor of troops to U.N. peacekeeping.
Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Rwanda’s President Paul Kagame and the leader of another major troop contributor, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, all attended Friday’s meeting.
Leaders and foreign ministers pledged aid ranging from helicopters to police to intelligence support, but with few specifics. Earlier this week, Mexico said it would return to U.N. peacekeeping after decades, and China said it was sending a 700-member infantry battalion to help the operation in South Sudan, where tens of thousands of people have taken shelter for months in U.N. bases to escape ethnic violence.
The U.S., which says it plans to contribute $1.9 billion to peacekeeping this fiscal year, down from $2.1 billion the previous year, announced it would review its contribution to peacekeeping efforts.
Yesterday’s meeting came as the U.N. is about to begin its first wholesale, high-level review of peacekeeping operations in 15 years. “This will be a particularly exciting year,” peacekeeping chief Herve Ladsous said.

Kingfisher secures stay on wilful defaulter ...Calcutta HC stays United Bank of India's declaration of Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulter
ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 06.48PM IST
Tags:
Calcutta HC
(The bank has been directed…)
MUMBAI: Grounded carrier Kingfisher Airlines on Saturday said it has got a stay order from the Calcutta High Court against a decision of the United Bank of India calling the airline a wilful defaulter.
"The bank has been directed to file its affidavit-in-opposition by November 3 and the petitioners have been directed to file their reply one week thereafter. The next date of hearing has been fixed for November 10," airline said in a statement.
The griavance redressal committee of UBI had in the beginning of September declared the Vijay Mallya controlled airline a wilful defaulter for non-payment of Rs 400 crore of dues. Three company directors — Subhash R Gupte, Ravi Nedungadi and Anil Kumar Ganguly — also figure in the list.
Kingfisher, along with its current and former directorshad filed a writ petition in the Calcutta High Court against UBI and others, "challenging the constitutional validity of the RBI's Master Circular on Wilful Defaulters as well as challenging the ex-parte decision of the grievance redressal committee constituted by United Bank of India declaring the petitioners wilful defaulters," the airline said.
Kingfisher folded operations in October 2012 after a strike by employees over salary dues, due to losses and debt worth billions of dollars. Two months later, the country's aviation regulator suspended its license as it failed to produce a convincing business plan to resume operations. The license expires in December.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India may not join US-led global coalition a...Barack Obama
(So far, more than 40 countries…)
NEW YORK: With 40 of its nationals still in captivity in Iraq, India may not join the all-out efforts of the US in creating a global coalition against the Islamic State terror group for which President Barack Obama is expected to seek the support of Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
So far, more than 40 countries have joined the US-led international coalition against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) or the Islamic State (IS) as it is better known across the globe.
According to the sources, India, which has been a victim of terrorism and has a very tough stance on the issue, will not be able to overtly go against Islamic State terror group that has gained control over large swaths of Syria and Iraq, where it still has its nationals as hostages.
"Our position is very well known against menace of terrorism. But we have 40 of our nationals who are still in captivity," the sources said.
While India could secure release of its 46 nurses from the captivity of militants, its another 40 nationals, working on projects near the Iraqi city of Mosul were kidnapped by ISIS militants in early June.
Obama, as he has been doing with other global leaders, is expected to urge Modi during their talks in Washington to join the international coalition against the IS terrorist outfit, which if left unchallenged poses a major threat to the security and stability of the region and the world.
The White House, however, has refused to make any comment on the substance of discussion between Obama and Modi on September 29 and 30.
"As we've said, we believe there is a role for all countries to play. Beyond that, I'm not in position to preview the substance of the visit yet," Caitlin Hayden, spokesperson of the National Security Council of the White House, had said.
ISIL militants have executed two American journalists and a British aid worker in Syria, prompting the West to join hands to combat the terror group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pak court orders filing of murder case again...Pakistan court orders filing of another murder case against Nawaz Sharif
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 08.19PM IST
Tags:
Imran Khan
(Earlier, an FIR was registered…)
SLAMABAD: A Pakistani court today ordered registration of a fresh murder case against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and 10 others over the death of three protestors during the anti-government demonstrations last month.
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) party of cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan had sought the court's intervention for launching of the case after police allegedly refused to register FIR against Sharif, his brother Shahbaz Sharif, interior minister Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, railway minister Saad Rafique, Islamabad police chief, Deputy Commissioner Islamabad and four others.
PTI's counsel Qazi Nazeef had requested the court to order police to register the murder case.
After hearing the arguments, Additional Sessions Judge Shahrukh Arjumand ordered the Secretariat Police Station to register murder case against Sharif and 10 others.
Earlier, an FIR was registered against Sharif and his ministers in the same case on the complaint of cleric Tahirul Qadri's Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT).
Three persons were killed and over 500 others injured in clashes between police and supporters of Khan and Qadri last month during demonstrations against Sharif.
Supporters of Khan and Qadri are agitating since August 14, demanding Sharif's ouster.
The PTI chief wants Sharif's ouster over alleged rigging in last year's general election which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. But Sharif has refused to quit.
Sharif had already been implicated last month in connection with the death of 14 workers of PAT during a clash with police in Lahore.
Pakistan Supreme Court yesterday admitted a petition against Sharif seeking his disqualification for allegedly lying in parliament over asking the army to mediate with anti-government protesters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

European steel sector set for massive job cu...Executives of major steel companies are due to meet at the World Steel Association's annual conference in Moscow on October 5 to 8.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT: European steel companies will have to cut a substantial number of jobs to bolster their earnings, reflecting a slump in demand and Asian competition, Wolfgang Eder, vice president of the World Steel Association, was quoted saying by a German newspaper.
"Massive job cuts are unavoidable," weekly Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung quoted Eder as saying, in an excerpt of an article to be published on Sunday, adding headcount reductions were "painful but long overdue".
Steel demand is expected to return to growth in Europe this year, though European steel industry body Eurofer, whose members include the likes of ArcelorMittal, ThyssenKrupp and Voestalpine, has said cheaper steel imports from outside the European Union had put pressure on margins.
Eder, also chief executive of Austria's Voestalpine, warned that European steel companies were falling behind their peers in China, India and Korea in terms of technology and innovation, because they could not afford to invest.
Executives of major steel companies are due to meet at the World Steel Association's annual conference in Moscow on October 5 to 8.

Financial Technologies signs new contract wi...You are here: Home > Collections > Mcx
Financial Technologies signs new technology contract with MCX
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 09.17PM IST
Tags:
Financial Technologies
(Sources had said that MCX…)
NEW DELHI: Financial Technologies (FTIL) today said it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with the commodity exchange MCX, resulting in negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
Earlier this week, the board of directors of both FTIL and MCX had approved the new agreement to be signed between them.
In a filing to the BSE, FTIL said,"..FTIL and MCX have executed a master amendment to principal agreements (supplementary agreement) for providing software support and managed services on mutually agreed terms and conditions until the year 2022".
The Jignesh Shah-led company also said, "Due to this supplementary agreement and based on the current volume of MCX and assuming MCX daily volume remain same, the negative impact on the total income of the company would be around Rs 8.82 crore for the period of 2014-15."
As per the new agreement, MCX will pay FTIL a fixed charge of Rs 1.5 crore per month including managed services payable in advance on semiannual basis.
FTIL will also get a variable charge of 10.3 per cent of gross transaction fees.
Sources had said that MCX has renegotiated the agreement with FTIL as the earlier contract was proving to be expensive.
In 2013-14 fiscal, MCX paid about Rs 60 crore to FTIL for giving technological support and services to the exchange.
The signing of the new agreement will pave the way for MCX to launch new contracts for January to March period of 2015.
On September 17, the commodity markets regulator FMC had said the exchange can launch new contracts for three months January, February and March of 2015 after if it signs a fresh technology deal with FTIL.
FTIL had said that by entering into the new agreement with MCX, it has completed all the formalities to complete its sale of 15 per cent stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd .
FMC had said that MCX will be allowed to roll out contracts for all 12 months of 2015 once the full divestment of FTIL in MCX takes place as per the regulatory norms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gujarat CM seeks investment in infra projectsYou are here: Home > Collections > Investment
Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel seeks investment in infrastructure projects
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 11.10PM IST
Tags:
(She also said the tender…)
MUMBAI: Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel today invited investors to invest in infrastructure projects in her state.
"Gujarat is one of the most progressive states in the country and I invite investors to invest in infrastructure projects and generate employment opportunities," Patel said, speaking at a function on the occasion of 108th anniversary of the Indian Merchants Chamber (IMC) here.
The land acquisition for the Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor will start soon, Patel said.
She also said the tender for the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar Metro will be floated soon and the project is expected to be completed in three years.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to inaugurate the 'Vibrant Gujarat' summit to be held next January, she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Violence across Tamil NaduUpdated: October 5, 2014 01:14 IST
Violence across Tamil Nadu
The Hindu The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
TOPICS
riots
Violence erupted across Tamil Nadu soon after the special court in Bangalore held Chief Minister Jayalalithaa guilty of corruption. The protests by AIADMK cadre and sympathisers led to sporadic incidents of violence, even as shops, restaurants, malls and movie halls closed down across the State. Attacks on buses left public transport severely cut.
A State-owned bus was set on fire as an angry mob hurled petrol bombs in Kancheepuram district after forcing the passengers to alight. In other places, protesters forced commercial establishments to down shutters. Amid such reports of escalating violence, Tamil Nadu Governor K. Rosaiah summoned the Chief Secretary Mohan Verghese Chunkath, Director General of Police K. Ramanujam and Chennai Commissioner of Police, S. George to Raj Bhavan and instructed them to maintain law and order.
Director-General of Police K. Ramanujam said the situation was under control. Thirty-nine companies of the Tamil Nadu Special Police were deployed across the State. DMK president M. Karunanidhi has written to the President and others accusing the AIADMK cadres of indulging in large scale violence. The police in the State were not in a position to handle the situation and people were living in grip of fear, he said. He also sought action againt erring police officials.

World Leaders Speak at the U.N. General Assembly Debateworld leaders speak at the u.n. general assembly debate
Live Music at the Global Citizen Festivallive music at the global citizen festival
Launchpad: True to its namePosted: September 28, 2014 2:40 am
True to its name
Product: Samsung  Alpha
Price: 39,990
With the festival season just kicking off in the country, Samsung has launched its new Alpha smartphone at Rs 39,990. The stylish phone is different from the trademark Galaxy design of the Korean tech giant and will try and woo those looking for a top end phone. Powered by an octa-core processor (1.8GHz +1.3GHz) with 2GB RAM the Android Kitkat phone will have a 4.7-inch HD super AMOLED screen. It has a 12 MP rear camera and 2.1MP front camera. The phone has a 1860 mAh battery and 32GB internal storage. The phone will also come with the fingerprint scanner.
Upgraded flagship
Product: Sony Xperia Z3
Price: 44,990
Sony India’s has upgraded its flagship with the latest Sony Xperia Z3 and Z3 Compact priced at Rs 51,990 and Rs 44,990 respectively. Powered by the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor with 2.5 GHz quad-core CPU with 3GB RAM the phones have 4G LTE modems. Both Android Kitkat phones offer a 20.7MP CMOS sensor camera  and 3100 mAh battery. The 5.2 inch Xperia Z3 comes with a 7.3 mm super slim rounded aluminium frame and weighs just 152 grams, while the 4.6 inch Z3 Compact packs has same features in a 8.6 mm compact frame that weighs only 129 grams.
Selfie Star
Product: Intex Aqua series
Price:  6,990
Intex Technologies has announced the launch of three smartphones — Aqua Star, Aqua Star HD and Aqua Star Power at a price of Rs 6,990, Rs 8,690 and Rs 7,490 respectively. All the smartphones in the Aqua Star series comes with a unique feature that allow users to take selfies with the rear camera by clicking the volume rocker keys of the phone. Users can also click selfies (with the rear camera) by pressing the volume rocker keys of the earphone or Bluetooth headset.

Uddhav mocks BJP  says it has no leader of statureUddhav Thackeray spoke out against the BJP saying they were responsible for the break-up of the 25-year-old alliance.
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:08 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 8:11 am
The BJP no longer has a leader of stature to negotiate with, Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray said on Saturday, blaming the party for the break-up of their 25-year-old alliance in Maharashtra.
“Earlier we had leaders of the the stature of Pramod Mahajan and Atal Bihari Vajpayee. We had issues when they were around as well, but the differences were not like this. There is now no leader of stature to speak to. I do not know whose misfortune this is,” Thackeray told the Sena’s first campaign rally at Mumbai’s Mahalaxmi Race Course.
He took a swipe at the BJP’s over-reliance on Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s charisma to win votes — times had changed since  the Lok Sabha elections, Thackeray said.
“I never said that the success in the 2014 elections in Maharashtra was not because of Modi. However, the scenario now is very different . How did Akhilesh Yadav manage to win in Uttar Pradesh during the byelections? How could the Congress win in Gujarat and Nitish Kumar and Lalu Yadav in Bihar? People should not be under illusions, they should keep their feet on the ground,” he warned.
“I would apologise to the people of Maharashtra if they feel that I broke the alliance. But the truth is I was not responsible. No political party can afford to give away 30 to 35 seats when the chances of wining are so strong. We left 18 seats for them and they asked for more. We do not have a godown full of seats so that people can come anytime and ask for seats,” Thackeray said.
But in a sign that his bravado was tinged with nervousness and worry, Thackeray also said that the Sena held no grudges against Modi, even though the party’s support for him during times of trouble seemed to have been forgotten.
“There is no fight with Narendra Modi, but if you are going to kick us, you will realise on whose side Chhatrapati Shivaji really is,” Thackeray said. He recalled that the Sena had backed Modi on two earlier occasions: when he was under pressure after the post-Godhra riots, and on the Narmada dam issue.
“Do you leave seats for us in other states? Do we trouble you outside Maharashtra? Why can’t you leave Maharashtra for the Sena?” he asked.
Thackeray alleged the state BJP leadership had decided to break the alliance long ago. Proof: They had been absorbing dissident leaders from other parties who had been turned away by the Shiv Sena, and then demanding those seats. Hindus would not forgive the BJP for breaking an alliance based on Hindutva, he predicted.

Vadodara violence flares  mobile data services offHeavy police presence across the city on Saturday. (Source: Express)
Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:56 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:08 am
The slow-burning violence in Vadodara escalated on Saturday evening after a man was stabbed in the Yakutpura area of the city. In the morning, mobile data services were suspended until September 30 to block out rumours on social media.
The violence that broke out on Thursday, the first day of Navratri after an objectionable picture was circulated on WhatsApp, spread to the old city areas of Panigate, Wadi, Yakutpura and Fatehpura on Saturday. Members of both communities threw stones and petrol bombs at each other.
Police burst around three dozen teargas shells and fired eight rounds in the air after an attempt was allegedly made to set  a police chowki on fire.
A violent clash broke out in the Taiwadi area after a 28-year old man was attacked with swords in the Janmangal ni pol of Muslim-dominated Yakutpura, witnesses said. As the severely injured man was rushed to SSG Hospital, mobs took to the streets to avenge the attack.
Residents of the walled city said tensions ran high after an argument between two groups in Fatehpura around 8.30 pm. The police, SRPF and RAF units hunkered down in the area, and Police Commissioner E Radhakrishnaiah was out on the street himself. Police were “bringing the situation under control”, he said.
There were allegations — denied by the police — that 10 youths had been rounded up from a local garba for violating prohibitory orders. Organisers of the garba said they had had to plead with the police to let the youths go. “We were not involved in any rioting, and were targeted for no reason,” one of the youths said.
A city police officer said the police were only doing their job.
“We are just dispersing all people from the streets to prevent any more clashes. The situation is under control although there is tension. Our forces are deployed everywhere now. We have also called in local community leaders from both sides to advise them to maintain calm,” the officer said.

Earths water older than the sun: studywater
A significant fraction of our solar system’s water is older than than the sun — indicating that abundant, organic-rich interstellar ices should probably be found in all young planetary systems, says pioneering research.
New work from a team, including Conel Alexander from Carnegie Mellon University, found that much of our solar system’s water likely originated as ices that formed in interstellar space.
“Why this is important? If water in the early solar system was primarily inherited as ice from interstellar space, then it is likely that similar ices, along with the prebiotic organic matter that they contain, are abundant in most or all proto-planetary disks around forming stars,” Alexander explained.
But if the early solar system’s water was largely the result of local chemical processing during the sun’s birth, then it is possible that the abundance of water varies considerably in forming planetary systems, he pointed out. This would obviously have implications for the potential for the emergence of life elsewhere.
In studying the history of our solar system’s ices, lead researcher L. Ilsedore Cleeves from University of Michigan focused on hydrogen and its heavier isotope deuterium.
The ratio of hydrogen to deuterium in water molecules can tell scientists about the conditions under which the molecules formed.
The team created models that simulated a proto-planetary disk in which all the deuterium from space ice has already been eliminated by chemical processing.
“The system has to start over ‘from scratch’ at producing ice with deuterium in it during a million-year period,” Cleeves said.
The team did this in order to see if the system can reach the ratios of deuterium to hydrogen that are found in meteorite samples, Earth’s ocean water and “time capsule” comets.
They found that it could not do so, which told them that at least some of the water in our own solar system has an origin in interstellar space and pre—dates the birth of the sun.
Solar nebula
In its youth, the Sun was surrounded by a protoplanetary disk — the so-called solar nebula — from which the planets were born.
Till date, it was unclear to researchers whether the ice in this disk originated from the sun’s own parental interstellar molecular cloud or whether this interstellar water was destroyed and re—formed by the chemical reactions taking place in the solar nebula.
The work appeared in the journal Science.

UK Talking to UBS  Barclays  4 Other Banks About Settling Forex Probe: ReportUK Talking to UBS  Barclays  4 Other Banks About Settling Forex Probe: Report
RSS discovers a new Hindu icon: Hemu  who fought AkbarFrom the invite to the Oct 5 event.
Written by Shyamlal Yadav | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:16 am
National Museum to host symposium on ‘Last Hindu Emperor of Delhi’
After Maharana Pratap and Chhatrapati Shivaji, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh has found a new Hindu icon among medieval Indian royalty: Hemu, the vanquished combatant in the Second Battle of Panipat, whose defeat ended the shortlived rule of a Hindu king over Delhi, and led to the resurrection of Mughal power in India.
The Akhil Bharatiya Itihaas Sankalan Yojana (ABISY), the history wing of the RSS, will next month pay tributes to  “Maharaja Hemchandra Vikramaditya”, the “Great Warrior of India”, and “the last Hindu Emperor of Delhi”.
The ceremony, at Delhi’s National Museum on October 5, will be presided over by the Union Minister of Culture, Shripad Yesso Naik. BJP leader Subramanian Swamy will be the chief guest. Among the speakers will be Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) joint general secretary Vinayak Deshpande.
Hemu, a brilliant military commander for the Afghan successors of Sher Shah Suri had, after a trail of successful campaigns against both Afghan rebels and the Mughals, declared himself emperor of Delhi in October 1556 — the first Hindu king to control the city since the establishment of the Delhi Sultanate at the beginning of the 13th century.
Barely a month later, on November 5, 1556, Hemu met the Mughal army led by the generals of the then 14-year-old Akbar at the battlefield of Panipat.
He led from the front, and was said to have been on the verge of victory, when a freak arrow struck him in the eye, knocking him off his battle elephant, and triggering panic among his troops.
The battle changed course dramatically after that, and a general massacre of Hemu’s army followed. The injured Hemu himself was captured and beheaded by Bairam Khan, Akbar’s guardian, paving the way for re-establishment of Mughal rule in Delhi, which lasted for another 300 years before it was ended by the British.
The invitation card for the October 5 ceremony describes the event as “A Forgotten Hindu Emperor Maharaja Hemchandra Vikramaditya: A Tribute”. B M Pande, organising secretary of ABISY, who will speak at the event, told The Sunday Express, “We are always in favour of recognising and remembering our forgotten, real heroes who were deliberately ignored by the biased historians of the Mughal and British era.”
Shivaji and Pratap, who resisted the Mughals, are already huge icons for the RSS. June 6, Shivaji’s Coronation Day, is among the five festivals the
RSS celebrates officially every year (the others being Guru Purnima, Raksha Bandhan, Makar Sankranti and Varsh Pratipada).
The ABISY is an RSS front engaged in writing and propagating the Sangh’s view of India’s history. As reported by The Indian Express recently, one of its major ongoing projects is to provide an “Indian perspective” to history by writing it on the basis of the Puranas. The ABISY is also working on a “district-level history”, and the history of over 600 Indian continued…

U.S. general on training Syrian rebels: ‘We have to do it right  not fast’By Dan Lamothe September 26 Follow @danlamothe
A Free Syrian Army fighter takes position behind sandbags on the front lines of Wadi Al-Dayf camp in northwestern Syria. (Khalil Ashawi/Reuters)
The Pentagon has deployed military assessment teams to Saudi Arabia in advance of its training of moderate Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State group terrorizing Syria and Iraq, but the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff cautioned Friday that it will take time for the effort to gel.
“We have to do it right, not fast,” said the chairman, Army Gen. Martin E. Dempsey. “They have to have military leaders that bind them together. They have to … have a political structure into which they can hook, and therefore be responsive to. And that’s gonna take some time.”
The training is expected to be a centerpiece of the expanded U.S.-led effort to fight the Islamic State in Syria. U.S. officials plan to initially train 5,000 rebels in Syria, providing a ground force that can be paired with the airstrike campaign that the United States and partner nations launched there this week. But the effort could eventually expand beyond that, Dempsey said.
“Five thousand’s never been the end state,” the general said of the number of trained rebels he believes are needed in Syria. An estimated 12,000 to 15,000 would be needed “to recapture lost territory in eastern Syria.”
Hagel said the United States is in the process of setting up a vetting system for the rebels to make sure they don’t pose a threat to the U.S. troops who would train them — a significant concern raised by members and Congress and others who question the legitimacy of the Free Syrian Army and other rebel groups deemed moderate by the United States. It isn’t clear when that vetting process will start, however, or who Washington will consider the rebel leaders.
“We’re not gonna instruct them as to who their leaders are,” Hagel said. “They’ll make their own decision on who their leaders are.”
Dempsey and Hagel spoke to reporters Friday in their first extended news conference since the United States began dropping bombs on Syria on Monday night Eastern Daylight Time. Hagel said the United States and its Arab partners have launched 43 airstrikes in Syria thus far, and the Pentagon has carried out more than 200 airstrikes on militant targets in Iraq since they were approved by President Obama on Aug. 7.
The coalition dropping bombs will expand soon. In Syria, it includes Saudi Arabia, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, with Qatar in a supporting role so far, Pentagon officials said. In Iraq, France launched its first airstrikes on Thursday, and Britain’s Parliament voted on Friday to join the fight . The Netherlands, Belgium and Australia also have joined the campaign.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said this week that his country, which has faced increasing tension on its Syrian border, will play a role in the fight against the Islamic State. It is unclear what that will entail, however. Erdogan said Friday that a no-fly zone should be created over Syria to protect it from attacks ordered by the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s government. Turkey also is pushing for Western help to develop a military buffer zone along its border with Syria, but U.S. officials have been non-committal so far.
“Look, a buffer zone might, at some point, might become a possibility, but that’s not part of our campaign plan presently,” Dempsey said.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

European steel sector set for massive job cuts: Industry bodyExecutives of major steel companies are due to meet at the World Steel Association's annual conference in Moscow on October 5 to 8.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT: European steel companies will have to cut a substantial number of jobs to bolster their earnings, reflecting a slump in demand and Asian competition, Wolfgang Eder, vice president of the World Steel Association, was quoted saying by a German newspaper.
"Massive job cuts are unavoidable," weekly Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung quoted Eder as saying, in an excerpt of an article to be published on Sunday, adding headcount reductions were "painful but long overdue".
Steel demand is expected to return to growth in Europe this year, though European steel industry body Eurofer, whose members include the likes of ArcelorMittal, ThyssenKrupp and Voestalpine, has said cheaper steel imports from outside the European Union had put pressure on margins.
Eder, also chief executive of Austria's Voestalpine, warned that European steel companies were falling behind their peers in China, India and Korea in terms of technology and innovation, because they could not afford to invest.
Executives of major steel companies are due to meet at the World Steel Association's annual conference in Moscow on October 5 to 8.

Modi at UN: Asserting India’s global role | Let s move towards G-AllSeptember 28, 2014, 12:02 am IST TK Arun in Cursor | India , Times View | ET
33
The earth did not quite shake as Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the 69th United Nations General Assembly, but the PM did make his presence felt as the representative of a sixth of humanity, seeking to set the agenda for the multilateral organisation and proposing a global, comprehensive convention to tackle terror.
Modi dealt with Pakistan with welcome restraint, refusing to be drawn into a verbal duel over Kashmir to which Pak prime minister Nawaz Sharif’s speech at the UN had constituted an invitation.
Modi reiterated India’s stand that Kashmir is a bilateral matter and that discussions cannot take place with a terror gun held to India’s head. By stressing the need to focus on the recent calamitous floods in Kashmir, Modi sought to present a contrast between Pakistan’s political preoccupation with Kashmir and India’s concern for the welfare of the people of the state.
As speeches go, this is fine, but actual concern has to be demonstrated by action on the ground, not by sweeping rhetoric. After a flood of waters, Kashmir now needs not a flood of words but systematic relief and rehabilitation.
Restoring the traditional storm water channels that had allowed water to drain away, contingency plans to deploy heavy pumps to pump out water from low-lying areas where posh colonies have come up, and other such things have low rhetorical yield but address the real concerns of the flood-affected.
That Modi spoke in Hindi is perfectly in order. Hindi is spoken by larger numbers than are three of the UN’s six official languages, French, Arabic and Russian. So, actually, are several other Indian languages. Indian languages do deserve more official representation in international fora. But the kind of Hindi Modi spoke certainly was not in order.
When Modi speaks ex tempore, he speaks the language that the common people of north India understand, the Hindustani of Hindi films. That is one of the sources of his popularity. But his speech at UN was in the artificial mould of Sangh ideologues, obscure Sanskrit words skewering and displacing common words that have their roots in Urdu/Persian.
The Sangh has for long tried to create a communal divide in language as well, trying to excise all traces of Persian from Hindustani and replace them with words borrowed from Sanskrit. Sanghis choose to ignore the common roots of both Sanskrit and Persian in the Indo-Aryan family of lanugages, in their constant, pervasive effort to portray the Muslim as the other.
Modi breezed through universal disarmament and non-proliferation. Terror was used to make the point that India can also take global initiatives, by way of seeking an international convention on it. But Modi chose to gloss over the emergence of the Islamic State, as if preparing the ground not to play any activist role in the emerging international alliance against it.
References to democracy, India’s tradition of multilateralism, and claim to universalism founded on ancient philosophy served to both be politically correct and clamber on to the moral high ground.
The call to complete action on revamping the Security Council by the 70th General Assembly next year, for maritime, outer space and cyber space security and to continue with equal but differentiated responsibilities of developed and developing countries towards the environment sought to communicate India’s assertion of its rightful place in the comity of nations and the comprehensive sweep of its concerns.
Modi was conscious that he was addressing a huge domestic audience and kept his pitch on development high. That he called for every nation to do its bit to achieve development, in contrast to his willingness to let a comprehensive multilateral convention take on the work on terror, showed his seriousness on the subject.
Two thing struck an odd note in Modi’s speech. The first was his reference to Yoga. Modi offered Yoga as India’s contribution to combating climate change. Of course, he did not mean to suggest that if all seven billion humans stood on their head before breakfast every day, global warming would reverse itself.
He wished to assert the balance between mind and body that Yoga seeks to secure, and, thereby, emphasise the restraint sustainability calls for on the desire to constantly expand consumption. This makes sense.
What does not make sense is his party propping up, in the name of Yoga, false apostles who barely know the difference between contorted bodily postures and control of the mind via control of the body that Yoga pursues.
The second oddity in Modi’s speech was a reference to new divisions in Europe. Does this mark a departure in New Delhi’s stand on Ukraine’s civil strife? India had ruffled American feathers by stating that Russia had legitimate concerns over developments in Ukraine and Crimea.
Is there any plan to deviate from India’s eminently sensible pursuit of encouraging a multipolar distribution of power in the world, to prevent unipolar hegemony that would constrict the space a developing country like India would have? The government should elaborate its views on the subject to the domestic public.
On the whole, Modi made an impressive debut on the global stage, even if he did not outline any vision comparable to the rousing call for a world free of nuclear weapons that Rajiv Gandhi had made in his 1988 address to the UN, which continues to rally support 26 years later.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Jaya s political career hasn t been a bed of roses | Many ups and downs of herJ Jayalalithaa's political career hasn't been a bed of roses
V Prem Shanker & K R Balasubramanyam, ET Bureau Sep 28, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
DMK
(Like films, J Jayalalithaa's…)
Life, unlike movies, doesn't always deliver happy endings. Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in prison by a Bangalore court in the disproportionate assets case. Her life is nothing short of the superhit melodramas she starred in as an actress.
Jayalalithaa was a toddler when she lost her father Jayaram. Her mother Sandhya later introduced the 15-year-old Jayalalithaa to the Tamil film industry. Jayalalithaa's film career started on a high as her first film Vennira Aadai (White Dress) became a big hit.
Jayalalithaa's first film with MG Ramachandran Aayirathil Oruvan (One Among Thousands) was a runaway hit and gave the Tamil film industry a superhit pairing. The duo would go on and redraw the political contours of Tamil Nadu.
Politics, relatively, was tougher. In 1989, when Jayalalithaa first entered the assembly and became the opposition leader, the ruling DMK was intolerant of an Opposition led by the young actress turned politician. On the day of the state budget, heated arguments between then chief minister M Karunanidhi and Jayalalithaa led to violence in the house. It was a free-for-all with members on both sides hurling abuses and shoes, and a minister even pulled Jayalalithaa's saree. In the next assembly election in 1991, her party, in a pre-poll alliance with the Congress, wrested power and made her the CM.
In her initial days, she pursued a politics starkly different from that of the DMK. In the 1990s, the Tamil Tigers were at the pinnacle of their popularity, enjoying popular support.
She, however, ruthlessly went after the LTTE cadre and supporters. But her five-year reign was marred by allegations of corruption and ill-governance. The defeat in the 1996 election was humiliating. Having lost herself and with just four MLAs, she withdrew into a shell for some time. In the following years, she focussed on fighting an aggressive DMK and corruption cases booked against her.
In 2001, when she became chief minister for a second time, one of the first things she did was to order the arrest of her predecessor Karunanidhi. In September 2001, Jayalalithaa had to step aside and pick a junior aide O Paneerselvam as a stand-in candidate after the Supreme Court termed her nomination as CM unconstitutional. The apex court had famously observed that the people's mandate cannot subvert the constitution.
In the subsequent year, she cleared her name in the graft case that led to her disqualification and reclaimed her chair.
  Toward the end of her second term (2001-2006), she took some unpopular but tough decisions like dismissing thousands of government employees en masse. She even appeared to move toward the BJP when she attempted to enact an anti-conversion legislation. These decisions she later reversed.
In the 2006 election, she lost power only to return five years later and become chief minister for a third term in 2011.
Jayalalithaa has exhibited a keen understanding of politics. She dumped the Congress long ago — recently she even recommended the release of Rajiv Gandhi's killers from the Vellore prison after the Supreme Court commuted their death sentence to life. That was a shrewd political move ahead of the Lok Sabha polls.
In the run-up to the May 2014 polls, there was apprehension even among members of the AIADMK that not allying with the BJP may cost the party dear. But Jayalalithaa's decision to depend only on her popularity paid off — the AIADMK won 37 out of 39 seats in the state — displaying her understanding of and grip over the state's electorate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DA case: Jaya s political career hasn t been bed of roses | Cunha: Judge who made historyJ Jayalalithaa's political career hasn't been a bed of roses
V Prem Shanker & K R Balasubramanyam, ET Bureau Sep 28, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
DMK
(Like films, J Jayalalithaa's…)
Life, unlike movies, doesn't always deliver happy endings. Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in prison by a Bangalore court in the disproportionate assets case. Her life is nothing short of the superhit melodramas she starred in as an actress.
Jayalalithaa was a toddler when she lost her father Jayaram. Her mother Sandhya later introduced the 15-year-old Jayalalithaa to the Tamil film industry. Jayalalithaa's film career started on a high as her first film Vennira Aadai (White Dress) became a big hit.
Jayalalithaa's first film with MG Ramachandran Aayirathil Oruvan (One Among Thousands) was a runaway hit and gave the Tamil film industry a superhit pairing. The duo would go on and redraw the political contours of Tamil Nadu.
Politics, relatively, was tougher. In 1989, when Jayalalithaa first entered the assembly and became the opposition leader, the ruling DMK was intolerant of an Opposition led by the young actress turned politician. On the day of the state budget, heated arguments between then chief minister M Karunanidhi and Jayalalithaa led to violence in the house. It was a free-for-all with members on both sides hurling abuses and shoes, and a minister even pulled Jayalalithaa's saree. In the next assembly election in 1991, her party, in a pre-poll alliance with the Congress, wrested power and made her the CM.
In her initial days, she pursued a politics starkly different from that of the DMK. In the 1990s, the Tamil Tigers were at the pinnacle of their popularity, enjoying popular support.
She, however, ruthlessly went after the LTTE cadre and supporters. But her five-year reign was marred by allegations of corruption and ill-governance. The defeat in the 1996 election was humiliating. Having lost herself and with just four MLAs, she withdrew into a shell for some time. In the following years, she focussed on fighting an aggressive DMK and corruption cases booked against her.
In 2001, when she became chief minister for a second time, one of the first things she did was to order the arrest of her predecessor Karunanidhi. In September 2001, Jayalalithaa had to step aside and pick a junior aide O Paneerselvam as a stand-in candidate after the Supreme Court termed her nomination as CM unconstitutional. The apex court had famously observed that the people's mandate cannot subvert the constitution.
In the subsequent year, she cleared her name in the graft case that led to her disqualification and reclaimed her chair.
  Toward the end of her second term (2001-2006), she took some unpopular but tough decisions like dismissing thousands of government employees en masse. She even appeared to move toward the BJP when she attempted to enact an anti-conversion legislation. These decisions she later reversed.
In the 2006 election, she lost power only to return five years later and become chief minister for a third term in 2011.
Jayalalithaa has exhibited a keen understanding of politics. She dumped the Congress long ago — recently she even recommended the release of Rajiv Gandhi's killers from the Vellore prison after the Supreme Court commuted their death sentence to life. That was a shrewd political move ahead of the Lok Sabha polls.
In the run-up to the May 2014 polls, there was apprehension even among members of the AIADMK that not allying with the BJP may cost the party dear. But Jayalalithaa's decision to depend only on her popularity paid off — the AIADMK won 37 out of 39 seats in the state — displaying her understanding of and grip over the state's electorate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cabinet recommends Prez Rule in poll-bound MahaBJP
(NCP had on Thursday called…)
NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet today recommended imposition of President's Rule in assembly poll-bound Maharashtra, a day after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned following the end of 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance in the state.
The brief Cabinet meeting, chaired by Home Minister Rajnath Singh in the absence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is in the US, decided to recommend to the President central rule in the state where assembly polls will be held on October 15, sources said.
After NCP withdrew support, Chavan resigned and his resignation was accepted by Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao today.
As assembly elections in Maharashtra are scheduled next month, the Governor in his report to the Centre has recommend imposition of President's rule in the state, said the sources.
NCP had on Thursday called off its alliance with Congress accusing Chavan of neglecting it and stalling talks over seat-sharing.
NCP's insistence on the two allies contesting an equal number of the state's 288 assembly seats and demand for rotational chief ministership for half of the government's five-year term if the alliance retained power were the sticking points during the seat-sharing talks which eventually led to the collapse of the alliance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CBDT extends due date for filing tax audit reportCBDT extends due date for filing tax audit report
K. R. Srivats
P_V_SIVAKUMAR K. V. Chowdary, Chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes
New Delhi, Aug 23:  
Corporates and professionals who need to mandatorily furnish tax audit reports will have more time to do so this year.
This is because the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has extended the due date for filing of the tax audit report (for assessment year 2014-15) to November 30 from the statutorily specified date of September 30.
This decision comes in the wake of the CBDT move to revise the forms relating to tax audits with effect from July 24.
However, the CBDT has now clarified that tax audit reports filed from April 1, 2014, to July 24 in the pre-revised forms will be treated as valid tax audit reports furnished under the income tax law.
While the due date for furnishing the tax audit report stands extended, there is no change in the due date (September 30) for filing of income tax returns for corporates who are subjected to tax audit.
(This article was published on August 23, 2014)
Related

Fashion mantra: PM s image to merge into an  international lookFashion mantra: PM s image to merge into an  international look
Asian Development Bank sells entire stake in Petronet LNG for Rs 714.5 crAsian Development Bank sells entire stake in Petronet LNG for Rs 714.5 cr
Jayalalithaa cannot contest polls for 10 yearsNew Delhi, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 28, 2014 03:06 IST
Jayalalithaa cannot contest polls for 10 years
J. Venkatesan
The Hindu A file photo of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa.
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Cannot contest 2016 Assembly elections
The AIADMK chief, Ms. Jayalalithaa, who stands disqualified as an MLA forthwith because of her conviction and four-year sentence of imprisonment in the Rs. 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case, cannot contest elections for 10 years including 2016 Assembly polls, unless her conviction is also stayed besides stay of sentence.
She is the first Chief Minister to be disqualified following the Supreme Court verdict last year declaring unconstitutional the protection of three months given to MPs/MLAs in office to prefer an appeal and get a stay in the higher court and continue in office.
As per Section 8 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, a person who is convicted and sentenced to jail even for a day under any provision of the Prevention of Corruption Act stands disqualified to contest any election for a period of six years from the date of such conviction and sentence of imprisonment. This would mean that as of now she cannot contest polls for 10 years.
Though Ms. Jayalalithaa was initially convicted and sentenced to undergo three years imprisonment in the TANSI case (relating to purchase of government property), she was later acquitted by the higher courts. But during pendency of appeal, the High Court refused to stay the conviction. She was initially convicted in the case relating to relaxation of rules to benefit the Pleasant Stay Hotel at Kodaikanal but was acquitted by the higher courts; purchase of coal by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) and purchase of colour television sets for community viewing in villages. In the “Meena Advertisers”, “granite quarrying lease” and “Immunity Scheme” cases, no charge sheet was filed. She is also facing the income tax case in a Chennai court and case of receipt of three lakhs US dollars as gift is pending in the Supreme Court.
The DA case is one of the longest and hardest fought legal battles. Since the case was filed in 1996, Ms. Jayalalithaa and other accused had filed over 1,000 applications/petitions and appeals in various courts resulting in inordinate delay in the disposal of the case.
Ms. Jayalalithaa would be unable to contest in the 2016 Assembly elections in the State unless her sentence and conviction are stayed. However since this is a Prevention of Corruption Act case, the possibility of the higher courts staying her conviction is remote considering the law laid down by the Supreme Court in the case of `K.C. Sareen vs CBI’.
In August 2001, a Bench headed by Justice K.T. Thomas had made it clear that “when conviction is on a corruption charge against a public servant, the appellate court or the revisional court should not suspend the order of conviction during the pendency of the appeal even if the sentence of imprisonment is suspended.”
The apex court had said “It would be a sublime public policy that the convicted public servant is kept under disability of the conviction in spite of keeping the sentence of imprisonment in abeyance till the disposal of the appeal or revision. Though the power to suspend an order of conviction, apart from the order of sentence, is not alien to Section 389(1) of the Cr. P.C., its exercise should be limited to very exceptional cases. Merely because the convicted person files an appeal in challenge of the conviction the court should not suspend the operation of the order of conviction.” As a result she would not be in a position to contest elections in the near future.

New labelling guidelines hit F&B industry hardNew labelling guidelines hit F&B industry hard ahead of the festival season
By Ratna Bhushan & Ishani Duttagupta, ET Bureau | 28 Sep, 2014, 03.00AM IST
0
Share More
With Diwali just around the corner, liquor majors and restaurants are in a blue funk over their depleted stocks of imported premium liquor
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
The festival season has kicked off but it's more famine than feast for food and beverage marketers. The reason for the gloom is the stringent implementation of food safety norms by the government regulator, the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI); this has resulted in delay over approvals of import consignments, a lot of which have been held up at ports.
The list of F&B firms hit by the FSSAI is long: GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare, Ferrero Group, Tata Starbucks , Lindt chocolates, Cadbury, Mars, Diageo, Pernod Ricard, Bacardi, William Grant & Sons and Brown Forman. Around 300 containers worth roughly Rs 18,000 crore are stuck at ports just ahead of the festive season, said a top official of a chocolate importer, requesting not to be named. This, he said, includes consignments of imported chocolates, liquor and canola oil.
With Diwali just around the corner, liquor majors and restaurants are in a blue funk over their depleted stocks of imported premium liquor. But before the festival of lights comes the German beer festival Oktoberfest, which has already kicked off. "We usually serve a dozen German beers during Oktoberfest. But with imported consignments having been sent back due to non-compliant food labels, there is no visibility of any stock this year and we have only four German brands," says Rahul Singh, founder and CEO, The Beer Cafe.
The FSSAI labelling regulation requires the logo/license number, ingredients, importer name, batch number, packing and expiry date of imports to be displayed. Shipments have been sent back from the ports following even minor errors in the labels. In fact, the FSSAI has been very stringent in enforcing the law since July 2014, as the companies started building up stocks for the festival season.
Singh doesn't see the FSSAI issue getting resolved soon. "Most of the large beer companies in the world have a standard label that is globally acceptable. The India orders are meagre and these large corporations don't want to change labels only for India," he points out.
Low Spirits
"Restaurants — both casual and fine dining — have liquor stocks of 20-30 days, but with the FSSAI guidelines being implemented with great strictness since July this year, stocks of imported beer, wine and spirits have got depleted and the situation in the festive season looks very bleak," says Samir Kuckreja , founder and CEO of Tasanaya Hospitality, an F&B consultancy. Kuckreja, a former president of the National Restaurant Association of India, adds that gourmet food products too have been hit, with specialised cuisine such as Japanese and Mexican being heavily dependent on imported items.
For Diageo, the FSSAI norms have resulted in the stockout of many of their imported brands. "Apart from sudden business disruption, this is ill-timed as the Diwali gifting season is here. Stocks of Johnnie Walker Black Label , The Singleton, Talisker etc. are in short supply. It's critical that this issue be addressed and supplies continue uninterrupted," says Abanti Sankaranarayanan, managing director of Diageo India . The liquor major, along with a consortium of alcohol beverage companies, has been in continuous talks with FSSAI to find a solution.
Sankaranarayanan adds that the liquor firms are ready to abide by the labelling requirements of the government. However, it isn't easy as the industry is governed by state governments and any labelling changes must be synchronised with the annual state excise label registration cycle. "We have offered a few solutions but haven't yet secured a breakthrough. It's critical that an interim solution is found for the goods that are being held up," Sankaranarayanan says.
For Ankur Jain, director of craft beer importer Cerana, the ambiguity over labelling norms has added to his woes. "The imported beer and spirits market has really contracted in terms of product availability and the industry is staring at massive losses," Jain told ET Magazine.
Not So Sweet
Fine foods, chocolates, cookies, olives and candy — items that go into gift hampers in the festival season — are also in short supply. Jay Zaveri , chief operating officer at Foodhall , the premium lifestyle food retailing arm of the Future Group, says that imported premium food items sought by customers for gifting purposes account for around one-third of total annual sales. "We will find it difficult to fulfil our high-end customers' needs during the festival season," adds Zaveri.
VN Dalmia , president of the India Olive Association and chairman of Dalmia Continental, a provider of premium wellness foods, reckons it's not just a question of delay, "but also of not being able to use the products at all. A lot of these food and beverage products are perishable and if they are stuck at ports for over six months in high temperatures, then it's quite possible that they may have gone bad, causing considerable financial losses."
In August, Lindt, a popular Swiss chocolate brand, closed its India operations after its consignments were sent back because they did not comply with FSSAI norms. "Many importers are unwilling to take the risk of importing food and beverages and are exiting from the business," points out Amit Lohani , managing director of Max Foods, an F&B importer and convener at the Forum of Indian Food Importers. Over to the FSSAI.

Asian Games 2014: India win historic gold in compound men s team archery158
3
Incheon: Indian archers started day eight of Asian Games with a bang by clinching a historic gold by beating favourites Korea 227-224 in the compound men's team archery on Saturday.
The trio of Rajat Chauhan, Sandeep Kumar and Abhishek Verma were consistent right from the start as they shot nines and tens at regular basis, while Korea surprisingly had a jittery start.
This was India's second gold medal in eight days after pistol shooter Jitu Rai had earned the top position on the first day of the competition.
It was a closely-fought contest as the South Korean team of Choi Yong-hee, Min Li-hong and Yang Young-ho fell short by just two points, while the Indians held on to their nerves to win an all-important battle.
Indian men had 12 10s as compared to 13 by their opponents.
Earlier in the day, India's compound women's team bagged the bronze medal after beating Iran 224-217.
Indian team comprising Trisha Deb, Purvasha Shende and Surekha Jyothi, shot 224, while Sakineh Ghasempour, Maryam Ranjbarsari and Shabnam Sarlak of Iran could manage a total of 217.
Both Indian and Iranian girls had a total of nine 10's each at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field.
806

The secret Goldman Sachs tapesThe secret Goldman Sachs tapes
Narendra Modi follows footsteps of Vajpayee  speaks in Hindi at UNSep 27, 2014 at 11:32pm IST
Narendra Modi follows footsteps of Vajpayee, speaks in Hindi at UN
35
0
United Nations: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday followed the footsteps of BJP patriarch and former prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee in addressing the UN General Assembly in Hindi.
Modi, who has been holding diplomatic conversations in Hindi after becoming Prime Minister four months ago, spoke in Hindi during his 35-minute maiden address at the UNGA. Vajpayee, who was Prime Minister from 1998 to 2004, was the first Indian premier to speak in Hindi at the UNGA's Millennium Summit.
As foreign minister in the Janata party government, Vajpayee had addressed a UNGA session in 1977 in Hindi.
Narendra Modi followed the footsteps of BJP patriarch and former prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee in addressing the UN General Assembly in Hindi.
#modi meets america #narendra modi #india #us
Hindi is not among the official languages of the UN.
Earlier this month, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, while addressing a function in New Delhi on the occasion of Hindi Divas, had said Vajpayee was the first Prime Minister to deliver his speech at the UN in Hindi.
During his address, Modi spoke about Indian culture and ethos.
"It is a truly a great honour to address you for the first time as the Prime Minister of India. I stand here conscious of the hopes and expectations of the people of India," he said.
Talking about India, he said, "India is a country that constitutes one-sixth of humanity; a nation experiencing economic and social transformation on a scale rarely seen in history.
"Every nation's world view is shaped by its civilization and philosophical tradition. India's ancient wisdom sees the world as one family," he said.
9

Modi wades into cheering crowds  throws security in a tizzyModi wades into cheering crowds  throws security in a tizzy
Watch Live Music at the Global Citizen Festivalwatch live music at the global citizen festival
THE NEW YORKERS: RUCHIR SHARMA16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

PIMCO names Ivascyn its new Bill GrossPIMCO names Ivascyn its new Bill Gross
By: Matt Krantz September 26, 2014 7:44 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Dan Ivascyn takes over as head of CIO of PIMCO. Source: PIMCO
PIMCO late Friday named Daniel Ivascyn as its new chief investment officer, replacing Bill Gross who resigned today.
Ivascyn, 44, has served as deputy chief investment officer at PIMCO since Jan. 21, 2014 and joined the company in 1998. Most recently, he managed the company’s PIMCO Income Fund which has $38 billion under management, Bloomberg says. Ivascyn and Alfred Murata were named bond fund managers of the year for 2013 by Morningstar.
EARLIER:  Bond guru Bill Gross leaves Pimco, joins Janus Capital
Ivascyn has experience in a number of bond areas, including mortgage-backed securities, which have been an increasingly popular area of the fixed-income market.
Before joining PIMCO, Ivascyn worked in the asset-backed securities unit of Bear Stearns. He has also worked at T. Rowe Price and Fidelity Investments since getting into the business in 1991.
AT PIMCO:  Gross’ outspoken nature troubled colleagues
Ivascyn has an MBA from the University of Chicago and has a bachelor’s in economics from Occidental College.
Besides the change at the top, PIMCO made a number of other personnel changes. Scott Mather, Mark Kiesel and Mihir Worah were named the portfolio managers of PIMCO’s headliner Total Return Fund. Kiesel is recognized among insiders as being so convinced the housing market was overvalued during the housing bubble that he sold his own Newport Beach, Calif. home and moved into a rental to avoid the financial pain of the downturn. Kiesel was named bond manager of the year in 2012 by Morningstar.
Mather joined PIMCO in 1998 and before that was a bond trader focused on mortgage backed securities for Goldman Sachs. He holds a master’s degree in engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.
Worah joined PIMCO in 2001, before which he was researching at Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, where “he built models to explain the difference between matter and anti-matter,” PIMCO says. He holds a Ph. D. in theoretical physics from the University of Chicago.
“We have a deep bench of talent with extensive investment and leadership experience, including more than 240 portfolio managers globally, and our outstanding team around the world gives us the scale, talent, expertise and commitment to manage this transition,” Ivascyn said in a release. “We will continue to add and promote talent at all levels to help us drive our firm forward.”
Editor in Chief @dcallaway and financial guru @JohnWaggoner on Bill Gross' stunning PIMCO exit http://t.co/RNzT4XkQVf pic.twitter.com/j1QAGDKeHA

Arvind Kejriwal s daughter to enter politics  with AAP student wing in IIT DelhiSep 27, 2014 at 10:03pm IST
Arvind Kejriwal's daughter to enter politics, with AAP student wing in IIT Delhi
37
0
New Delhi: AAP national convener Arvind Kejriwal's daughter Harshita has decided to make her foray into politics by joining the party's student wing the Chhaatra Yuva Sangharsha Samiti (CYSS), which was launched on Saturday.
The daughter of the former Delhi Chief Minister will launch and expand CYSS in IIT Delhi, where she is currently pursuing her graduation.
The youth wing, which was launched today, will have its presence in 50 colleges in the national capital, apart from Delhi, Jamia Milia and Jawaharlal Nehru universities.
The daughter of the former Delhi Chief Minister will launch and expand CYSS in IIT Delhi, where she is currently pursuing her graduation.
#arvind kejriwal #aap #iit delhi #aap student wing
There were questions on whether Harshita would join the CYSS to which an announcement was made here at Ghalib auditorium that she would expand the student's wing in IIT Delhi.
Harshita scored 96 per cent in the board exams and cleared the JEE exam to get into IIT Delhi.
Arvind Kejriwal himself is an engineering graduate from IIT Kharagpur. Besides, he even cleared the Indian Revenue Service (IRS) Exam before leaving the civil services to join social service and later politics.
166

Won t allow Bangladesh to be used for extremism  hope India reciprocates too: Hasina18
0
United Nations: Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday said that she would not allow the soil of her country to be used for any kind of extremism and hoped that India would also reciprocate on the matter.
After her first meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Hasina described the talks as "very good" and said she discussed various bilateral issues of mutual concern with him. "The meeting was very good. We are two friendly countries and we discussed various bilateral issues of mutual concerns," Hasina told reporters after coming out of an over 30-minute long bilateral meeting.
Asked whether she gave a dossier on Saradha scam as reported in the media, she said it was never on the agenda. On questions about extremism, Hasina said, "We are always against extremism. I have declared that I will not allow anybody to use our soil for any kind of extremism. We strongly fight the extremism and I hope that India will do the reciprocal."
After her first meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Hasina described the talks as "very good" and said she discussed various bilateral issues of mutual concern with him.
#modi meets america #narendra modi #narendra modi us visit #sheikh hasina
Earlier in the day, Hasina during her speech at the UN General Assembly said Bangladesh has reached "agreements with friendly countries such as India, China and Japan to develop large scale power plants to meet our growing demands by 2021."
She also said that "terrorism and extremism remain major impediments to global peace and development. "My Government maintains a 'zero-tolerance' policy to all forms of terrorism, violent extremism, radicalisation and religion-based politics. We remain firm in our resolve not to allow any terrorist individual or entity to use our territory against any state.
"The anti-liberation forces continue to remain active in destroying the progressive and secular fabric of our nation. They resort to religious militancy and violent extremism in every opportunity. Under the direct patronage of the BNP-Jamaat Alliance Government from 2001 to 2006, they coalesced to form terrorist outfits, that perpetrated bomb and grenade attacks killing secular political leaders and activists."
"These gruesome attacks cemented my resolve to create a strong legal and regulatory regime for countering terrorism including adoption of amended Anti-Terrorism Act 2013 and Anti-Money Laundering Act 2012," she added.
Hasina also said that her government was "entrenching democracy, secularism and women empowerment to ideologically defeat terrorism and extremism. "We have also significantly enhanced transparency and accountability in governance by strengthening our Election, Anti-Corruption, Human Rights and Information Commission."
2

Devendra Fadnavis  Anil Deshmukh file nominations in NagpurSep 28, 2014 at 12:11am IST
Devendra Fadnavis, Anil Deshmukh file nominations in Nagpur
5
0
Nagpur: State BJP president and sitting MLA Devendra Fadnavis and Maharashtra Food and Civil Supplies Minister Anil Deshmukh of NCP were among the 24 candidates who filed nominations for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls here on the penultimate day.
While Fadnavis filed his nomination for the Nagpur South-West seat, Deshmukh will contest from Katol assembly constituency. Former Minister Ramesh Bang of NCP (Hingana) also filed his papers.
A release from Nagpur City and District Congress Committee (NCDCC) said that all the six Congress candidates from Nagpur city will file papers on Sunday, after paying tributes to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar at RBI square.
Devendra Fadnavis and Anil Deshmukh of NCP filed nominations for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #devendra fadnavis #anil deshmukh #nomination
Shiv Sena candidates will also be file their nominations on Sunday, party sources said.
In Chandrapur, 27 candidates belonging to different political parties filed their nominations for the six assembly segments in the district.
Congress MLA Subhash Dhote from Rajura constituency, BJP MLA Sudhir Mungantiwar from Ballarpur and Congress MLA from Chimur Vijay Wadettiwar, who opted to contest from Brahmapuri constituency this time as Congress candidate, filed their nominations.
Two nominations were filed for Rajura with the second candidate Sanjay Yadavrao Dhote on BJP ticket.
Three nominations were filed by independents from Chandrapur from three candidates.
Eight candidates for Chimur constituency, six for Warora, five for Brahmapuri, three from Chandrapur and two for the Rajura seat filed their nomination papers.
The total number of nominations filed in the district so far is 42.
Meanwhile, in Raigad district, NCP MLA Suresh Lad (for Karjat), Shiv Sena MLA Bharat Gogawale (for Mahad), Subhash P Patil of Peasants and Workers Party (for Alibaug), former MLA and Congress candidate Ravi Patil (Pen), Avdhoot Tatkare of NCP, who is the nephew of NCP State president Sunil Tatakare (for Shrivardhan), Aadiwasi Hakka Sameeti candidate Vaishali Patil (Pen) and Ram Gharat of BJP (Pen) filed their papers.
3

Cricket madness at Mount KilimanjaroLATEST PHOTOS
Cricket Touches A New High
A new cricket match altitude record was set on the peak of Africa's highest peak, Mount Kilimanjaro. The game was played at 5,730 metres in the flat crater just below Kilimanjaro's 5,895-metre summit. The standing record for the world's highest game has been 5,165 metres, played in the Himalayas at Everest base camp in Nepal in 2009. (Text: AFP)
Prev Next
TANZANIA, UNITED REPUBLIC OF, Kilimanjaro : Tanzanian porters stand on a ridge on Kilimanjaro above the clouds trying to get a mobile phone signal to call their wives on the plains below on September 21, 2014. Two teams are taking part in a gruelling eight-day trek up the vast extinct volcano, to play a full Twenty20 game in the ice-covered crater just below its rugged peak, at 5,785 metres (19,000 feet). AFP PHOTO/PETER MARTELL
TANZANIA, UNITED REPUBLIC OF, Kilimanjaro : Tanzanian porters stand on a ridge on Kilimanjaro above the clouds trying to get a mobile phone signal to call their wives on the plains below on September 21, 2014. Two teams are taking part in a gruelling eight-day trek up the vast extinct volcano, to play a full Twenty20 game in the ice-covered crater just below its rugged peak, at 5,785 metres (19,000 feet). AFP PHOTO/PETER MARTELL
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
New Zealand vs Pakistan Te...
vs.
5th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
11 hours ago
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
16 hours ago
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
18 hours ago
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

US Court Summons Modi in Gujarat Riots CaseUS Court Summons Modi in Gujarat Riots Case
Desh Ki Dhadkan HMT runs out of timeRummaging through a dusty tin chest, an employee at the HMT company store in Connaught Place fiddles with a watch dial before finally looking up and gesturing towards his best watches on display.
 
His body language makes it clear there is no chance of small talk, and nostalgia is off the menu. The government has decided to pull the plug on HMT Watches and that is the reality weighing on his mind.
 
Ornamented with two rickety aluminium cupboards, a couple of wobbly wooden chairs, and a glass counter behind a work space, the store lies nestled in one of the many by-lanes of New Delhi’s commercial centre.
 
HMT, India’s native, government-backed watch brand was set up in 1962, with aid from Japan’s Citizen. Even though the company produced mechanically strong watches, flaunting clean and elegant designs, they made their debut at a time when household incomes ran low.
 
Running in losses for over a decade, the iconic brand which carved a niche for itself in several Indian hearts and houses is on its way out after 53 years. There is no revival in store for the brand that flaunted the ‘Desh ki Dhadkan’ punchline and prided itself on being the timekeeper of the nation.   
 
“This was bound to happen sooner than later because of changing tastes of the younger generation,” says Rajiv Gupta, manager of a private firm in Jaipur.
 
According to Rajiv, HMT’s fatal flaw was not changing with times. “The company targeted the young generation but priced watches to fit only the pockets of middle-aged and well-off consumers.
 
“I bought my first HMT watch in 1990 and have quite a few fond memories. In three words, I would describe the brand as durable, simple and classy,” Rajiv adds.
 
Devyani Singh, a freelance environment researcher and consultant from Mumbai, says, “My grandfather owns two HMT watches, one of them 20 years old and they still work. My father was gifted one when he got married. He may have moved on to newer brands, but HMT remains a piece that he cherishes.”
 
Two years after its launch, India welcomed Titan, HMT’s soon-to-be-competitor. What should have been a wake-up call did little to shake up the company, which at one point in time enjoyed 34% share of the watch market in India.
 
Titan and other contemporary brands explored several options to appeal to the changing taste, creating an entirely separate line for women.
 
HMT remained stuck on analog, winding and quartz wrist and pocket watches, thus failing to bring in innovation, design and diversity to please the changing consumer demographics.
 
Does this then mean that HMT could not stand the test of time? Perhaps not.
 
Singh says, “We belong to a generation where there are newer brands that keep pace with the fast-changing styles, and HMT kind of fell behind. All that being true, I wouldn’t mind owning an HMT watch. My tastes have changed from when I was a teenager and the brand has an emotional connect in most Indian households.”
 
Perhaps the brand could’ve showcased itself in a better fashion. While its performance unarguably has been impressive, it paid little attention to aesthetics and packaging.
 
Perhaps the brand could’ve tried one last shot at survival and projected itself as an exclusively full-fledged antique brand.
 
Privatisation could have been an alternative.
 
Ambuj Gupta, coordinator, Brandwagon-The Marketing Club, New Delhi, says, “Privatisation would have led to generation of new ideas and the company could’ve repositioned itself to suit the needs of the present generation while highlighting their historical relevance.”
 
All said and done, it is beyond doubt that HMT will long be remembered for its old-world charm and the 53-year-long tryst with this country.
 
This is how twitter bid goodbye to the HMT legacy:
Any hmt watch shops in #mumbai ? Looking to get a watch before its curtains down forever! Anyone? #hmt
— Chirag Wakaskar (@chiragwakaskar) September 24, 2014
I still remember newly wed couples wearing #HMT Sona & Kanchan watches in 80's & early 90's #Nostalgic pic.twitter.com/q4qva2ajYr — Manoj Singh (@TheManojSingh) September 21, 2014
The end of an era #HMTWatches #InstaIndia #GoodByeHMT http://t.co/lDXYxqWqcJ — That Ol' Green Soul (@devyanisingh) September 12, 2014
I know 5 ppl who bought HMTwatches on sentimental note after hearing of closure.At this rate, u may hear HMT calls off shut down,back in biz— ThePetticoatJournal (@iShrutiKohli) September 16, 2014

Unwarranted rollbackUpdated: September 27, 2014 00:53 IST
Unwarranted rollback
labour
The National Democratic Alliance government should weigh the huge human implications of its move to curtail the reach of the world’s largest public works employment programme – schemes under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA). At stake in this decade-old law for millions of rural unskilled labourers across the country is the legally enforceable right to 100 days of work a year for a minimum wage. Given the thrust on employment generation, the ratio of expenditure on labour to materials was pegged at 60-40 per cent of the total allocation. The proportion is to be revised to 51-49 per cent, according to an announcement by Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari. By the government’s own admission, there has been considerable underutilisation of funds meant for the materials component — only around 27 per cent in the past two years. Thus, the proposed increase in allocation for materials would necessarily eat into the share of the financing of the wage component of the MGNREGA, reducing employment generation. Apprehensions voiced by activists that the move would let loose rapacious contractors on to an arena designated to redress rural poverty may not be entirely without basis. Moreover, the decision to limit the programme to the tribal and backward districts could severely undermine its universal character, and further dilute the focus of MGNREGA.
At another level, as academic research has established, methods to improve the efficacy of the MGNREGA are strengthening the democratic process in myriad ways. Gram sabhas are proving to be vibrant bodies that undertake extensive social audits of public works. The widespread outcry to root out rampant corruption has led to routing payments through post offices and bank accounts. Further, despite the many challenges, the MGNREGA is reaching the rural poor, especially women, according to a 2012 World Bank study based on 2009-2010 National Sample Survey data. If anything, there is acute unmet demand for work under the programme in the poorest States, the study found. The benefits of the scheme to lift millions out of the below-$1-a-day level of poverty have been acknowledged by the International Labour Organisation. As a key supporting party of the United Progressive Alliance government that launched the MGNREGA, the ruling dispensation in Uttar Pradesh has no small interest in ensuring its success. Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav should facilitate the smooth conduct of the Central Bureau of Investigation probe in seven districts into alleged misuse of the funds. Above all, any rollback of schemes under the MGNREGA would hurt the BJP’s stated commitment to development.

Bollywoods most tragic love storiesCelebrity
Bollywood’s Most Tragic Love Stories
Love stories don’t always have a happy ending. Happily ever after is not always a reality. The ‘meant-to-be’ or ‘not meant-to-be’ always become a reality of such affairs.
Wed 24 Sep, 2014 12:44 PM IST
Latest Galleries
Prev Next
There are many love stories that started only to end on a tragic note. Here are the many heartbreaks that plagued the Bollywood industry.
There are many love stories that started only to end on a tragic note. Here are the many heartbreaks that plagued the Bollywood industry.
Recommend

Hurriyat welcomes Nawaz Sharif raising Kashmir issue in UNE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vintage Jayalalithaa: a politician of many colours captured in 20 rare photosJ Jayalalithaa has seen many highs and lows in her colourful and illustrious political career spanning three decades. Here is a random collection of twenty rare, vintage photos from her past which capture some of those momentous moments.
14.08.91
AIADMK Leader Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
16.07.91
Jayalalithaa greets Former PM P V Narasimha Rao in New Delhi (HT Photo)
19.05.95
AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa with a child. (HT Photo)
27.03.99
Children welcoming AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa at the evening Tea Party hosted by Vijay Goel in Delhi (Manish Swarup, HT Photo)
27.03.99
AIADMK leader J Jayalalithaa with Sonia Gandhi. (Manish Swarup, HT Photo)
19.04.99
AIADMK Chief Jayalalithaa met with West Bengal CM Jyoti Basu, Subramanian Swamy, was also present at the occasion in the Capital( Pradeep Bhatia, HT Photo)
Undated
Samajwadi Party President Mulayam S Yadav and AIADMK President Jayalalithaa and Amar Singh. HT Photo
08.10.98
AIADMK President Jayalalithaa meeting with former Home Minister L K Advani at North Block in the Capital. (Prakash Singh, HT Photo)
Undated
AIADMK President Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
25.03.89
A weeping Jayalalithaa showing to newsmen the spot on the Head where the DMK Members allegedly hit her in the Tamil Nadu Assembly (PTI)
07.10.97
A Cheerful Jayalalitha arriving at the Special Court complex in Chennai to face proceedings in the multi crore coal import scam (PTI)
17.08.92
AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
Undated
AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
Undated
AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa (HT Photo)
10.10.98
AIADMK Leader Jayalalithaa at the media programme in press club at Delhi, PTI
16.07.91
Jayalalithaa with Pranab Mukherjee, at that time Deputy Chairman of planning commission in New Delhi. (PTI)
Undated
Rajiv Gandhi visiting Jayalalithaa in a hospital who was at that time injured in a road accident. (PTI)
Undated
Jayalalithaa acknowledgeing the supporters who gathered outside her residence, after AIADMK won in the Tamil Nadu assembly election,in Chennai. (Prakash singh HT photo)
 17 July 2010
Janata Dal (United) President Sharad Yadav in a meeting with AIADMK Supremo J Jayalalitha at her residence in Chennai (HT Photo by R S Kumar)
30.01.99

Vadodara tense  mobile data services suspendedComments
The Gujarat government has suspended mobile data and bulk SMS and MMS services in Vadodara till Tuesday following communal unrest over a Facebook post that hurt religious sentiments.
The trouble began on Thursday afternoon and flared-up after namaaz on Friday after which the state home department issued orders to suspend these services to prevent the spread of rumours through Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp and other social media.
“The situation is under control now. The home department issued the order banning mobile internet and bulk SMS and MMS. Broadband service is not touched,” said E. Radhakrishnan, Vadodara’s police commissioner.
State authorities have taken a series of steps including “banning internet use for group messages and stopping sale of pre-paid mobile cards for few days,” said SK Nanda, additional chief secretary (home), who visited Vadodara to take stock of the situation on Saturday.
HT has however found that the suspension of mobile data services may have been done in violation of procedure and probably exists without any legal basis.
According to government regulations, mobile data and SMS services can only be stopped after directions from the Union home ministry, and not by the state government or the district administration.
“No one other than the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) secretary, based on directions from the Union home ministry can ask a network to stop (such services),” said Rajan Mathews, director general, Cellular Operators Association of India. A senior Supreme Court lawyer specializing in telecom also backed what Mathews said.
State authorities wouldn’t confirm whether they approached the Union home ministry prior to issuing the suspension orders.
DoT secretary Rakesh Garg also denied receiving any request regarding the suspension of data and SMS/MMS services. "I have not received any request… but if Section 144 is enforced, it can cover a wide area, including various services (telecom, transport etc)… But this is in rare occasions that threaten law and order.”
HT has found that Section 144 has not been imposed in Vadodara.
The tension in Vadodara’s old city erupted on Thursday when a man identified as Sunil Rajput posted on Facebook a photoshopped image of a Hindu goddess superimposed on an image of the Muslim holy city of Mecca.
The photograph was circulated via social media triggering communal clashes in which over a dozen vehicles and several shops were set on fire.
On Friday, a few people gathered in the sensitive Fatehpura area and started pelting stones. This prompted the police to fire a dozen rounds in the air and lob teargas shells to disperse the crowd.
Vadodara commissioner Radhakrishnan said that the area had returned to normal on Saturday. “All markets and shops were open,” he added.

Ready to talk to Pakistan  but not under terror shadow: Modi at UNPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday hit back at Pakistan, questioning its seriousness in resolving the Kashmir issue by raising it at the United Nations.
  
Prime Minster Narendra Modi (R) speaks with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio during a bilateral meeting at the New York Plaza Hotel ahead of his appearance at the ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people on the streets of New York. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lays a yellow rose on the name of an Indian who died, at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New ...
Snipers keep watch on the roof of the 9/11 Museum during Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils a commemorative wreath at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits 9/11 Memorial exhibition in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, arrives to speak at the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaks during the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows his head after addressing the 69th United Nations General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
“Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries,” Modi said in his first speech at the UN General Assembly.
If Pakistan wants to resolve the problem, the Prime Minister averred, it must “also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment.”
“I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism,” Modi said, reiterating India’s standing position.
Instead of raising these issues at the UN, he said, India and Pakistan should be helping victims of the devastating floods on both sides of the border.
Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had on Friday told the general assembly he was disappointed by India cancelling the foreign secretary-level talks.
Modi was not expected to respond to Sharif’s obvious attempt at India-baiting with a long running political tool, criticism over Kashmir. The MEA spokesperson had said that the Prime Minister’s speech would be forward-looking, leaving Sharif to some official.
But Modi took on Sharif himself, questioning his sincerity in dealing with the dispute that has defined India-Pakistan relations for decades.
In a speech delivered in Hindi — from a prepared text in English — Prime Minister Modi also called for the long-standing reforms of the UN Security Council.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,’ he said.
The Prime Minister began his second day of the US tour, first day of full engagements, with an early morning tour of the 9/11 memorial and the attached museum.
Dressed in his trademark short-sleeve shirt, with a shawl thrown over his shoulder, the prime minister could be seen listening intently to his briefer.
He then changed into a dark bandh-gala suit for his UN engagements, starting with a meeting with secretary general Ban ki Moon, and a tour of the US complex.
Minutes before he was to speak, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, led the India delegation to their desk to the assembly floor, accompanied by NSA Ajit Doval.
The visitors’ gallery was packed, unusually for a Saturday morning, said several UN officials, impressed not only by the strength of the Indian media contingent, but also by Modi fans.
Watch: It is upto Pakistan to create right atmosphere and come forward for bilateral talks: Modi
After touching on all major global challenges — climate change and terrorism, for instance — the Prime Minister raised a long-standing Indian demand for UN SC reform.
India has been pushing for increasing the permanent membership of the Security Council beyond the present five — US, UK, China, Russia and France — without much success.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,” said the prime minister.
He warned that the failure to do so could make these institution irrelevant. “Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st.”
He added, “It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.”
Delivered in Hindi, from English remarks
The Prime Minister delivered his speech in Hindi, from a speech written in English. His speech tracked closely with the text in English, in spirit. But the translator seemed completely off-key, jumping from word to word, without trying to capture the sense of what Modi was saying.
Pitch for Yoga
An avid practitioner of Yoga, the Prime Minister gave it major shoutout in his speech calling it “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”. He said, “Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being.”
G-1, G-4 or G for all?
While making a pitch for a genuinely interaction compact of nations, he said there is a tendency to bunch countries into various groups. “Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?”
Live Blog Modi in America
.
Earlier Modi paid tributes at the memorial, also known as Ground Zero, where the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center(WTC) were destroyed in the unprecedented terror attack on September 11, 2001.
    
Dressed in a spotless white kurta and churidars and a grey shawl thrown on his left shoulder, a sombre looking Modi gently placed rose buds one by one--five in all--on the grey granite memorial slabs where names of the victims were etched, stood for a while and folded his hands.
    
Modi, who was in a reflective mood, also visited the 9/11 museum, that displays artifacts associated with the events of the terror attack while presenting stories of loss and recovery.
    

Buffaloes should lead the make in India chargeprint
Dear humans,
Durga Puja is just around the corner. All of you are rejoicing in the victory of good over evil, in Mother Durga’s triumph over me. I have no quarrel with that. We had a fair fight and she won. She had a lion to help her, but that’s fine. What I’m not ok about is my buffalo. Why do you have to drag the poor thing into it?
Look at what’s happened – in the midst of the festive season, a miasma of gloom hangs over the cattle sheds of this ancient land. Our buffaloes are desperately
unhappy. For Durga slays not just me, but also my buffalo.
Oh, I know all those legends about me being a ferocious half-buffalo, half-demon. Could anything be more ridiculous? Could you find no other animal? Wouldn’t a snake have been the ideal choice for a demon? Nope, because some of you worship them on Nag Panchami. How about my galloping around on a huge hairy rat? No chance, for isn’t the mouse, the rat’s close relative, Lord Ganesha’s mount?
The thought of a buffalo being a demon is terribly silly. Buffaloes have been domesticated in this country for thousands of years – believe me, I know. They are quiet, docile, well-mannered creatures. They are cousins to the cow, whom so many of you worship, but you don’t even respect buffaloes, preferring to sacrifice them instead.
Is that fair? Does the buffalo not give you milk? Milk richer in proteins, fat, calcium and phosphorus than cow’s milk? Buffaloes can plough deeper than oxen and haul huge loads for you humans. They give you ungrateful people loads of dung for fuel. The cow does all that and gets worshipped. The ox is an object of veneration. And what does the buffalo get? India is the largest exporter of buffalo meat.
Saraswati rides the swan, Kartikeya the peacock, Shiva the bull. Guess who gets to ride the buffalo? Yama, the god of death. Do you know what buffaloes across the land are thinking at this very moment? They are all sitting sadly, meditating on this slightly altered piece from Shakespeare’s ‘The Merchant of Venice’: ‘Hath not a Buffalo eyes? Hath not a Buffalo organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions? Fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and cooled by the same winter and summer, as an Ox is? If you prick us, do we not bleed?’ No sir, Buffaloes can expect no justice from you, for your society is rabidly racist. The reason you are all against the buffalo is because he is black. It is, put simply, animal apartheid.
You don’t even make fairness creams for buffaloes.
Buffaloes suffer everywhere. Look what the palefaces did to the bison, a close cousin of the water buffalo. Sometimes you humans take animal names for your nations – the American eagle, the Russian bear, the British lion and the Chinese dragon. Why not the Indian buffalo? You folks make sure every dog has his day, but do you do anything about buffaloes? Frankly, I’m buffaloed by your behaviour.
There is, though, one way you can make amends. Your ‘Make in India’ campaign has a ludicrous lion as its logo. The least you can do is change it to a charging buffalo.
Yours,
Manas Chakravarty is Consulting Editor, Mint
The views expressed by the author are personal

America lobbying to be India s best friend  says Sant ChatwalAmerica lobbying to be India s best friend  says Sant Chatwal
MOM set to hunt for methane on MarsUpdated: September 27, 2014 07:28 IST
MOM set to hunt for methane on Mars
T. S. Subramanian
Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre where scientists are in jubilant mood after the success of Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) operation. Photo: Bhagyaprakash K.
TOPICS
space programme
Spacecraft specialists from the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) are getting ready to uplink the commands and switch on two more scientific payloads on India’s spacecraft to Mars on Saturday, according to V. Kesava Raju, Mission Director, Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM).
The two scientific instruments that will become operational on Saturday are the Methane Sensor for Mars and the Thermal Infrared Imaging Spectrometer. The former will look for signs of methane in the Martian atmosphere, which is an indicator of possible microbial life there, and the latter will map Mars’ surface composition and its mineralogy.
J.D. Rao, general manager of Indian Space Science Data Centre (ISSDC) near Bangalore, said it would be the first to receive data from the five instruments on board the orbiter. Data would be segregated, processed and disseminated to the scientific community. ISSDC would publish the data on its website, Mr. Rao added.
On Sunday, another instrument, called Lyman Alpha Photometer, aboard the orbiter would be switched on, Dr. Kesava Raju said. The photometer will study the escape processes of deuterium and hydrogen in the Martian atmosphere.

Pelé of fixed income jumps to a new team© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/edc20586-459d-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Headquarter shifts and negative portents© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69b423c0-3f47-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Violence  arson in Tamil Nadu following Jayalalithaa convictionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Union Cabinet meets sans Narendra Modi  recommends President s Rule in MaharashtraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In the Kashmir issue we stand by PM Modi  says Salman KhurshidIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Areas of resources like sea are becoming issues of conflict: PM Modi12
0
United Nations: In an apparent reference to the dispute in the South China Sea, which is witnessing increasing flexing of muscles by China, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said that important areas of resources like sea are becoming issues of conflict.
"Today, the seas, space and cyber space which are common resources of prosperity have also become a new theatre of conflicts. The sea which used to bind us now from the same sea we are getting reports of conflicts. The space which used be an opportunity for our achievements. The cyber which used to connect us. Today, these important areas are appeared to be emerging as new areas of conflicts," Modi said in his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly.
The Prime Minister's remarks assume significance in the backdrop of dispute in natural resource-rich South China Sea, which is witnessing territorial disputes between China, the Philippines and Vietnam among others. India has always pitched for the freedom of navigation in the high seas.
Modi's remarks assume significance in the backdrop of dispute in natural resource-rich South China Sea, which is witnessing territorial disputes between China, Philippines and Vietnam.

Asian Development Bk sells 3.9 crore shares of Petronet LNGAsian Development Bk sells 3.9 crore shares of Petronet LNG
Shubhashis Gangopadhyay: The rule of law  and of pricesShubhashis Gangopadhyay: The rule of law  and of prices
Gold  Silver & Bullion : Gold futures edge lower on U.S. DataGold  Silver & Bullion : Gold futures edge lower on U.S. Data
Modi in US: US city of Columbus marks Modi s visitModi in US: US city of Columbus marks Modi s visit
vAt rock concert  Narendra Modi calls for world peace; evokes youth powerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fox News Hosts Crack Sexist Jokes About Female Pilot Leading Attack On ISISPrevious Story
Next Story
Fox 'The Five' Co-Hosts Greg Gutfeld And Eric Bolling Crack Sexist Jokes About Maj. Mariam Al Mansouri
reddit
Maj. Mariam Al Mansouri flew through the glass ceiling when she became the first female pilot in the United Arab Emirates' Air Force. On Monday night, she was reportedly a team leader in the airstrikes against ISIS in Syria . But a segment celebrating her feat on Fox News Channel's "The Five" quickly devolved into sexist jokes.
"Hey ISIS, you were bombed by a woman," co-host Kimberly Guilfoyle said, starting the segment off on a positive note. "Oh yeah, hell came down on ISIS in Syria because -- guess what -- the first female pilot, piloting for the UAE, leading the strikes. Dropped the bombs on ISIS on Monday night."
This is Maj. Mariam Al Mansouri from the UAE. She flies an F-16 & is taking part in the operation against ISIS. pic.twitter.com/5PYlg2to3y
— CBS Evening News (@CBSEveningNews) September 24, 2014
"I'll take a woman doing this any day to them," Guilfoyle added. "I hope that hurt extra bad because in some Arab countries, women can't even drive."
"After she bombed it, she couldn’t park it," Greg Gutfeld quickly cracked.
"Would that be considered boobs on the ground or no?" Eric Bolling asked.
While the two men laughed, Guilfoyle put her head into her hand and said, "Why did they ruin my thing?"

Pel of fixed income jumps to a new team© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/edc20586-459d-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Six banks in UK talks over forex finesLast updated: September 26, 2014 6:51 pm
Six banks in UK talks over forex manipulation fines
By Caroline Binham, Sam Fleming and Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f60230a-4562-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why  Make in India  is an anachronismWhy  Make in India  is an anachronism
Chinese would not make big concessions to win Indias friendshipE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Timeline: Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa convicted in disproportionate assets case40
0
Bangalore: Following is the course the disproportionate assets case against Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has traversed, seeing legal and political twists
and turns in the last 18 years after the DMK government decided to form Special Court on coming to power in 1996.
1996: Dr Subramanian Swamy, then a leader of Janata Party, files a case against Jayalalithaa alleging that during her tenure as Chief Minister from 1991 to 1996, she amassed properties worth Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate to her known sources of income.
Jayalalithaa, also known as Amma (mother) by her party cadres, is disqualified as a member of Tamil Nadu assembly.
#jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #da case #convicted
December 7, 1996: Jayalalitha arrested. Many allegations follow, including accumulation of disproportionate assets.
1997. A prosecution launched in Additional Sessions Court in Chennai against Jayalalithaa and three others for having assets "disproportionate" to their known income.
June 4, 1997: Chargesheeted for offences under Sections 120-B IPC, 13(2) read with 13(1)(e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
October 1, 1997: Madras High Court dismisses three petitions by Jayalalitha including one challenging sanction granted by then Governor M Fathima Beevi for prosecuting her in the wealth case.
Trial progresses. By august 2000, 250 prosecution witnesses examined, only 10 more remained.
In the 2001 May Assembly elections, AIADMK secures absolute majority and Jayalalitha becomes Chief Minister. Her appointment is challenged due to her conviction in October, 2000 in the TANSI (Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation) case. SC nullifies the appointment.
September 21, 2001, Jayalalithaa ceases to be Chief Minister. After her conviction is set aside, Jayalalithaa is elected to the Assembly in a bypoll from Andipatti constituency on February 21, 2002, and again sworn in as Chief Minister. Three public prosecutors resign as also senior counsel. Several prosecution witnesses resile from their earlier depositions after AIADMK returned to power.
2003: DMK general secretary K Anbazhagan approaches Supreme Court for transferring the trial to Karnataka on the ground that a fair trial was not possible in Tamil Nadu with Jayalalithaa as the Chief Minister.
On November 18, 2003, the Supreme Court transferred the case to Bangalore.
February 19, 2005: Karnataka Government appoints BV Acharya, a former advocate general, as Special Public Prosecutor (SPP) to conduct the prosecution.
In October/November 2011, Jayalalithaa deposes in the Special Court and answers 1,339 questions.
August 12, 2012: Acharya expresses his inability to continue as SPP. Karnataka government accepts his resignation in January, 2013 and discharges him from the case.
February 2, 2013: Karnataka government appoints G Bhavani Singh as SPP.
August 26, 2013: Karnataka government issues a  notification withdrawing the appointment of Bhavani Singh as SPP without assigning any reason and without consulting the Chief Justice of Karnataka High Court.
September 30,2013: Supreme Court quashes the notification withdrawing appointment of Bhavani Singh as SPP.
December 12, 2013: Special Court allows a plea by DMK general secretary K Anbazhagan and directs physical production of valuables and other assets seized from Jayalalithaa in 1997 and deposited in an RBI treasury in Chennai.
February 28, 2014: Special Court dismisses plea by SPP seeking a direction to produce before it the seized silver articles belonging to her. Judge says the SPP had filed it only with the purpose of delaying the proceedings.
March 14/15, 2014: Special Court imposes a cost of one-day salary on SPP Bhavani Singh for not resuming the final arguments citing ill-health.
March 18, 2014: Singh moves Karnataka High Court challenging the special court order imposing cost.
March 21, 2014: HC rejects his petition saying the order of the special court imposing cost was right.
August 28, 2014: Special Court reserves judgement for September 20 and directs all the four accused, including Jayalalithaa, to appear before it on that date.
September 16, 2014: Special Court defers by a week to September 27 pronouncement of its verdict.
September 27, 2014: Special Court convicts Jayalalithaa.
39

Why ISRO s space programme still hasn t taken offIndia reaches Red Planet, but at home red tape binds space firms
By By Aditya Kalra | Reuters –  Fri 26 Sep, 2014
Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) scientists and engineers watch Prime Minister …
By Aditya Kalra
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - As India celebrated becoming the first Asian nation to reach Mars, S.M. Vaidya, head of business at conglomerate Godrej's aerospace division that made the spacecraft's engine and thruster components, sounded surprisingly downbeat.
The mission was, indeed, a major achievement, he said, and one of which the state-run Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) should be proud.
But a single trip to Mars was not enough to sustain a promising yet relatively small industry, he added, and ISRO should be doing more to foster it.
"Unless they fly more, they will not buy more from us," Vaidya told Reuters, shortly after news broke on Wednesday that Mangalyaan, Hindi for "Mars craft", had entered into orbit around the Red Planet about 10 months after launching.
"How many Mars missions are you going to have?"
India's successful mission, completed on a shoestring budget of $74 million, has boosted its prestige in the global space race and, back on Earth, raised the profile of Indian companies involved in the project.
But Godrej and some other firms are frustrated at what they say is the slow execution of projects and lack of government support, which are hampering India's efforts to compete with China and Russia as a cheaper option for launching satellites.
ISRO did not reply to questions for this article.
The Mangalyaan was built in 15 months with two-thirds of its parts manufactured by domestic firms such as Godrej & Boyce and India's largest engineering company, Larsen & Toubro .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said he wants to expand India's 50-year-old space programme. The government has increased funding for space research by 50 percent to almost $1 billion this financial year.
But the programme is still small, and the small number of launches limits the growth potential of private companies that supply them.
Between 2007 and 2012, ISRO accomplished about half of its planned 60 missions, government data showed. The government cited "development complexity" as the reason for the delay in some missions.
Between 2012 and 2017 the target is 58 missions. The agency has completed 17 missions so far, and ISRO did not say why the number remained low.
Some company executives and experts do not see that changing any time soon, with the absence of heavy rocket launchers, too few launch facilities and bureaucratic delays hampering growth.
MARS MEANS MORE FOR SOME
Larsen & Toubro, which manufactured motor casings and the antenna for India's Mars probe, is more positive about working with the ISRO, saying it has opened doors to other commercial opportunities.
Space projects have helped enhance its expertise in other sectors such as defence and aerospace, including missile technology and welding, said M. V. Kotwal, president of L&T's heavy engineering division.
"Volumes of business (from ISRO) have been relatively small, of the order of $40 million over the last five years, but the technological fallout in terms of high-precision manufacture has been considerable," Kotwal told Reuters.
L&T has been working with ISRO for over four decades and between 1-5 percent of its heavy engineering division's revenues come from ISRO.
Godrej wanted to explore opportunities with U.S. and European space programmes after its success in India, but Vaidya said government-to-government clearances posed a hurdle.
"We don't want to be only dependent on ISRO," he said.
Now Godrej plans to shift focus from space technology to the aviation export industry, catering to the likes of Boeing Co  and Airbus and trimming ISRO's contribution to their aerospace business to 40 percent from 70 percent currently.
HANDFUL OF LAUNCHES
India's space programme began in the early 1960s and the country has launched 30 Indian and 40 foreign satellites.
The programme developed mainly after Western powers imposed sanctions following India's first nuclear weapons test in 1974.
Still, it remains a small player in a global space industry estimated to be worth more than $300 billion a year.
India performs only a handful of launches annually, compared with 20 or more carried out by the United States, Russia and China, according to the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (IDSA), a defence ministry think-tank.
ISRO has struggled to develop heavier launchers to put larger payloads into space, which could attract more business from foreign nations and help it compete.
Progress slowed in the 1990s when, under U.S. pressure, Russia refused to transfer cryogenic engine technology to India that could have helped develop a heavier capacity Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV).
After spending over a decade developing the complex engine, India successfully launched its first GSLV powered with an indigenous cryogenic engine earlier this year.
"They have to make that (GSLV) reliable ... we need three or four launches to claim it is efficient," said Mayank Vahia, a scientist at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
Vahia recommended that ISRO allowed private companies more freedom to develop space technologies, saying the organisation was excessively conservative.
"ISRO needs to put more faith in the industry to deliver the kind of technology they want," he said.
ISRO said last year it planned to bring in the private sector to produce Polar Satellite Launch Vehicles (PSLVs) within five years, allowing it to focus on research.
Ajay Lele of the IDSA said the privatisation of programmes with a proven track record, such as the PSLV, should have started sooner.
Space startups also complained about the lack of state support.
Susmita Mohanty, head of Earth2Orbit (E2O), said India lacked the kind of support given in the United States, such as NASA's Small Business Innovation Research programme which offers funds for research and development of technologies that fulfil its needs.
"With the new pro-business government in Delhi, we are hopeful that we can put the spotlight on 'space commerce', not just 'space diplomacy'," she told Reuters via email.
(Editing by Mike Collett-White and Frank Jack Daniel)
Recommend

No one nation can dictate the world  says Modi: LiveUpdated: September 27, 2014 20:58 IST
No one nation can dictate the world, says Modi: Live
Tweet
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters in New York on Saturday.
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves to the public after paying tribute at Ground Zero, the 9/11 memorial, in New York, USA on Saturday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the UN General Assembly meeting.
20.52: The Prime Minister Narendra Modi concluded his speech with 'Namaste.'
We'll turn 70 next year.do we wait till we turn 80? Next year can be an opportunity for UN;we've forgotten about reforms :PM modi @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 27, 2014
20:51: Let us reform United Nations Security Council by 2015, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Let us fulfill promise to reform the UN Security Council by 2015 - PM @narendramodi pic.twitter.com/kT3aGeRbpH
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 27, 2014
20.49: Accommodate all concerns in trade deals, the Prime Minister says
20.47: The Prime Minister is talking about the importance of Yoga at the UN General Assembly.
The Prime Minister is talking about the importance of Yoga at the @UN General Assembly.
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 27, 2014
20.46: India wants to cooperate and work with the world on renewable energy: Modi
20.45: Basic sanitation is not available to millions of people. Nor is electricity and drinking water: PM
India wants to cooperate and work with the world on renewable energy: @PMOIndia
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 27, 2014
20.44: Terrorism is taking new shape and new name. No country, big or small, in the north or the south, east or west, is free from its threat: PM
20.44: Raising issues in UN is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries: Modi.
Basic sanitation is not available to millions of people. Nor is electricity and drinking water: PM @narendramodi at the @UN @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 27, 2014
20.41: No terror act should hamper Indo-Pak talks, Mr. Modi said
20.40: No one nation can dictate the world, says Narendra Modi in his speech. We'll turn 70 next year.do we wait till we turn 80? Next year can be an opportunity for UN;we've forgotten about reforms : PM
20:39: Need a comprehensive convention on international terrorism says Mr. Modi; includes outer space and cyberspace in his speech
Need a comprehensive convention on international terrorism says @PMOIndia : includes outer space and cyberspace in his speech ref
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 27, 2014
20.38: Why is it that despite having a wonderful platform like UN we have had to have various G platforms: Mr. Modi
20.38 We need united effort to fight terrorism, says Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Why is it that despite having a wonderful platform like UN we have had to have various G platforms: PM @narendramodi at @UN @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 27, 2014
20.36: No one country can run the world.. pitch for UN, multilateralism, said Mr. Modi
20.35: Let us work for peace, says Mr. Modi at the UNGA meeting
20.34: Why so many G-8 groups other than UN and why don't move to G-all, said Mr. Modi
No one country can run the world.. @PMOIndia pitch for UN, multilateralism pic.twitter.com/hnORDfCBYP
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 27, 2014
20.33: India In very important spheres we are seeing new tensions, says Mr. Modi
20.32 Not sure about raising Kashmir issue at UN will yield fruitful results We believe in multilateralism, says Mr. Modi.
20.31 Many countries harbouring terrorists, says Narendra Modi in his first address at UNGA. Today some countries are differentiating between good terrorism and bad terrorism..all countries must be included in the fight
We have to give full strength to UN Peacekeeping: PM @narendramodi at @UN
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 27, 2014
20.30 Tunishia's success is people's push for peace and democracy, says Narendra Modi
20:28: Today we are focussed on helping flood victims in Kashmir, not just in India but Pakistan as well.And our duty first to eradicate poverty
20.27: Pakistan must create atmosphere for talks, says Narendra Modi
20.26: Wave of democracy in Asia and Africa, says Mr. Modi
Am prepared to engage in serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism- @narendramodi
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 27, 2014
20.14: India for global justice and prosperity, says Narendra Modi in his UNGA address
20:22: Mr. Modi started with "Great honour to address you all"
Giving examples of Nepal, Bhutan, Afghanistan and other nations, Prime Minister @narendramodi is talking about the importance of democracy.
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 27, 2014
20.21: India sees world as a family.
20:20 India going through economic, social change, says Mr. Modi in his address
20:19: Aware of the expectations of the Indian citizens, says Narendra Modi
India has always stood for Justice, Dignity, Opportunity and Prosperity: PM Modi @the_hindu #ModiAtUN #UNGAmeeting
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 27, 2014
20:17: Narendra Modi begins his speech
20:16: Prime Minister Narendra Modi being invited to deliver his speech the UN General Assembly
India is a country with a deep philosophy and ideology: @PMOIndia on Vasudev Kutumbakam, justice, ties with nature pic.twitter.com/pEWWRGwFpZ
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 27, 2014
20:14: Modi implied that the UN was not the appropriate forum to raise the Kashmir issue as it was a bilateral matter.
20.08: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has reached the UN General Assembly with External Affairs Minister SushmaSwaraj. The address will begin shortly
20.03: Mr. Modi also raised the issue of combating terrorism in his interaction with the UN chief.
@MEAIndia SushmaSwaraj ,NSA Doval & FS Sujata Singh at India desk at UNGA waiting for speech by PM Modi pic.twitter.com/9IflbAwunY @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) September 27, 2014
20.01: Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon at the UN headquarters. Narendra Modi referred to Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s remarks on Kashmir in the meeting with the UN SecretaryGeneral.
19:56: On 26th September 2014, Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif addressed the United Nations General Assembly. The following is the message:
— PIB India (@PIB_India) September 27, 2014
In a speech that is bound to raise a strong reaction from India, Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif spoke at length about the Kashmir issue during his address to the United Nations General Assembly.
Calling on the U.N. to implement a “plebiscite” on Kashmir, Mr. Sharif said Pakistan could not “draw away” from the Kashmir dispute until it was resolved. He referred to what he called “the suffering of people, especially women” in the State.
Mr. Sharif’s remarks mirror statements made by Pakistan more than a decade ago, and leaves little ambiguity that the talks process between India and Pakistan is stalled for the moment.
In a brief interaction with The Hindu shortly after his speech, Mr. Sharif denied that he had taken a tougher position on Kashmir than in the past. He had no knowledge of whether there would be direct talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the near future or at the SAARC Summit in Kathmandu.
PM @narendramodi at the exhibition inside 9/11 Memorial Museum in New York #PMUSvisit pic.twitter.com/UpdcDuLV3N

Modi supporters  Kashmiri groups exchange barbs outside UN headquartersOct 01, 2014 at  04:06pm IST
Modi supporters, Kashmiri groups exchange barbs outside UN headquarters
38
0
United Nations: Supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and representatives of some Kashmiri separatist groups were on Saturday involved in a war of words outside the UN headquarters.
As Modi arrived for his first address to the UN General Assembly, a large number of Indian-Americans gathered outside the UN headquarters to welcome him.
The crowd, comprising almost equal number of men and women, carried placards with messages like 'New York loves Modi', 'America loves Modi' and chanted 'Modi Modi' slogans.
The groups also lambasted Modi for the 2002 Gujarat riots.
#india #narendra modi #us #unga
But soon representatives of some Kashmiri separatist groups shouting anti-India slogans arrived at the scene carrying banners.
Protesters belonging to seven groups, including All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference, Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front and All Parties Hurriyat Conference, handed out flyers to the media of a letter addressed to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
"The people of Kashmiri origin settled in the US have come to your door today to voice their outrage over the honour extended by the UN to Narendra Modi," the letter said.
The groups also lambasted Modi for the 2002 Gujarat riots and even raised the issue of cancellation of Foreign Secretary-level talks between India and Pakistan.
India and Pakistan have been involved in a war of words after New Delhi cancelled the Foreign Secretary-level meeting last month after Pakistan's envoy in India met Kashmiri separatists ahead of the talks.
"Modi abruptly called off the peace talks with Pakistan throwing the region into turmoil," the letter by the groups said.
The groups sought the intervention of Ban to end the current stalemate in the sub-continent.
"You have the responsibility to secure for the Kashmiri people their inalienable right to self-determination as mandated by the Security Council resolution," the letter said.
What started as a support rally for Modi soon turned into a war of words between his supporters and representatives of some Kashmiri separatist groups as they shouted slogans against each other.
The representatives of the Kashmiri separatist groups shouted anti-India slogans. Police barricaded the two groups and stood between them to avoid a clash. Both the groups were standing opposite to each other.
The representatives of the Kashmiri separatist groups, included women and children. They carried placards that read, "Justice for Kashmiris" and "We want freedom of Kashmir."
Heavy police deployment and barricading was seen at the UN Building.

Why G-5  G-20 and so on asks PM Narendra Modi  Let s have G-AllE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years jail in corruption case; clashes in Tamil NaduTamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa was sentenced to four years in jail and slapped with Rs. 100 crore fine after being found guilty of corruption by a special court in Bangalore on Saturday.
  
Play Pause
Supporters of AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa cry in Chennai after a Bangalore special court convicted her in a disproportionate assets case. (PTI Photo)
Members of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore on Saturday over conviction of the party supremo and Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa by a Bengalore court in a disproportionate assests ...
Members of AIADMK stomp on a poster of DMK chief K Karunanidhi during a protest following a Bangalore special court pronouncing Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa guilty in a ...
Members of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore over conviction of the party supremo Jayalalithaa by a Bangalore court in a disproportionate assests case. (PTI Photo)
CM Jayalalithaa is seen through the mirror of a car as she comes out of her house in Chennai to appear before a Bangalore court for the verdict. (AP Photo)
Supporters of AIADMK burn the effigy of DMK chief M Karunanidhi after a Bangalore special court pronounced J Jayalalithaa guilty in a disproportionate assets case, in Chennai. (PTI Photo)
Security men push away supporters of J Jayalalithaa while she proceeds to the special court in Bangalore. (PTI photo)
The ruling in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case dealt a blow to the 66-year-old AIADMK chief, disqualifying her as CM and effectively putting her out of the electoral arena for 10 years.
 
According to provisions of the Representation of the People Act, a convicted person cannot contest elections for six years beginning from the date of completion of sentence.
 
There could, however, still be hope for Jayalalithaa because there is an escape route. The Supreme Court has said a convicted person can contest an election if his/her conviction and sentence — both are stayed by a superior court.
Read: AIADMK govt safe, but Amma staring at 10-year exile
 
Special judge John Michael D'Cunha’s verdict earned Jayalalithaa the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting CM to be held guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
After the sentencing, Jayalalithaa — ‘Amma’ to her supporters — was sent to Parappana Agrahara jail in the city but was shifted to a hospital inside the prison premises after complaining of chest pain.
She will spend the night in a special cell in the women’s wing with special guards posted round the clock, an IANS report said. Supper was “ragi (malt) ball, plain rice, sambar and curd rice with pickle as per the jail manual”, it quoted a prison official as saying.
 
Jayalalithaa now has to approach Karnataka high court for bail and appeal against the conviction as the prospect of political survival — also of the AIADMK — arises in the run-up to the Tamil Nadu assembly elections due in 2016.
 
The verdict against 'Amma' (Mother, as Jayalalithaa is addressed by supporters) crushed AIADMK hopes of her emerging unscathed like she had from many legal wrangles in the past.
 
One school of thought in the AIADMK is that state minister O Panneerselvam could be asked to act as chief minister again. In September 2001, when the Supreme Court had set aside Jayalalithaa's appointment, she had installed Panneerselvam.
 
Read: One wedding and four convictions, the unravelling of Jayalalithaa
 
The court also convicted Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala Natarajan, her niece Ilavarasi and her nephew and the chief minister's disowned foster son Sudhakaran in the case.
 
They accused were found guilty of acquiring Rs. 66.65 crore worth of assets by corrupt means between 1991 and 1996 — during Jayalalithaa’s first tenure as CM.
 
Sasikala, Ilavarasi and Sudhakaran were sentenced to four years in jail. Special public prosecutor Bhavani Singh said a fine of Rs. 10 crore had been imposed on the three convicts.
 
The Supreme Court had transferred the case to the special court in 2003 on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial in Tamil Nadu.
 
The DMK had filed the case in 1996 on the complaints of Anbazhagan and BJP leader (then Janata Party chief) Subramanian Swamy.
 
Tamil Nadu on edge
 
The ruling, cheered on by rival DMK, led to clashes in Chennai and elsewhere in the state.
 
Tension gripped Tamil Nadu and bordering areas with Karnataka, forcing authorities to increase police presence.
 
In February 2000, three students from the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University were burnt alive after AIADMK functionaries set ablaze a bus following Jayalalithaa’s conviction in another case.
 
Kerala too beefed up security and sounded alert on the borders with Tamil Nadu.
 
In Chennai and Madurai, AIADMK protesters burnt effigies of DMK president M Karunanidhi, his sons MK Stalin and MK Alagiri and tore party posters.
 
Supporters of the two parties also clashed in some places. A state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and some 20 buses damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district, the police said.

SpiceJet vs AirAsia: Twitter warE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Now  a tennis extravaganza IPL-styleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Samsung launches 4G smartphone for Rs 39 990E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Clinton baby picturesBy Christian Davenport September 27 Follow @_chrisdavenport
The baby photos are in!
A day after Chelsea Clinton gave birth to a baby girl , the Clintons tweeted out photos of the little bundle Saturday afternoon.
“At 7:03 PM on September 26th, we finally met Charlotte,” Chelsea Clinton tweeted . “We’re in love.”
She included a photo of her cradling the baby, who is swaddled in a blanket and wearing a pink hat, while her husband Marc Mezvinsky stands nearby.
Hillary Clinton tweeted a photo of her holding the baby, with her husband Bill Clinton beaming at her side.
Hillary and Bill Clinton with their granddaughter, newborn baby girl Charlotte Clinton Mezvinsky. (Jon Davidson/Office of President Clinton)
“@BillClinton and I are over the moon to be grandparents!,” she tweeted. “One of the happiest moments of our life.”
Hillary and Bill Clinton with their granddaughter, newborn baby girl Charlotte Clinton Mezvinsky. (Jon Davidson/Office of President Clinton)
Bill Clinton directed his tweet to his granddaughter: “Charlotte, your grandmother @HillaryClinton and I couldn’t be happier!”
Christian Davenport covers federal contracting for The Post's Financial desk. He joined The Post in 2000 and has served as an editor on the Metro desk and as a reporter covering military affairs. He is the author of "As You Were: To War and Back with the Black Hawk Battalion of the Virginia National Guard."

Uddhav accuses BJP of  betrayal   appeals voters to get a Sena CMComments
While Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Saturday trained his guns on the BJP for the split in the 25-year-old saffron alliance, the latter chose not to engage in mud-slinging, but instead use its trump card — PM Narendra Modi — in the October 15 Assembly elections.
Speaking for the first time after the split, Uddhav launched the Sena’s poll campaign, saying the BJP ‘betrayed’ them.
Advertisement
“Today, you have broken the alliance politically, but what you have damaged is the common thread of Hindutva. No Hindu will forgive you for this… Shiv Sainiks will show you who Maharashtra belongs to,” said the Sena president, while addressing his supporters at the Mahalaxmi Race Course.
Uddhav added that the BJP was making unreasonable demands and even asking for seats that the Sena had for many years. He did not criticise Modi, but taunted BJP over the Lok Sabha polls. “Maharashtra voted strongly for Modi, but what did the Sena get in return? Betrayal?” he said.
Read: Shiv Sena and BJP: How they married and divorced
Meanwhile, BJP president Amit Shah held a closed-door meeting with the party’s state leaders, to finalise their strategy, with the polls now being a five-cornered battle.
Realising that the Sena could garner sympathy, if it accused the BJP of betrayal, Shah and state leaders decided not to counter the former’s charges on public platforms. Sources said Shah and state leaders carefully followed Uddhav’s speech.
The BJP has planned to rely heavily on Modi, to tame the Sena, which after Uddhav’s speech on Saturday, has emerged the main challenger. Other than Congress and NCP, the BJP’s major thrust will be on eating into the Sena’s votes.
Sources said Shah has assured the state BJP unit at least 15 rallies of Modi across the state. The details will be charted out after the PM returns from the US on September 30.
Replying to allegations levelled by BJP leaders that the alliance broke due to his chief ministerial ambitions, Uddhav said: “Yes, I want to get a Shiv Sena chief minister if people want it to happen. What is wrong in that? Didn’t BJP want the same?”
Significantly, Uddhav avoided making any controversial statements and also did not make any mention of the speculations about a Sena-MNS tie-up. He did, however, invoke the issue of “Marathi pride”, but did not target the Gujarati community to corner the BJP.

US expert hopes to see commitment from ModiYou are here: Home > Collections
PM's US visit: US expert hopes to see commitment from Narendra Modi
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 06.02AM IST
("As the Modi administration…)
NEW YORK: Underscoring the need to strengthen India's IP policy for creating a conducive environment for foreign investors, a US expert has expressed hope to see a principled commitment by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to amend country's patent laws to boost economic growth and global competitiveness.
"We hope that Prime Minister Modi's visit to the US will give industry a chance to engage in a substantive dialogue about intellectual property protections, which will be key to achieving Modi's previously stated goals of attracting greater foreign direct investment and strengthening the Indian economy," said Patrick Kilbride, Executive Director, International Intellectual Property at the US Chamber of Commerce's Global Intellectual Property Centre (GIPC).
Outlining the expectations of GIPC and the US business community from Modi's visit to the US, Kilbride said that the business community will be looking for a signal from the Prime Minister that India is clearly moving in the direction of intellectual property protections.
"As the Modi administration seeks to attract greater foreign direct investment (FDI) in India, the Prime Minister must pursue policies which create a hospitable environment for foreign investors.
"Strengthening India's IP system will be key to creating such an environment, and we hope to see a principled commitment by the Prime Minister to amend India's IP laws in order to further the country's economic growth and global competitiveness," he said.
Noting that real change can come about through a clear recognition of Indian self-interest, Kilbride said GIPC looks forward to working with both the US and Indian governments to support a bilateral dialogue that can help make those interests apparent.
Kilbride added that a substantive discussion about IP would include a conversation about the need for modifications to India's patentability requirements, a refutation of compulsory licensing as a commercial tool and a principled commitment to the legal rights of patent, copyright and trademark holders.
"A formal agreement to re-launch the bilateral Trade Policy Forum would be an important step," he said on his expectations of what should be discussed bilaterally on the intellectual property rights front.
On the Out-of-Cycle Review of India's IPR policy, Kilbride said there is no reason to expect that the OCR will be delayed. He hoped that the review would be an opportunity for both governments to explore areas for forward-looking collaboration with a specific focus on intellectual property.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indias  missing teachersComments
Mid-afternoon is not the best time to visit the Molarbund Government Boys Senior Secondary School in South Delhi’s Badarpur. More students are outside the classrooms than inside, and the few inside complain of fans that don’t work, desks that are broken and teachers who haven’t showed up. School toilets stink from a distance because the two workers assigned for cleaning up are “heart patients who are mostly absent”. Drinking water is available only inside the staff room, but students are not allowed to drink that because the teachers pay for the water.
And the teachers who work here haven’t even begun to speak of their issues.
“See, we don’t even have enough rooms to take classes. So we have to take them in the corridors. The school has over a 100 students in many classes, and we are just 120 teachers for the 7,000 students. Plus, the guest teachers haven’t joined yet,” complains a senior teacher who didn’t want to be named.
Missing in action
Across the country, government schools are facing, among other issues, a severe shortage of teachers. India is short of 12 lakh teachers and 5.23 lakh posts are vacant, former Human Resource Development (HRD) Minister Kapil Sibal told the Rajya Sabha in 2010.
Shortage of teachers becomes a matter of serious concern when one considers the requirement of one teacher for every 30 students,  according to the Right to Education Act, 2009. But in schools such as the one in Badarpur, teachers show proof of classes with 117 students and more, at least on paper. The number of single-teacher schools in the country also reveal a severe shortage: 11 per cent of our primary schools have a single teacher, with a few states worse than others, as shown in the graphic on the right.
However, the same data can throw up comforting facts also — average teacher student ratio in primary schools in India is 1:26. But many would argue that this is a “false indicator” since student-teacher ratio is not specific to a school. Besides, the calculations also take into account those who are not in charge of a class, such as the headmaster, the art teacher and the physical education teacher, says Krishna Kumar, professor of education at Faculty of Education, Delhi University, and former director, NCERT.
Kumar insists that the shortage of teachers in India is not because of lack of qualified professionals, but because of the government’s reluctance to fill up permanent posts and hire cheaper staff on contract instead. “The trend of downsizing permanent staff began in the 1990s when the economic reforms were in full swing in the country. States started doing that to manage their fiscal crisis. Today, there are 20,000 contractual teachers in Delhi alone,” he says. According to CP Singh, president of the Delhi Government School Teachers’ Association, schools in the capital are waiting for 18,000 teachers for the last three years, and recently, 6,000 guest teachers have been hired to make up for the deficit.
Singh begins to talk of his association’s agitation for better working conditions for permanent teachers such as himself —  addressing anomalies in salaries, changing transfer policies and removing the condition of taking  remedial classes. However, even those such as Singh and teachers at the Badarpur school admit that their “guest” counterparts are worse off: they are hired for a year, paid by the day, and are also less accountable to the system. “Besides, by the time they get to understand the needs of their students in a year, it’s time for them to leave, and fresh staff to arrive,” says another teacher at the Badarpur school. While salary for the contract teacher is variable across states, in Delhi, they are paid Rs. 700 per day (a Trained Graduate Teacher could get up to Rs. 50,000), forcing them to take up other jobs to supplement their incomes. “If the government is able to hire people at less than half the price, then why will it hire permanent staff?” fumes Madan Mohan Tiwari, who teaches at a government school in Mehrauli.
Others feel that teacher shortages can also be traced to faulty recruitment policies: teachers are hired by the state boards, and assigned to schools, from where they can get themselves transferred as well. “If a teacher is appointed directly to a school, and not to the system, they will be more accountable to the school and its students,” says R Govinda, Vice Chancellor, National University of Educational Planning and Administration. 
Many such as Govinda feel that the lack of qualified teachers is also a big part of the problem — only 15 per cent of the candidates  managed to clear the Teachers Eligibility Test, an essential criterion for teacher recruitment started in 2011, he says. At least 14 states have sought exemption from the TET, adds Poonam Batra, professor, Central Institute of Education, Delhi University. The lack of a qualified teacher cadre in the country is a result of the low quality education that is dished out in numerous private institutes offering BEd degrees. A majority of them fall outside the ambit of established norms for teacher education. “More than 90 per cent of teacher training institutes fall in the commercial, self-financed category. Even the distribution is uneven. For instance, states such as Mizoram have just one teacher training institute, while those in the south have a higher number,” says Govinda.
The spurt in the growth of these institutes has been rather phenomenal — from less than 2,000, to 14,704 in the year 2011, according to the HRD ministry. Sitting at her office inside the Faculty of Education in Delhi, Batra paints a gloomier picture —  out of all these “teacher training shops”, only 10 per cent are worth it. The steep fall in the standards of teacher education finds prominent mention in a comprehensive report published in 2012 by the Supreme Court appointed commission on teacher education, of which both Batra and Govinda were among the members. Advocate Ashok Agarwal of the Delhi High Court, who works on litigation around education, agrees that a big part of the problem is the quality of entrants to the profession: “I know of a teacher who held a degree from a college in a remote location that even she was unaware of!” he says.
Training the trainers
Besides recommending an increase in state investment in teacher training, the report also stresses other reforms in the sector, including an increase in the duration of BEd and MEd degrees — from the present one-year format to two years — and modifications in their course content. The former suggestion was among the few that seemingly got a shot in the arm last week, when news reports suggested that at a meeting with a group of Vice Chancellors of several universities, the HRD Minister, Smriti Irani, had agreed to increase the duration of the two courses. Reportedly, Irani also agreed to push for other reforms such as linking elementary teachers’ training to the university system. Currently, elementary teachers’ training is not linked to the university system, and teacher education happens outside university campuses.
To fix this, Batra points to the report’s suggestions of introducing four-year integrated programmes within the university system (at the undergraduate level) across the country, as well as shifting the course content to a multi-disciplinary one. An inter-disciplinary course within the university campus would train teachers in critical thinking, and involve teacher-educators who are specialists and not generalists, as is the current norm.
As the government mulls on the implementation of these reforms, time is running out. By 2015, India is committed to the goal of providing universal elementary education as part of the Millenium Development Goals, which can only be accomplished effectively by fixing teacher shortages. And Badarpur wouldn’t be a bad place to begin with.

Ready for dialogue with Pak  but not under terror shadow: Modi at UNPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday hit back at Pakistan, questioning its seriousness in resolving the Kashmir issue by raising it at the United Nations.
  
Prime Minster Narendra Modi (R) speaks with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio during a bilateral meeting at the New York Plaza Hotel ahead of his appearance at the ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people on the streets of New York. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lays a yellow rose on the name of an Indian who died, at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New ...
Snipers keep watch on the roof of the 9/11 Museum during Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils a commemorative wreath at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits 9/11 Memorial exhibition in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, arrives to speak at the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaks during the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows his head after addressing the 69th United Nations General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
“Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries,” Modi said in his first speech at the UN General Assembly.
If Pakistan wants to resolve the problem, the Prime Minister averred, it must “also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment.”
“I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism,” Modi said, reiterating India’s standing position.
Instead of raising these issues at the UN, he said, India and Pakistan should be helping victims of the devastating floods on both sides of the border.
Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had on Friday told the general assembly he was disappointed by India cancelling the foreign secretary-level talks.
Modi was not expected to respond to Sharif’s obvious attempt at India-baiting with a long running political tool, criticism over Kashmir. The MEA spokesperson had said that the Prime Minister’s speech would be forward-looking, leaving Sharif to some official.
But Modi took on Sharif himself, questioning his sincerity in dealing with the dispute that has defined India-Pakistan relations for decades.
In a speech delivered in Hindi — from a prepared text in English — Prime Minister Modi also called for the long-standing reforms of the UN Security Council.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,’ he said.
The Prime Minister began his second day of the US tour, first day of full engagements, with an early morning tour of the 9/11 memorial and the attached museum.
Dressed in his trademark short-sleeve shirt, with a shawl thrown over his shoulder, the prime minister could be seen listening intently to his briefer.
He then changed into a dark bandh-gala suit for his UN engagements, starting with a meeting with secretary general Ban ki Moon, and a tour of the US complex.
Minutes before he was to speak, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, led the India delegation to their desk to the assembly floor, accompanied by NSA Ajit Doval.
The visitors’ gallery was packed, unusually for a Saturday morning, said several UN officials, impressed not only by the strength of the Indian media contingent, but also by Modi fans.
Watch: It is upto Pakistan to create right atmosphere and come forward for bilateral talks: Modi
After touching on all major global challenges — climate change and terrorism, for instance — the Prime Minister raised a long-standing Indian demand for UN SC reform.
India has been pushing for increasing the permanent membership of the Security Council beyond the present five — US, UK, China, Russia and France — without much success.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,” said the prime minister.
He warned that the failure to do so could make these institution irrelevant. “Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st.”
He added, “It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.”
Delivered in Hindi, from English remarks
The Prime Minister delivered his speech in Hindi, from a speech written in English. His speech tracked closely with the text in English, in spirit. But the translator seemed completely off-key, jumping from word to word, without trying to capture the sense of what Modi was saying.
Pitch for Yoga
An avid practitioner of Yoga, the Prime Minister gave it major shoutout in his speech calling it “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”. He said, “Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being.”
G-1, G-4 or G for all?
While making a pitch for a genuinely interaction compact of nations, he said there is a tendency to bunch countries into various groups. “Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?”
Live Blog Modi in America
.
Earlier Modi paid tributes at the memorial, also known as Ground Zero, where the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center(WTC) were destroyed in the unprecedented terror attack on September 11, 2001.
    
Dressed in a spotless white kurta and churidars and a grey shawl thrown on his left shoulder, a sombre looking Modi gently placed rose buds one by one--five in all--on the grey granite memorial slabs where names of the victims were etched, stood for a while and folded his hands.
    
Modi, who was in a reflective mood, also visited the 9/11 museum, that displays artifacts associated with the events of the terror attack while presenting stories of loss and recovery.
    

With J Jayalalithaa in jail  Tamil Nadu awaits a new chief ministerSep 28, 2014 at  09:22am IST
With J Jayalalithaa in jail, Tamil Nadu awaits a new chief minister
23
0
Bangalore: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa spent her first night in Bangalore Central Jail after she was convicted by a special court in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case. She has been given four years imprisonment and Rs 100 crore fine under the prevention of corruption act.
She has been disqualified as an MLA for six years which meant a political exile for a total of 10 years. The question now remains is who will be the next chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
She has been convicted in the case along with her close aide Sasikala and her relative Ilavarasi. Her disowned foster son Sudhakaran has also been found guilty.
#j jayalalithaa #disproportionate assets case #bangalore #tamil nadu
The others convicts have also been given a jail term of four years and along with a fine of Rs 10 crore each.
Special Public Prosecutor and Bhavani Singh said, "The special court convicted Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Kumari Jayalalithaa and three others and sentenced them to four years of simple imprisonment."
Jayalalithaa's conviction also meant 10 years exile from electoral politics. A 2013 judgement of the Supreme Court said an MLA or MP convicted of an offence is disqualified for a period of 6 years plus the quantum of punishment imposed.
Meanwhile, tensions are running high amongst AIADMK cadres, who clashed with police in many parts of Bangalore and Chennai. Prohibitory orders were imposed around the Bangalore Court
Bangalore Police Commissioner MN Reddy said, "I am sure things will be normal."
The only option left to Jayalalithaa now is to approach the Karnataka High Court for bail. Sources said Jayalalithaa will be filing an appeal against her conviction as only an acquittal can wipe out her disqualification to contest elections.
170

Week in Review  September 27September 26, 2014 6:13 pm
Week in Review, September 27
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d04357ea-459c-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK split on Beijings democracy proposalsHong Kong divided over Beijing’s proposal for democracy
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07a65246-3c83-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Egypt court postpones Mubarak verdict to NovemberPress Trust of India | Cairo | Posted: September 27, 2014 3:13 pm
On saturday an Egyptian court postponed until late November, the verdict in the retrial of former President Hosni Mubarak for his complicity in the killing of protesters during the 2011 revolution that toppled him.
Mubarak arrived in a helicopter earlier Saturday to New Cairo’s Police Academy ahead of an expected verdict.
Several of Mubarak’s supporters and opponents gathered outside the Police Academy, where Cairo’s Criminal Court was expected to issue its verdict in the retrial.
Families of the victims held pictures of relatives they lost while Mubarak supporters chanted slogans questioningwhether Egypt had really improved following Mubarak’s ouster.
Mubarak, 86, is being retried on charges of complicity in the killing of around 850 unarmed protesters during the January, 2011 uprising that ended his 30-year rule.
His sons Gamal and Alaa, Mubarak-era interior minister Habib El-Adly, and six of El-Adly’s aides are also charged in the same case.
The former autocrat was sentenced to 25 years in jail in 2012 but the verdict was successfully appealed in January,2013 as the presiding judge ruled that there was not enough evidence presented by the prosecution.
Mubarak’s retrial began in April, 2013.
Egypt has been wracked by political turmoil since the overthrow of Mubarak and later under its first democratically elected President Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Morsi’s term was plagued by political uncertainty and violence in a deeply polarised country that ultimately led to his ouster by the powerful military on in July last year following mass protests against his rule.

US-led strikes hit IS group oil areas for 2nd day  destroy four tanksU.S.-led coalition warplanes bombed oil installations and other facilities in territory controlled by Islamic State militants in eastern Syria on Friday. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: September 26, 2014 8:52 pm
American-led coalition warplanes destroyed four tanks belonging to the Islamic State group in eastern Syria on Friday, the U.S. military said, targeting the militants in a key oil-producing area that has generated millions of dollars in revenue for the extremist faction.
The strikes outside the city of Deir el-Zour on the Euphrates River marked the second consecutive day that the United States and its Arab allies have taken aim at the militants near the border with Iraq. Coalition planes pounded a dozen makeshift oil-producing facilities in the same area on Thursday, trying to cripple one of the militants’ primary sources of cash _ black market oil sales that the U.S. says produce up to $2 million a day.
Syrian activists said the American-led air campaign also hit the Tanak oil field as well as the Qouriyeh oil-producing area in Deir el-Zour on Friday. It said air raids also targeted the headquarters of the Islamic State group in the town of Mayadeen southeast of Deir el-Zour city.
This image made from video released by U.S. Central Command, shows the aftermath of an airstrike on the Mayadin modular oil refinery in Syria. (Source: AP)
The Observatory said the strikes caused an unknown number of casualties, and were believed to have been carried out by the coalition. Another activist collective, the Local Coordination Committees, also reported four strikes on Mayadeen that it said were conducted by the U.S. and its allies.
The U.S. Central Command confirmed that U.S. aircraft destroyed four Islamic State group tanks and damaged another. It did not have any information on strikes targeting oil facilities, but the military statement  mentions raids by American forces only and not those by other coalition partners.
The Observatory reported another apparent coalition air raid on Islamic State positions outside the city of Hassakeh in northeastern Syria near the Iraqi border. Those strikes targeted an oil-production area, as well as vehicles the militants had brought in from Iraq and tried to bury in the ground to protect them, according to Observatory director Rami Abdurrahman.
The coalition, which began its aerial campaign against Islamic State fighters in Syria early Tuesday, aims to roll back and ultimately crush the extremist group, which has created a proto-state spanning the Syria-Iraq border. Along the way, the militants have massacred captured Syrian and Iraqi troops, terrorized minorities in both countries and beheaded two American journalists and a British aid worker.
The air assault has targeted Islamic State checkpoints, training grounds, oil fields, vehicles and bases as well as buildings used as headquarters and offices. Activists say the militants have cut back the number of gunmen manning checkpoints, apparently continued…

Jayalalithaa assets case: How it all beganE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mexico speeds up energy auctionsMexico speeds up energy auctions
By Jude Webber in Cancún
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba954ebe-45b8-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jayalalithaa s conviction a rude shock for partymenPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:41 pm
The conviction of AIADMK supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, J Jayalalithaa has come as a rude shock to the ruling party, casting a doubt over her political future ahead of the 2016 assembly polls.
Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under Prevention of Corruption Act and is facing the prospects of being disqualified as MLA and losing power.
While a pall of gloom descended at the AIADMK headquarters at Royapettah, with some angry workers burning effigies of DMK leaders, the rivals celebrated Jayalalithaa’s conviction as scores of DMK workers thronged the headquarters Arivalayam as well as Karunanidhi’s residence.
The special court’s verdict pronouncing their leader ‘Amma’ (Mother, as she is addressed by supporters) guilty crushed the die-hard AIADMK supporters’ hope of her emerging unscathed in this case that was hanging over her head like the Damocles sword.
She had to step down as Chief Minister in 2001 when the Supreme Court observed that she cannot hold office, as she was earlier sentenced in two corruption cases in 2000, which, however, later she was set aside.
Saturday’s verdict has come as a jolt to the ruling AIADMK as it had been enjoying a winning spree in all elections held since April 2011, when the party trounced DMK.
The party had put up a stellar performance in the Lok Sabha polls this year, winning 37 of the 39 states in the state, though its hopes of a pivot role in the Centre failed with the BJP mustering majority on its own.
However, there is no threat to the party government as AIADMK has a solid majority of 150 seats in the 234-member Assembly.
She had been acquitted in several other cases filed during the DMK regime.
After the apex court’s observation in 2001 that she cannot continue in office, Jayalalithaa had made her loyal aide and then not-so-known face O Panneerselvam as her successor to power.
After getting absolved of the charges in the Madras High Court, she had contested from Andipatti constituency and became the Chief Minister again in 2002.
Panneerselvam is also one of the names presently doing the rounds in AIADMK circles as one of the probables to take over as the next Chief Minister if Jayalalithaa has to resign.
The others being Transport Minister V Senthil Balaji and Electricity Minister Natham R Viswanathan and even former Chief Secretary and Consultant to the state government, Sheela Balakrishnan.

Convicted of sedition and Maoist links  Prafulla Jha released after seven years in jailPrint
Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: September 27, 2014 6:33 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 6:45 pm
Veteran journalist Prafulla Jha, who became the first journalist in Chhattisgarh to be convicted of sedition, was freed on Saturday after nearly seven years in jail. He was arrested in January 2008 after a bag full of weapons was recovered from his Raipur home in January 2008.
Subsequently, his son Pratiek Jha was also arrested with six others in what the state police claimed as the “biggest case of urban network of Maoists” in Chhattisgarh.
All eight of them were convicted last July. While three were awarded three-year jail term, Jha and the other four were given seven years in jail. With Jha, another convict Meena Chaudhary was also released today.
They all were held guilty of helping the Maoists in running their operations in urban areas of Chhattisgarh.

Banks in Dakshina Kannada open 1.5 lakh accounts under Jan DhanBanks in Dakshina Kannada open 1.5 lakh accounts under Jan Dhan
A J Vinayak
Tweet
Nalin Kumar Kateel (left), Member of Parliament from Dakshina Kannada district, inaugurating the new branch of Corporation Bank at Bejai in Mangalore on Saturday. SR Bansal (second from left), Chairman and Managing Director of the bank, and AB Ibrahim (right), Deputy Commissioner of Dakshina Kannada district, are seen.
Mangalore, Sept 27:  
Banks in Dakshina Kannada have opened nearly 1.5 lakh accounts under the Prime Minister Jan Dhan scheme, according to Nalin Kumar Kateel, Member of Parliament from Dakshina Kannada district.
Inaugurating the new branch of Corporation Bank at Bejai in Mangalore city on Saturday, he congratulated the bankers for taking active interest in opening accounts under the Jan Dhan scheme.
AB Ibrahim, Deputy Commissioner of the district, who inaugurated the ‘24x7 e-Lobby’ of the bank, said that the banks in the district have brought around 92 per cent of eligible people under the banking network till now.
“We want to be the number one district to achieve 100 per cent target by November 1,” he said.
Ibrahim said that Corporation Bank has always partnered in developmental endeavours of the district administration. It has taken active role in the development of Mangalore and the district, he said.
SR Bansal, Chairman and Managing Director of Corporation Bank, who presided over the programme, said that the bank has been making good progress under the Jan Dhan scheme, and has already crossed the target under the scheme.
Of the 314 branches opened in 2013-14, as many as 111 branches were opened in un-banked areas, Bansal said. The bank opened more than 35 per cent of its branches in un-banked areas last fiscal against the RBI requirement of 25 per cent, he said.
The bank, which was started in Udupi more than 100 years ago, opened a branch at Jagannath Puri last week. With this, the bank crossed the number of 2,100 branches, he said.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

AAP launches youth  students wingPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:25 pm
On Saturday Aam Aadmi Party launched its youth and students’ wings, on the occasion of 107th birth anniversary of freedom fighter Bhagat Singh.
AAP Youth Wing (AYW) and Chhaatra Yuva Sangharsh Samiti (CYSS) will help the party develop its strength from the grass roots by penetrating into different stratas of the society, under its programme Mission Vistaar undertaken after its severe drubbing in the Lok Sabha.
The wings will also help channelise youth volunteers, many of who are students and who form its core support base. They will also help mobilise resources during elections.
Speaking at the launch, AAP national convener Arvind Kejriwal said the wings are an opportunity for the youth to work for the country.
“There is a saying that everybody wants Bhagat Singh to take birth, but only in the neighbour’s house not in his own. The aim of the wing is to change this.
“When I passed out of IIT, I was thinking how could I help the country. Today, I give an opportunity to the youth to work for the country. Through this, AAP has also given you a platform for political discussions,” he said.
Kejriwal also said that the party aims to contest elections in Jawaharlal Nehru, Delhi and Jamia Millia Islamia universities next year.
The former Delhi Chief Minister also exhorted the existing and would-be AYW members to make five promises to the country including a pledge to protect any woman in danger and reject dowry for wedding.
“Fighting against drug menace, casteism and religion-based politics should be the goal of the party,” Kejriwal said.
Less than a month ago, AAP had launched its women’s wing AAP Ki Mahila Shakti.
AAP also announced that its Tilak Nagar MLA Jarnail Singh would head the Delhi unit of the youth wing while the CYSS will be headed by Sarita Singh.
Asked about the plans of the AWY, Delhi unit chief, Jarnail Singh said, “We will complete our booth-level committee team for every polling station level within a month.We are targeting people up to 35 years of age.”

Narendra Modi asks world leaders to adopt International Yoga DayPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 27, 2014 9:50 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday asked the world leaders to adopt an International Yoga Day, saying that by changing lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change.
“Let us work towards adopting an International Yoga Day,” Modi said in his maiden address to the 193-member UN General Assembly in United Nations.
Noting that Yoga is “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”, he said: “It is not about exercise but to discover the sense of oneness with yourself, the world and the nature.”
Yoga is the 5,000-year-old Indian physical, mental and spiritual practice that aim to transform body and mind.
“Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfillment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being,” he said.
“By changing our lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change,” he added.

Use technology to detect fraud  tax panel tells CustomsUse technology to detect fraud, tax panel tells Customs
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 27, 2014 11:03 PM IST
The Tax Administration Reform Commission (TARC), headed by Parthasarathi Shome, has recommended that the Customs department shift its focus from traditional methods of processing trade documents to a risk-management system with greater reliance on technology.
"Unless this happens, the CBEC (Central Board of Excise and Customs) cannot hope to achieve comparability with global best practices in Customs administration," said the report given to the finance ministry on Friday.
While the Customs department has initiated a risk-based management system, it has not developed an enterprise risk management framework. The framework should facilitate legitimate trade while subjecting riskier transactions to closer scrutiny, the report said.
The report is the second in a series by the commission. The first report, filed in June, had recommended abolition of the post of revenue secretary and merging CBEC and the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT). Such far-reaching recommendations were not part of the second report. The commission, set up by former Finance Minister P Chidambaram, will give two more reports. Shome was advisor to Chidambaram.
The commission said risk-based management included principles of self-assessment that the Customs department had already incorporated. However, the philosophy behind self-assessment had not been internalised in the department, particularly at the operational level.
The report wanted the department to come out with self-assessment checklists to help exporters and importers comply. It also suggested a comprehensive vision statement in sync with global standards. The goal, said the panel, should be delivery of customer services at declared standards and with respect for taxpayers' rights.
It wanted the Customs department to standardise and simplify processes and minimise discretionary controls. To streamline the counter-smuggling measures, the commission wanted the department to upgrade technological support for intelligence.
The report laid stress on deepening the ability to use data analytics for identifying potential economic crimes. Capacities needed to be built in areas like computer forensics, it said and emphasised the need to significantly improve investigative skills. "For enforcement to be effective, a sharper focus on the quality of investigation is essential," it said.
Distinction needed to be made between cases that involved deliberate fraud and those that involved difference of opinion. The latter usually involve technical issues and need to be handled differently. "Normally, the dispute-resolution mechanism should be adequate to take care of such cases," it said. The former category, on the other hand, needed painstaking investigation that uncovered evidence sufficient to sustain the case in prosecution, the commission said.
The report said while the Customs department regularly prosecuted offenders for smuggling, its performance on commercial fraud was not satisfactory. "There is a need to improve on this score," the commission said, reminding the department about its recommendation in the first report about creation of a directorate of prosecution.
The report also wanted the Department of Revenue Intelligence, Risk Management Division, Financial Intelligence Unit and Directorate of Enforcement to coordinate to counter trade-based money laundering.
The commission recommended setting up of a Directorate of Origin to prevent misuse of regional trade agreements. The directorate will be responsible for rules of origin, which identify the country of origin of exports into India. It also recommended setting up a Directorate of International Cooperation. The second part of the report dealt with data sharing among CBDT, CBEC, the Reserve Bank of India, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), FIU and Central Economic Intelligence Bureau. It suggested a common catalogue of data that would contain information like source, structure, definition, quality and frequency of update. The commission suggested enactment of specific legislation to provide for general rules for exchange.

Tamil Nadu might miss Amma brandE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

3 Rescued  32 Missing as Volcano Erupts in JapanAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Maharashtra: NCP broke alliance with Congress as it was cosying up to BJP  says Prithviraj Chavan19
0
Mumbai: Even as the Union Cabinet recommended President's Rule in poll-bound Maharashtra after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned following the end of  the 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance in the state, Chavan blamed the NCP for the breakup. In an exclusive interview to CNN-IBN, Chavan claimed that the NCP broke the alliance with the Congress because it was cosying up to the BJP.
Chavan said that the alliance ended on the ground of chief ministership. He said, "The NCP demanded that the chief minister's post be shared, according to which each party will have chief minister for two-and-half years. Earlier it was the party getting maximum number of seats that got the chief ministership. The dispute was about power, about chief ministership."
Chavan added that the state Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar even set a pre-condition. "The NCP demanded 30 more seats and wanted to contest 144 seats. We always had seat adjustment talks but there was a pre-condition this time."
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #prithviraj chavan #ncp
Chavan claimed that the NCP and BJP colluded with each other to overthrow the state government just a few days before the Assembly elections. "A game plan was worked out between NCP and BJP to pull the plug of the state government. The Governor will then recommend President's Rule in the state."
On the question whether NCP and BJP are fighting against each other or is it a fixed match, Chavan said, "NCP and BJP are not in a fight but in a friendly match. All regional parties always side with the ruling party at the Centre."
Chavan did not deny that the onus of saving the alliance was on him. "As the leader of the alliance, the onus of saving it was on me. But I was sent to Maharashtra during a difficult time," Chavan added.
1

US: PM Modi to address a crowd of over 20 000 NRIs at Madison Square Garden today20
0
New York: After his address to the United Nations General Assembly on Saturday, Prime Minister is Modi is all set to address NRIs and other supporters in the much anticipated event at the famous Madison Square Garden on Sunday.
A full house at Madison Square Garden with over 20,000 NRIs is expected to turn up to hear Modi. Meanwhile, the PM met a Sikh delegation from the US and Canada early this morning. He also attended the Global citizen festival at the Central Park after that.
"The world changes can change with idealism, innovation, energy and the 'can do' attitude of the youth while some believe that the world changes with the wisdom of the old," the PM said. He also added, "We want to lift poverty, make clean water and sanitation within reach , make healthcare available to all and I know that this is possible."
A full house at Madison Square Garden with over 20,000 NRIs is expected to turn up to hear Modi.

Narendra Modi speaks at New York s Central Park rock concert  reaches out to youngstersOct 01, 2014 at  03:53pm IST
Narendra Modi speaks at New York's Central Park rock concert, reaches out to youngsters
69
3
New York: After giving a powerful speech at the United Nations General Assembly, Prime Minister Narendra Modi headed to the famous Central Park in New York where he addressed a packed audience of youngsters and called for world peace.
Using an unusual platform of a rock concert, Modi on Saturday invoked "can do" attitude of youth to change India and the world.
After a seven-minute speech in English, Modi also read out a Sanskrit scripture calling for "peace in the world" and greeted the largely-American crowd with a "namaste" amidst cheers and claps.
#modi meets america #modi in america #narendra modi #central park
After performances by various artistes like Beyonce Knowles, Modi was introduced to the crowd by actor Hugh Jackman as someone who started as a "tea salesman" and went on to become Chief Minister of Gujarat and then Prime Minister of India with a huge mandate.
Addressing the crowd, Modi sent his "namaste" to also those watching the concert on "TVs, laptops, tablets and phones".
Modi said he was delighted to be among the youth in an open park and not inside a closed conference room.
"Because you are the future. What you do today, will decide our tomorrow. I feel a current of hope in this park. Among you, I feel confident about the future," he said.
Hailing the Global Citizen movement to end poverty and provide education and basic sanitation to all, Modi said, "Some believe that the world changes with the wisdom of the old. I think that the idealism, innovation, energy and 'can do' attitude of the youth is even more powerful."
"That is my hope for India too (for) 800 million youth joining hands to transform our nation," he added.
Modi said he decided to come to the festival to extend his support and to express his belief that youth of India can join them in this global effort.

Sony launches new flagship Z3  wants to end year with 30 new modelsThe Xperia Z3 Compact features a 4.6-inch HD display with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. It shares the same hardware specifications with the flagship Z3.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 25, 2014 4:40 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 8:27 pm
Sony, which launched its latest flagship Sony Xperia Z3 in India on Thursday, wants to have 30 new smartphone models by the end of the year. The company has launched the Xperia Z3 at Rs 51,990 and the Compact version of the same at Rs 44,990.
Kenichiro Hibi, Managing Director, Sony India
“With Xperia Z3, we are not just targeting existing Xperia Z series users, but also users of other smartphone brands, who want to upgrade to one of the most powerful and greatest smartphones till date from Sony,” Kenichiro Hibi, Managing Director, Sony India told IndianExpress.com. “It is becoming quite normal for two flagship models to be launched in the same year to offer an upgrade option for other smartphone brand”.
With the Z3, Hibi said, Sony was combining all of its best technologies in digital imaging, video, audio and entertainment (gaming) into one device, “all packaged in our signature sleek and aesthetic design”. The company is also offering a smaller, cheaper version of the flagship, the  Sony Xperia Z3 Compact. “The Compact packs all the path-breaking features and uncompromised performance of Xperia Z3 in an attractive compact size. The two smartphones cater to the segment of people who are technology enthusiasts and want to own the very latest and best products,” Hibi added.
The Z3 will stand out for its water and dust proof body as well as ability to shoot 4K video and stretch the battery life well over a day. The Z3 Compact has a smaller 4.6-inch screen size, but almost all the other features of the larger version.
On the changed market situation in India, where newer players with budget phones are raking in the volumes, Hibi said: “The Indian smartphone market offers potential for all players to grow. There will always be a market for lesser priced or discounted products and brands, as there will be for more premium brands that offer the best quality.” He said Sony had 30 smartphones models planned for launch this year, including variants and are focusing on the entire spectrum from sub Rs 10,000 segment, to high-end premium smartphones.
Incidentally, Xperia is the fastest growing product category for Sony India and is expected to contribute over 40% of total business in FY14. “In order to drive this growth, we have allocated Rs. 350 crore of our total marketing budget towards Xperia and have further expanded our distribution network to a solid 9,500 touch-points including 250 Exclusive Xperia Stores in FY14,” Hibi added.
Asked if expensive flagship smartphones were becomng niche in India, he said there is still a significant market of buyers who seek the latest and best quality phones, featuring the newest technology and the most innovative continued…

Buying option A Rs 15/sh stock which may give 82% in 1 yrSep 30, 2014, 09.36 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Buying option? A Rs 15/sh stock which may give 82% in 1 yr
The company has a market capitalisation of  Rs 352.30 crore. Its FY14 sales turnover was Rs 385.86 crore with net profit of  Rs 30.79 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buying option? A Rs 15/sh stock which may give 82% in 1 yr
The company has a market capitalisation of  Rs 352.30 crore. Its FY14 sales turnover was Rs 385.86 crore with net profit of  Rs 30.79 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Will you buy a stock which costs only Rs 15 per share and has potential of earning over 80 percent in a year’s time? Shares of  Grauer and Weil (India) have jumped 245 percent from a mere Rs 4.50 to Rs 15.24 in last 12 months. So, what is ticking the stock on buyers’ radar?
East India Securities has initiated coverage on the stock with a buy rating and a bullish target of Rs 28 (around 82 percent jump), stating that its market leadership position in the surface protection business boosts it to capitalise on the improving business scenario.
The company has a market capitalisation of  Rs 352.30 crore. Its FY14 sales turnover was Rs 385.86 crore with net profit of  Rs 30.79 crore.
“Its sales and profits have grown13 percent CAGR and 17 percent CAGR during FY10-FY14 despite slowdown in the economy and is all set to generate healthy free cash flow in next couple of years with low gearing and no major capex required in next 2 to 3 years. Revenues from real estate business will also see a sharp jump as renewal of 40 percent of lease, due next year, and is likely to be at 75 percent increment,” the brokerage says in a report.
Grauer and Weil has 38 percent market share in the Rs 7000 mn electroplating chemical industry. It offers surface treatment products and solutions in chemicals, equipments, paints and lubricants segments. It also has a 10 acre land in Mumbai's western suburb, which has been developed into a Mall - Growel’s 101.
Promoted by Ramanlal Shah and Kanchanlal Shah, as a private limited company, Grauer & Weil (India) Ltd was converted into a public limited company in Feb 1961.
However, low cost products from Chinese market are the major concern in chemical business, says the brokerage.
On Friday, the stock closed at Rs 15.54, up Rs 1.41, or 9.98 percent on the BSE.
Stock Performance %

Surana Corporation: Outcome of AGMSep 27, 2014, 11.32 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Surana Corporation: Outcome of AGM
Surana Corporation has informed that the 23rd annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 26, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Surana Corporation: Outcome of AGM
Surana Corporation has informed that the 23rd annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 26, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Surana Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 26, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Advent Computer: Outcome of AGMSep 27, 2014, 11.31 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Advent Computer: Outcome of AGM
Advent Computer Services has informed that the 29th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Advent Computer: Outcome of AGM
Advent Computer Services has informed that the 29th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company was held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Advent Computer Services Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Markets rise on S&P upgradeMarkets rise on S&P upgrade
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 26, 2014 10:50 PM IST
The upgrade of India's sovereign credit outlook by global ratings firm Standard & Poor's (S&P) came to the markets' rescue on Friday, helping indices recover part of the losses made in the previous two sessions. The BSE Sensex climbed 158 points, or 0.6 per cent, to end at 26,626. The NSE Nifty gained 57 points, or 0.7 per cent, to end at 7,986. But shares were still down about 1.7 per cent through the week on the back of the derivatives segment expiry and the Supreme Court verdict on cancellation of coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2008.
On Friday, S&P upgraded India's outlook to stable from negative but maintained its rating at BBB-/A-3. The improvement would be reassuring to investors concerned about the economic recovery and would boost confidence in the government's policy measures, said analysts. "The change in outlook indicates amplified conviction in the government's intent and ability to make changes for growth. Investor confidence will move up a notch along with the outlook and this essentially means money waiting on the sidelines will now come into India," said Jayant Manglik, president-retail distribution, Religare Securities.Analysts. Analysts said investors were seen covering their short positions by buying into stocks of the power and banking sectors, which had fallen sharply in the wake of the Supreme Court judgment.
The BSE Bankex was up 1.9 per cent, led by Canara Bank and YES Bank, each up over 5 per cent. The BSE Power Index, which had fallen over 3.4 per cent since the SC verdict, was up 1.2 per cent, led by gains in JP Power which inked a deal with JSW Energy on Thursday for the sale of three projects after its deal with Reliance Power collapsed the day before. JP Power was up 8.9 per cent, followed by Adani Power, up 5.6 per cent, and GMR Infra, which rose 3.5 per cent. Despite the positive close on Friday, experts remain cautious about the future direction of the stock market as near-term concerns still persist. "The upgrade uplifted the market mood on Friday but there is still uncertainty on the currency front. Besides, investors will be watching the Reserve Bank of India policy review on Tuesday," said Sunil Jain,VP (equity research), Nirmal Bang Securities.
Further, profit-taking and the truncated week ahead would mean that investors could reduce their positions going forward. Foreign institutional investors were net-sellers on Friday by Rs 1,133 crore, bringing their weekly net outflow to Rs 3,011 crore, including provisional exchange data for Friday. Domestic institutions, on the other hand, were net-buyers on Friday by Rs 1,335 crore, taking their weekly net inflow to Rs 2,733 crore.

Stock exchange dues a priority over IT dues  says SCStock exchange dues a priority over IT dues, says SC
Jayshree P Upadhyay | Mumbai Sep 26, 2014 10:48 PM IST
The Supreme Court has ruled that stock exchange dues shall have priority over income-tax (I-T) dues in case of a default by a stock exchange member (broker).
The remark was made in a two-decade-old case between the BSE and the I-T department over who has the first right to the dues of defaulting member Suresh Damji Shah.
The I-T department had in 1995 written to the BSE claiming that the funds received by auctioning the licence of the defaulting member should be handed over to it to settle the tax dues amounting to about Rs 25 lakh.
The BSE contested the I-T department’s claim stating that the exchange was the rightful owner of the membership card and, hence, it had the right to settle the dues.
Subsequently, the I-T department imposed a prohibitory order on the BSE not to use the proceeds from the auction to settle its dues.
The BSE then filed a writ petition in the Bombay High Court, which heard the matter and dismissed it in 2003. The court directed the exchange to make certain payments and hand over the securities to the I-T department.
The plea finally reached the apex court, which ruled in favour of the BSE, saying exchanges have the first right to the dues of any defaulting member.
“As this civil appeal raises important questions of law both from the point of view of the BSE and the I-T department, we are going into the matter in some detail,” said the apex court in the order.
The SC clarified that any membership would be used to settle dues in the order of priority first to the exchanges and clearing houses; second to settle contracts; and finally, the surplus could be used according to the discretion of the exchange.
“Stock exchanges that make rules in exercise of powers conferred by the Securities Contracts Regulation Act are equally ‘rules’ and therefore subordinate legislation… It can be said to have a superior right to income-tax dues, which may become payable by virtue of the stock exchange being a secured creditor,” the SC stated.

US markets face volatile fourth quarterUS markets face volatile fourth quarter
By Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ede62540-4333-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bet on the dollar but beware bad newsSeptember 25, 2014 8:55 pm
Bet on the dollar but beware bad news
By James Mackintosh
Logic of buying the greenback is undeniable, writes James Mackintosh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fefa1cf0-44ce-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spain raises forecast for economic growthSpain raises forecast for economic growth
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4314a474-4587-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Archers win Indias second gold in sensational victoryIndian men's compound archery team strikes gold
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sat 27 Sep, 2014
Print
Incheon, Sep 27 (IANS) India caused a huge upset in the 17th Asian Games as the compound archery men's team of Rajat Chauhan, Sandeep Kumar and Abhishek Verma defeated world champions South Korea 227-225 to win gold at the Gyeyang Asiad Archery Field here Saturday.
Going into the final, the hosts were the overwhelming favourites but the pressure of playing in front of the home crowd seemed to get the better of them.
They failed to get it going against a young Indian team, who came out all guns blazing to give country their second yellow metal in the Incheon Games.
The South Korean trio of Yonghee Choi, Lihong Min and Youngho Yang trailed India from the first end by one point which grew to two by the second end.
The Koreans failed to erase the two points deficit as the third and fourth ends yielded similar number of scores (58-58).
The Indians had 12 10's while the Koreans scored 13.
The bronze went to Iran, who beat Philippines 227-224.
With the gold, India have jumped four places in the medals standings to 11th with 19 medals (two gold, two silver and 19 bronze).
Earlier in the day, the Indian women's team of Trisha Deb, Purvasha Sudhir Shende and Jyothi Surekha won bronze medal in the compound event.
Compound archery, a non-Olympic medal event, is making its debut at the Asian Games.
India's Verma will also vie for gold in the individual event while Trisha will compete in the semi-final later in the day.
Recommend

80 short-listed for Urban Hackathon by Telangana govt80 short-listed for Urban Hackathon by Telangana govt
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 27:  
The Indian School of Business and Telangana Government have kicked off Urban Hackathon, inviting the socially-conscious app developers to come out with technological solutions to address the challenges faced by the urbanites.
Being organised to mark the upcoming Metropolis event next month, the challenge is to improve quality of life in urban areas using apps. Those apps that win the laurels would be deployed by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).
The theme of the Hackathon was Social Innovation with Digital Technology. Over 390 teams registered for the challenge. Of these, about 80 short-listed teams will be presenting their solutions in the preliminary round.
At the final event, the top five solutions will get prizes, Minister for IT K Taraka Rama Rao said, kicking of the Hackathon at the ISB premises at Gachibowli on Saturday.
Somesh Kumar, Commissioner of GHMC and Director of XI Metropolis World Congress, said that the Hackathon would go a long way in making Hyderabad a ‘smart city’.
The problems that the app developers would look at include public transport, waste management, infrastructure, urban financing, traffic management, women safety and slum management.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Modi to address 15 campaign meetings in MaharashtraModi to address 15 campaign meetings in Maharashtra
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 27:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address over 15 campaign meetings in Maharashtra for the October 15 Assembly election, BJP said today after party President Amit Shah reviewed poll preparedness with senior state leaders.
This is the first election in over two decades which BJP is contesting without an alliance with Shiv Sena.
“We have asked for maximum rallies of Modi in Maharashtra. I am confident that he will address over 15 public meetings,” state BJP President Devendra Fadnavis told reporters after the review meeting Shah had with senior party leaders.
All the remaining four parties of the erstwhile ’Mahayuti’, a rainbow alliance which earlier included Shiv Sena, have decided to align with BJP, he said.
The parties, including Raju Shetti-led Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), Rashtriya Samaj Party (RSP) of Mahadeo Jankar, Vinayak Mete-led Shivsangram and Ramdas Athawale’s RPI, have their own pockets of influence in the state.
Athawale, who was earlier in talks with the Sena, today met BJP leaders and has been reportedly promised eight Assembly seats of the total 288.
“We will make seat allocation among allies public soon,” Fadnavis said.
BJP’s election observer for Maharashtra Om Mathur, Fadnavis and other state BJP leaders were present.
The alliance between BJP and Shiv Sena in Maharashtra split on Thursday after failure of seat-sharing talks.
Shah, who was to visit Mumbai on Thursday, had cancelled his trip and the same evening BJP announced its decision to snap the 25-year-old alliance with Sena.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Lucknow Metro project to be ready by 2016: CME-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi wants talks with Pakistan  without shadow of terrorismModi wants talks with Pakistan 'without shadow of terrorism'
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 27, 2014 11:05 PM IST
Under a new leader, India on Saturday asserted itself in a blend of style and substance before the global community, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi made his maiden address to the United Nations General Assembly. Speaking for nearly 30 minutes, both extempore and from a prepared text in Hindi - the usual limit is around 15 minutes - Modi touched upon the Pakistan issue, fleetingly, among other things.
Pakistan was both present and absent in the speech. Referring to Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's Friday speech reiterating the issue of a plebiscite on Kashmir, Modi wondered if anything could be achieved by raising the matter at the UN. He said India wanted to have a dialogue with Pakistan, but not under the shadow of terrorism.
"Pakistan must also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment. Raising issues at this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries. Instead, we should be thinking about the victims of floods in Jammu & Kashmir. In India, we have organised massive flood relief operations and have also offered assistance for Pakistan-occupied Kashmir," he said.
Interestingly, as Modi congratulated some for democracy - Bhutan, Afghanistan, Nepal and Tunisia - Pakistan was conspicuously absent from the list.
The prime minister not only lapsed into Hindi colloquialism at arguably the most influential forum in the world, but poked fun playfully at institutions that tend to take themselves too seriously, such as the 'G' series of multilateral institutions that succeeded only in undermining the UN. He said the 'G' group would soon run out of serial numbers and advised them to become 'G-All'.
Modi's speech was refreshing also for its candour. It was no surprise that he reaffirmed India's faith in multilateralism and asserted it was not a forum to raise bilateral issues. He also asserted that not one nation or group of nations could steer the United Nations and the affairs of the world. He lauded the efforts of 'Blue Helmets', the UN Peacekeeping force where India has a big presence, in trying to end want and hunger.
Modi did not pull his punches. He was forthright in saying that an "integrating" Asia-Pacific region was still concerned about maritime security, which is fundamental to its future - an indication of his concern at the designs of China in the South China Sea.
It was, however, to terrorism that he devoted a substantial part of his speech. Attacking those who differentiated between 'good terrorism' and 'bad terrorism', he said terrorism in any form was unacceptable. Worse, it was "taking new shape and new name. No country, big or small, in the North or the South, East or West, is free from its threat", he said, adding some were using it as a staging post to launch attacks and others were using it as an instrument of state policy.
"Today, even as seas, space and cyber space have become new instruments of prosperity, these could also become a new theatre of conflicts," Modi warned and asked countries in the UN to put their money where their mouth was: "Today, more than ever, the need for an international compact, which is the foundation of the United Nations, is stronger than before. While we speak of an interdependent world, have we become more united as nations?... On the one hand, we say our destinies are inter-linked; on the other, we still think in terms of zero-sum game. If the other benefits, I stand to lose." He added it was easy to be cynical and pessimistic: "Arre yaar jaane do," he said to illustrate his point about cynicism.
Asking members to reform the UN as an existential imperative - institutions that reflect the imperatives of the 20th century will not be effective in the 21st. It will face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it - he asked the Assembly to adopt the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism. "We should ensure there will be peace, stability and order in the outer space and cyber space. We should work together to ensure all countries observe international rules and norms."
"I want to say three things: One, we should be honest in shouldering our responsibilities in meeting the challenges. The world had agreed on a beautiful balance of collective action - common but differentiated responsibilities. That should form the basis of continued action. This also means that the developed countries must fulfil their commitments for funding and technology transfer."
"Second, national action is imperative. Technology has made many things possible. We need imagination and commitment. India is prepared to share its technology and capabilities, just as we have announced a free satellite for the Saarc (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) countries."
"Third, we need to change our lifestyles. Energy not consumed is the cleanest energy. We can achieve the same level of development, prosperity and well being, without necessarily going down the path of reckless consumption. It does not mean that economies will suffer; it will mean our economies will take a different character," he said.
He also urged the world to be led by India's soft power - yoga, culture and belief in dialogue and peace - and asked the UN to adopt an International Yoga Day.

Samsung launches Galaxy Alpha at Rs 39 990Samsung launches Galaxy Alpha at Rs 39,990
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 27, 2014 10:35 PM IST
At a time when Apple has moved towards larger screen iPhones, its South Korean rival Samsung decides to do the opposite. Stepping back from its usual practice of increasing the screen size every time it launches its flagship Galaxy smartphones, Samsung on Saturday unveiled a 4.7 inch screen Galaxy Alpha in India.Not just this. Unlike its earlier flagship Galaxy smartphones, Samsung has kept the price at Rs 39,990.  
Also, the emphasis this time is on design that actually reflects Apple’s core.The new Samsung device will be available in market during the first week of October, about a month before India’s biggest festival Diwali.  Samsung’s Galaxy Alpha is nowhere close to Galaxy S5 that the company hasd launched last year.

Undistracted by Sharif  Modi s UN speech will be  forward lookingUndistracted by Sharif  Modi s UN speech will be  forward looking
Glen Canyon Dam Marks 50 Years as Power SourceAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Why tax authorities continue to wage battle ...2G scam
(Over a two-week period in…)
On March 16, 2012, then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee made his budget speech in parliament, like so many finance ministers had done before him, and as many will do in later years as well. However, that speech was to have one fairly unusual effect. In the two weeks following it, and before the beginning of the new financial year on April 1, thousands of small companies were incorporated across the country. ET Magazine estimates that the number of private limited companies formed in Kolkata alone, between March 16 and March 31, 2012, was around 3,173 (possibly more). The financial year which was to end two weeks after that budget speech was to set a record of sorts, with more companies being incorporated during that year than any other across India.
The Registrar of Companies (RoC) in West Bengal, under which companies domiciled in that state are incorporated, reported that 16,477 private limited, nongovernment owned companies were incorporated that year. Thus, a fifth of those were incorporated in just the last two weeks of March in Kolkata. On March 29 alone, around 416 companies were registered in Kolkata.
Why the sudden rush to incorporate so many new companies? And what purpose were these companies set up to serve?
Start-up Tax
One of the big highlights of Mukherjee's speech was what was to be later criticized as the startup tax. The FM had tightened income-tax laws that affect the way investors put money into new private limited companies. Any investments in those companies at a share price above what the law called 'fair market value' was to be treated as the income of the company and taxed. Little wonder then that start-ups and entrepreneurs were nervous as it was seen as hurting the flow of venture funding into new companies (however, the law did exempt investments by recognised venture funds).
In that respect the burst of new companies being formed seems perfectly understandable. Entrepreneurs rushed to incorporate new companies before April 1 to avoid being affected by the new law which would kick in on that date.
But this still left several questions unanswered, the main one being: Why Kolkata?
The city, known more for industries such as coal and steel, was hardly a thriving hub of start-up culture. And then there were other oddities. Of the 3,173 companies formed in those two weeks, around 294 were located in just one building, on one street in the city.
As an income-tax officer later termed it, those companies were a form of 'inventory' for an industry that is largely unknown, unless you happen to be an accountant, or a lawyer, or an executive wellversed in the ways that Corporate India manages money. Especially black money.
The Shell Company Business
Last year ET Magazine had written about what is blandly called the 'accommodation entry' business, or, to give it its colloquial Kolkata name, the 'jamakharchi' business. It has been around in one form or the other for decades, but began to get organized and streamlined into what in management-speak would be called a 'scalable' business in Kolkata in the '80s. Since then it has spread to other cities. However, Kolkata, at least till a couple of years ago, was its epicentre.
The jamakharchi business exists for one big reason — to help its 'customers' convert black money into white, or vice versa. Given that unaccountedfor money is a part and parcel of how Corporate India operates, it raises the very immediate problem of how that black money is to be created and converted. On the one hand, large listed companies with foreign investors have to report audited accounts and ostensibly account for each rupee spent. On the other, while the companies may run perfectly legitimate businesses, they often have to deal with entities that aren't very transparent and which would prefer to be paid, or pay, in cash. And this is just those companies which don't want to evade any tax at all.
The 'jamakharchi' business exists to make such transactions happen by the tens, or even hundreds or thousands of crores. "It's important to point out that the jamakharchi business is, strictly speaking, not a money laundering business, though they share similar aspects," says the tax official ET Magazine spoke to. While money-laundering aims to convert money earned from criminal activity into legitimate income, the jamakharchi business may deal in unaccounted-for money earned as part of a perfectly legal business.
One of the more common ways to do this, till the change in tax law in 2012, was as follows. If a company had black money, which it wanted to channel as seemingly legitimate investments back into itself or group companies, it would get in touch with one of many 'accommodation entry' operators in the country. Some of the largest ones manage a portfolio of thousands of companies, either on their own, or through 'sub-operators' whom they habitually do business with.

DA case verdict: Buses set on fire by AIADMK...AIADMK
(The scene outside DMK member…)
In the commotion of effigies being burnt and sloganeering against DMK chief M Karunanidhi , BJP's Subramanian Swamy and prime minister Narendra Modi outside Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden residence, suddenly someone doused himself in kerosene. He was overpowered by party workers, before he could set himself on fire.
Emotional scenes played out too when a woman collapsed outside her residence.
The scene outside DMK member M Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence in Chennai was starkly contrasting. DMK workers cut a cake and distributed sweets while the party's members spent almost the entire day in a huddle at Karunanidhi's residence.
Incidents of violence were mainly reported from Madurai and Kancheepuram. A government bus was allegedly set on fire by AIADMK workers in Kancheepuram. In Vellore, instances of stones being pelted at vehicles bearing Karnataka were reported.
While most shops in Chennai and adjoining areas downed shutters since the afternoon, in some places AIADMK workers forcibly brought the shutters down. The party workers themselves seemed to be exercising some amount of restraint.
There was some tension outside the Gopalapuram residence of Karunanidhi and Swamy later in the day. A huge posse of police personnel was later deployed and stone pelting protesters where kept at bay.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian govt issues advisory to its citiz...You are here: Home > Collections > India
Australian government issues advisory to its citizens in India
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 06.54AM IST
(Australian nationals overall…)
MELBOURNE: Australian government today issued a new travel advisory for its citizens in India following the unrest that has gripped the state of Tamil Nadu after the conviction and sentencing of its Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa in a corruption case.
Issuing the advisory, the government said, "Following the conviction and sentencing of the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, we recommend that Australians in Chennai remain indoors over the weekend of 27-28 September due to increased tensions."
"In Bangalore, where the sentence was handed down, protests have resulted in police imposing prohibition orders in an area of 5km radius from the court and jail. You should avoid this area, be vigilant, and keep abreast of latest developments," it said asking its citizens to monitor local media for the latest information.
Australian nationals overall India were adviced to exercise a high degree of caution because of the risk of terrorism, civil unrest, crime and the high rate of accidents.
Citing that violent protests and demonstrations in India often occur spontaneously and have in the past claimed a significant number of lives, the advisory said, "You should avoid locations where protests and demonstrations are being held as these may become violent."
"You should be aware that international events, political developments in the region and local events can trigger demonstrations in India, often causing disruptions to public transport," it said.
Jayalalithaa was yesterday convicted and sentenced to four years jail in an 18-year-old corruption case in a judgment that will unseat her from the post of chief minister of Tamil Nadu and could send her to political exile for 10 years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Goldman Sachs earnings beat estimatesGoldman Sachs earnings beat estimates
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1e2656fa-a685-11e2-95b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

North Korea denounces United Nations as a ‘forum of lies’Print
North Korean soldiers salute their dictator Kim Jong Il. (Source: ExpressArchive)
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:04 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 10:06 am
North Korea’s foreign minister berated the UN Security Council as a forum of lies and double standards, in the first UN address by a top Pyongyang official in 15 years. Foreign Minister Ri Su Yong on Saturday called for reforming the UN Security Council, which has imposed tough sanctions on North Korea over its suspect nuclear program and missile launches.
“The Security Council should no longer serve as a forum for telling lies,” Ri told the UN General Assembly. The foreign minister accused the top body of turning a blind eye to civilian deaths in Gaza from Israeli attacks while punishing Syria over the conflict on its territory.
He said the top body was “showcasing the extreme manifestation of the double standard” and said no action should be taken against Syria “under the disguise of counter-terrorism,” in a reference to US-led airstrikes against jihadists. The foreign minister assailed the United States over joint exercises it held with South Korea in August and recounted that the 15-member council refused to consider Pyongyang’s
request to suspend the war exercises.
Turning to North Korea’s nuclear program, the foreign minister asserted that US “hostile policy” had led to Pyongyang’s decision to develop nuclear weapons. “The nuclear deterrent of the DPRK is not intended to threaten or attack others,” he said. “Neither is it a
bargaining chip to be exchanged for something else.”
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi earlier called for a resumption of six-party talks on North Korea’s nuclear program, in his address to the 193-nation Assembly. A report this month by the UN nuclear watchdog raised alarm over North Korea, saying the reactor at the Yongbyon
nuclear site may be operational again.
The reactor is capable of giving North Korea, which has carried out three nuclear tests, six kilos (13 pounds) of plutonium a year — enough for one nuclear bomb, experts say. Already under crippling sanctions since 2006, Pyongyang was hit by fresh UN punitive measures in March 2013 over its third nuclear test.
The first address by a top North Korean official to the United Nations in 15 years was delivered amid state media reports that leader Kim Jong-Un was suffering a bout of ill health.

PM Narendra Modi calls for world peace at Global Citizen Festival in NYPrint
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi, left and Hugh Jackman speak at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at Central Park on Saturday, Sept. 27, 2014 in New York. (Source: AP)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 9:46 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 1:26 am
Taking centrestage at the Global Citizen Festival in New York’s Central Park on Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed a crowd of 60,000 — mostly American students — in English. At the end of the event, which could be described as a music concert with a strong social message, he told the cheering crowd in fading evening light against the backdrop of New York’s famous skyline: “I salute you… may the Force be with you.”
Among the thousands who heard Modi and saw his image on a giant circular screen was 22-year-old American student Jennifer Robinson. “Yes, I liked the Indian Prime Minister. He spoke about peace and blessed us all. There is also something I heard about India making toilets for all in the next few years. That’s very impressive,” she said.
Organisers of the Global Citizen Festival, which is held at Central Park every year on September 27, said that while they had already invited Modi to attend their show since he would be in New York that day, it was his August 15 Red Fort speech that clinched the issue.
“After he reiterated that he was taking up sanitation and building clean toilets as a national campaign, we knew that we needed to have him here. We exchanged tweets with him, then met members of his team, including Bharat Lal, in Delhi, and finally, met him in person. And today, just look at the way the crowds reacted to him,” said a key organiser who had visited India to firm up arrangements, but who did not want to be named.
Besides Modi, United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and World Bank President Jim Yong Kim attended the event. Among the popular musicians who participated were rapper Jay-Z, veteran British rocker Sting and the American hip-hop band The Roots. Modi personally thanked Hollywood actor Hugh Jackman, the host for the evening.
The PM told the crowd: “This is a great city. It has assimilated the world in itself. I am delighted to be here in the open Central Park and not inside a closed conference room. I feel a current of hope in this park…”
He used just the right lines for a high-profile international advocacy event attended by young people: “Some believe that the world changes with the wisdom of the old. I think that the idealism, innovation, energy and ‘can-do’ attitude of the youth is even more powerful.”
 

Express 5: Jayalalithaa jailed in DA case  Modi delivers maiden speech at UNGAWe recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 9:21 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 9:25 am
We recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. BJP-SENA ALLIANCE
With talks between the party and its ally BJP stuck, a moderate gathering of Shiv Sena workers and leaders waited anxiously, hoping to hear him lay down the party’s political strategy.
READ: The ‘Bal’ Thackerays
2. JAYALALITHAA SENT TO JAIL
Tamil Nadu CM Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act and sentenced to four years in prison for accumulating wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income in 18-year-old corruption case.
READ: Law catches up with Jayalalithaa 
3. PM MODI AT UNGA
Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a firm first speech at the United Nations on Saturday, telling Pakistan to create an “appropriate environment” for serious bilateral dialogue “without the shadow of terrorism”.
4. Opinion
The fantastic achievement of Mangalyaan is a tribute to the young leadership of India’s Independence movement.
READ: Mangal ho 
5. SPORTS – Asian Games 2014
Rajat Chauhan stares longingly at the gold medal, eyes moist, before mumbling: “Meri maa ne jo zevar beche the, uske saamne yeh sona kuch nahi (this gold is worth less than the jewellery my mother had to sell).”

Asian Games: Indian men s compound archery team wins goldAsian Games: Indian men s compound archery team wins gold
Bharat Electronics  dividend payment dateBharat Electronics  dividend payment date
‘Occupy Central’ launches protest in Hong KongHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Occupy Central launches protest in Hong KongHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Soda Giants Vow To Make Big ChangeCoke, Pepsi Promise To Cut Calories In Soda By 20 Percent
 | By                                                                By CANDICE CHOI
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Coke, Pepsi and Dr Pepper say they'll work to reduce the calories Americans get from beverages by 20 percent over the next decade by more aggressively marketing smaller sizes, bottled water and diet drinks.
The announcement was made at the Clinton Global Initiative Tuesday and comes as the country's three biggest soda makers face public pressure over the role of sugary drinks in fueling obesity.
In many ways, the commitment follows the way customers' tastes are already changing. People have been moving away from soda on their own for several years because of concerns about sugar. But the industry group says the new commitment will accelerate the calorie-cutting.
Michael Jacobson, executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest, says the announcement shows "the industry is seeing the writing on the wall."
Also on HuffPost:

Of Madras and the moviesUpdated: September 26, 2014 20:39 IST
Of Madras and the movies
Srinivasa Ramanujam
A still from Angadi Theru
Madras
Tamil cinema
A few years ago, Tamil filmmakers got on to the Madurai bandwagon. They made a beeline to Madurai and chose locales in and around the city for shoots. It was quite the in-thing to focus on characters from Madurai and their quirks. But, not so much anymore. It’s our city that seems to be now preferred by filmmakers as a setting for films. Take Madras, which just hit screens, for example. It has Karthi and a wall as its main characters (yes, a wall) but the milieu is very north Madras.
Srinivasa Ramanujam takes a look at how Tamil cinema has explored the various neighbourhoods not just as locations but also as the right setting for a story.
Film: Madras
Cast: Karthi, Catherine Tresa
Neighbourhood: Royapuram
If you want to see gundas, rowdies in action… just head to north Madras! That’s how Tamil cinema usually stereotypes north Madras, but things are set to change. Films like Madras promise to chronicle the quirky side of the area — and feature people, some of whom even have a keen fashion sense!
Film: Marina
Cast: Sivakarthikeyan, Oviya
Neighbourhood: Marina Beach
Yes, the beach has been featured in many a film till now, but director Pandiraj decided to take things a little further. And came up with a daring, fun-filled film where he made heroes out of ‘sundal sellers’. The beach and the seaside stories are an integral part of this movie.
Film: Angaadi Theru
Cast: Mahesh, Anjali
Neighbourhood: T Nagar
The title means ‘market street’ and the entire film, directed by Vasanthabalan, threw light on life in busy T Nagar. More specifically, on the chaos in Ranganathan Street, and the lives that the sales boys in the glossy textile showrooms lead. Considered a close-to-real account of happenings, this film had many scenes that were shot using hidden cameras.
Film: Vathikuchi
Cast: Deliban, Anjali
Neighbourhood: Tambaram
Share autos are hugely popular in the city and help people get to places quickly and cheaply. The hero in this film is a share auto driver. The film is set mostly in Tambaram and the areas beyond. It focuses on the people who come to work everyday from other areas to Tambaram and how the share auto is part of their lives.
Film: Madraspattinam
Cast: Arya, Amy Jackson
Neighbourhood: Old Madras
This period film, which had a charming romance angle, featured all things Madras.You saw the tram, the old roads, the once-popular landmarks…everything. The city in the 1940s formed the backdrop for all the happenings in the film, which showed audiences how wonderful and uncluttered Madras looked in the past.

Bangalore court set to pronounce verdict in Jayalalithaa DA case  Politicos reacBangalore court set to pronounce verdict in Jayalalithaa DA case  Politicos reac
Mutual Funds NAVs advanced as market rally on SP upgradeMutual Funds NAVs advanced as market rally on SP upgrade
How Jayalalithaa fought and got acquitted in nearly dozen casesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sun Pharma heads towards biggest daily gain in 5 1/2 monthsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian lenders surge as Standard and Poor s upgrades India s outlook to  stableE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaiprakash Associates and Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd share prices soar up to 13 pct on deal with Sajjan Jindal s JSW EnergyHome
Markets
Jaiprakash Associates and Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd share prices soar up to 13 pct on deal with Sajjan Jindal's JSW Energy
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 26 2014, 12:14  IST
Sep 26 2014, 12:14  IST
 

Tesco pulled £3bn financing dealTesco pulled £3bn financing deal two days before profit warning
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b0021bb2-4595-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Clouds darken over crisis-hit TescoClouds darken over Tesco as retailer faces crisis of confidence
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/010f65be-4582-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK grocers  only lovers left alive© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8e735b80-44cf-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Volcano erupts in Japan; 250 trapped  11 hurtDense fumes are spewed out from several spots on the slope of Mt. Ontake as the volcano erupts in central Japan Saturday, Sept. 27, 2014. (AP Photo)
Associated Press | Tokyo | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:06 pm | Updated: September 27, 2014 5:15 pm
A volcano erupted in central Japanon Saturday, catching mountain climbers by surprise and trapping more than 250 people. At least 11 people were injured, including seven who were unconscious.
With a sound likened to thunder, Mount Ontake erupted shortly before noon, spewing large white plumes of ash high into the sky and sending people on the mountainside fleeing, covering some in ash.
More than 250 people were trapped on the mountain and a nearby peak in areas that were dangerous to approach, though some had decided to try making their way down as sunset approached, said Nagano prefecture crisis management official Minoru Kashiwabara.
Eleven people were injured, eight seriously, including the seven who lost consciousness, Kashiwabara said.
On the Gifu prefecture side of the mountain, 52 people were able to descend, the Fire and Disaster Management Agency said.
The 3,067-metre Mount Ontake sits on the border of Nagano and Gifu prefectures, on the main Japanese island of Honshu.
One witness told Japanese public broadcaster NHK that the eruption started with large booms that sounded like thunder.
In a YouTube video shown on Japanese TV, shocked climbers can be seen moving quickly away from the peak as an expanding plume of ash emerges above and then engulfs them.
Mikio Oguro, an NHK journalist who was on the slope on an unrelated assignment, told the station that he saw massive smoke coming out of the crater, blocking sunlight and reducing visibility to zero.
“Massive ash suddenly fell and the entire area was totally covered with ash,” he said by phone. He and his crew had to use headlights to find a lodge to take refuge.
“My colleagues later told me that they thought they might die,” Oguro said.
Japan’s meteorological agency raised the alert level for Mount Ontake to 3 on a scale of 1 to 5. It warned people to stay away from the mountain, saying ash and other debris could fall up to 4 kilometres away.

BJP s decision to part ways from Sena based on surveys  Modi factorBJP s decision to part ways from Sena based on surveys  Modi factor
The Hindu Crossword No. 2810Updated: September 27, 2014 18:57 IST
The Hindu Crossword No. 2810
1 Secretary’s attempt to make dough (6)
4 Gemstones in suit (8)
10 Drinks drop of tea in wood in the Holy Land (9)
11 Such music is constant during party? (5)
12 Tonight, a telling off in a London Tube station (7,4,4)
13 Musical instruction from an eminent Florentine (7)
15 Sufficient to answer demand in the noughties (6)
17 A service attended by elderly poet (6)
19 Lad went swimming in marshy area (7)
21 Golden sands — name changed in novel (6,3,6)
23 Gather in place to dine (5)
24 Musical work, formerly spoken start to elegy (9)
25 Police officer gets near criminal (8)
26 Plans to include large models (6)
Down
1 Foppish type to pay a quick call on one who talks foolishly at length (8)
2 Part company in Adriatic port (5)
3 USA-run lotteries, awfully chancy business (7,8)
5 List that is full of incorrect times (7)
6 “In the Mood” a fiddler rearranged — that’s easy listening (6-2-3-4)
7 Lots again suffering homesickness (9)
8 One who points out a worthless group of people? (6)
9 Free one individual (6)
14 Terribly rude urge I suppressed, as required by etiquette (2,7)
16 Greek hero’s trek cut short by us (8)
18 Notice old man in study, poker-faced (7)
19 Heading for workshop that is most spacious (6)
20 French writer penning page in college grounds (6)
22 Some from a haunted place in Nebraska (5)

Two more companies in CBI net in W. BengalTwo more companies in CBI net in W. Bengal
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 27:  
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday filed FIRs against two more West Bengal-based deposit-taking companies, MPS Greenery Developers Ltd and Akash Deep Projects Ltd.
These are the first non-Saradha companies against whom the agency has initiated proceedings.
According to a CBI spokesperson, cases have been registered against the managing directors and directors of these two companies.
“Charges include allegations of criminal breach of trust, cheating, criminal conspiracy and abatement. These are the first set of FIRs against companies other than the Saradha Group in West Bengal,” the spokesperson said.
The cases have been filed in pursuant to the Supreme Court asking the CBI to investigate the Saradha Scam in West Bengal and similar companies.
Akash Deep Projects, said to be headquartered in Baruipur south of Kolkata, is a relatively lesser known operator. Not much is known about its operations.
On the other hand Kolkata-headquartered MPS has been under the scanner of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for its money collection schemes, mostly plantation ones.
MPS along with Saradha, and some other companies have been in the forefront of collective investment schemes running in the Bengal.
MPS founder arrested
Pramatha Nath Manna, the founder and managing director of MPS Greenery, along with another director, PK Chanda, was arrested late on Friday night. They are accused of non-payment of dues. Cases were filed against them by some depositors from Bankura.
Manna was taken into custody after he attended the hearing of the Commission of Inquiry, headed by Justice Shyamal Sen, which has been set up by the state government to probe the Saradha scam and similar other scandals involving ponzi firms.
A district court on Saturday remanded both Manna and Chanda for three days in police custody.
Saradha Scam
The CBI incidentally, has been investigating the multi-crore Saradha Scam in West Bengal.
So far, it has made three arrests relating to the case that include a Debabrata Sarkar, a senior official of the East Bengal football club; Sandhir Agarwal, a city-based businessman; and, Rajat Majumdar, a former IPS officer. The fourth arrest has been that of Assamese singer Sadananda Gogoi.
It has also interrogated several Trinamool Congress MPs and leaders; apart from questioning CPI(M) leader Rabin Deb in connection with the scam.
The Saradha Group, involved in money collection and ponzi schemes across West Bengal, Bihar, Assam, Odisha and Tripura, went bust in April 2013. Its Chairman, Sudipta Sen, arrested later that month by the West Bengal police has since then been in jail.
The other high profile arrest so far in the Saradha Scam has been that of suspended Trinamool MP Kunal Ghosh. Ghosh headed the media ventures of the Saradha Group.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Prior to Jeff Bezos  visit  e-commerce war intensifiesPrior to Jeff Bezos' visit, e-commerce war intensifies
Itika Sharma Punit & Anusha Soni | New Delhi/ Bangalore Sep 27, 2014 10:38 PM IST
As Amazon founder and chief executive Jeff Bezos makes his first visit to India ahead of the festive season, Bangalore is loaded with about forty hoardings of Flipkart, six on the way from the airport and one close to Amazon's office, though none makes a direct reference to Bezos or Amazon.
"This time, it'll be a Diwali sale like never before," says a Flipkart online ad-campaign video, viral on the internet.
It all started with Flipkart and Amazon trying to outdo each other - after Flipkart announced $1-billion fund-raising in July, Amazon was quick to respond with a $2-billion investment announcement. Now, the fight has turned into a brand war.
Sachin Bansal, co-founder and chief executive of Flipkart, said Bezos's visit to India was a sign of Amazon's nervousness about the Indian e-commerce market. "It seems they (Amazon) are worried about the whole place. They are putting all efforts here, as India is the next frontier (in e-commerce), after China," he said speaking on the sidelines of a global mobile internet conference on Friday.
The sector is abuzz with rumours of Flipkart running an ad campaign called 'Welcome Mr Bezos', under which the company has advertised on strategic locations to catch the attention of the Amazon chief. But sources within the ad campaign team argue otherwise. "It is incorrect to pitch Flipkart's ad campaign against Bezos's visit. Preparations for this campaign had started at least two months ago. At that time, no one was aware of the visit. It's not like a cola war, as everyone is making it out to be," said a Flipkart official directly involved with the campaign.
Flipkart works with two advertising and marketing agencies - Lowe Lintas & Partners and Happy Creative Services (India) Pvt Ltd. while Flipkart's annual advertising budget is about Rs 75 crore, while Amazon India plans to spend Rs 100-150 crore on advertising in 2014-15, according to estimates. So far, both have pursued an omni-channel advertising strategy, with active campaigns across television, newspapers and online media.
"None of the ad-campaigns designed by Flipkart are triggered by what Amazon is dong. We have never had Flipkart tell us it wants to replicate something Amazon has done," said an official at one of the ad agencies working with Flipkart.
Another competitor in the e-commerce space, Snapdeal, views Bezos's visit in a more optimistic light. "This reaffirms our belief in the growth story of Indian e-commerce. The competition will help the market to grow," said Sandeep Komaravelly, vice-president (marketing), Snapdeal. Sources within the company say ahead of Diwali, the e-commerce firm is gearing to tackle competition with more exclusive launches and tie-ups with various brands. Experts say recent developments show the e-commerce space has moved forward from valuation games. "Earlier, aggressive branding was also about fetching higher valuations for e-commerce companies.

Haryana polls: People will have to go to jail to meet CM if INLD wins  says Hooda20
0
Chandigarh: On the heels of INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala's rally, Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Saturday took dig at him saying if he becomes chief minister, then people of the state will have to go to Tihar prison to meet him.
"Whether the Haryana Cabinet will be formed of prisoners in the Tihar jail? In that case people will have to go to jail to meet their Chief Minister," he said.
The chief minister also took on the NDA government at the Centre for rise in prices of essential commodities.
Hooda said that the BJP has failed to declare its chief ministerial candidate, while the INLD was talking of running the government from jail.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana #bhupinder singh hooda #inld
"Today everything in the country is costlier and out of reach of the people, be it onion, potato, tomato or sugar. The BJP had promised diesel at Rs 40 per litre.
"Just three months later, the government at the Centre has failed as the prices of all the essential commodities have shot up," Hooda said.
He was addressing a rally at Safidon in favour of Haryana Congress nominee Bachan Singh Arya.
Taking a dig at the Centre, the chief minister said those in power used to claim-- during the Lok Sabha polls campaigning-- that they will tackle the Chinese intrusion in the Indian territory with ease.
"What is happening now. Why the people who made such noises in the past are silent now. The farmers are suffering as the prices of pesticides have doubled in the recent past. Labourers in the country are the worst sufferers," he said.
Hooda claimed that he had served the state with all sincerity and honesty and the results were there for everyone to see in the form of numerous development works.
He also said that the BJP has failed to declare its chief ministerial candidate for Haryana, while the INLD was talking of running the government from jail.
1

Lionel Messi  Neymar fire Barcelona rout  Cristiano Ronaldo stays hotE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lionel Messi  never imagined  reaching 400-goal markE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Express 5: Jayalalithaa jailed in DA case  Modi delivers maiden speech at UNGAWe recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 9:21 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 9:25 am
We recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. BJP-SENA ALLIANCE
With talks between the party and its ally BJP stuck, a moderate gathering of Shiv Sena workers and leaders waited anxiously, hoping to hear him lay down the party’s political strategy.
READ: The ‘Bal’ Thackerays
2. JAYALALITHAA SENT TO JAIL
Tamil Nadu CM Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act and sentenced to four years in prison for accumulating wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income in 18-year-old corruption case.
READ: Law catches up with Jayalalithaa 
3. PM MODI AT UNGA
Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a firm first speech at the United Nations on Saturday, telling Pakistan to create an “appropriate environment” for serious bilateral dialogue “without the shadow of terrorism”.
4. Opinion
The fantastic achievement of Mangalyaan is a tribute to the young leadership of India’s Independence movement.
READ: Mangal ho 
5. SPORTS – Asian Games 2014
Rajat Chauhan stares longingly at the gold medal, eyes moist, before mumbling: “Meri maa ne jo zevar beche the, uske saamne yeh sona kuch nahi (this gold is worth less than the jewellery my mother had to sell).”

Rs. 1-salary as CM to allegations of Rs 66.65-cr fortune: Journey of AmmaAdored and also despised, halo falls off Jayalalithaa
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 27, 2014
First Published: 19:06 IST(27/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:41 IST(28/9/2014)
Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa’s life of power and pomp echoes much of the melodrama of the films she once acted in, a turbulent script of and falling and rising and of abuse and adulation.
 
The happy ending, however, isn’t quite in sight in the latest scene.
Watch: AIADMK supporters resort to violence after verdict
 
The 66-year-old was brought into politics in the late 1980s by former Tamil movie star and state chief minister, MG Ramachandran, better known as MGR, with whom she starred in more than 100 films.
 
Three years after MGR’s death in 1988, she took over his All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Khazagham (AIADMK) party, galvanising the support of the rural poor to become chief minister of the state thrice, the first time in 1991.
 
A Brahmin, she became chief of the Dravidian party with strong anti-Brahmin ideology. This marked an important milestone in her fascinating transformation from “Ammu” (used in Malayalam for daughter and as she was called by MGR fondly) to “Amma” (Mother to her legion of supporters).
 
Criticise or condemn her, politicians across party lines have a healthy respect for her. They fear her too.
 
Every political formation in the country, be it the Congress, the BJP or the Left, have at one time or other been fellow passengers in her political train of thought and action.
Criticism is something Jayalalithaa does not take too kindly. She has prevented publication of a book on her life story — Jayalalithaa A Portrait — by Tamil writer Vaasanthi, saying it contains highly objectionable material.
 
“She has brought a permanent injunction against publication of the book,” Vaasanthi told HT, claiming the book was favourable to her.
 
The book took two years to research and write and was ready for release to coincide with Jayalalithaa’s swearing in as chief minister in 2011. “But it may never see the light of the day now,” Vaasanthi said.
 
She found many takers for her brand of governance in her latest stint. The industry sees in her a tough and no-nonsense administrator. She, however, fell short in delivery – especially in the power sector.
 
“Distinctly, her present regime is far better than her previous two avatars as chief minister,” Ramachandran Ganapathi, an IIT Madras alumni and chairman of an IT company, says.
 
The ghost of the past that has come to haunt Jayalalithaa now can be traced to 1996. It had hurt her before, it has hurt her again.
 
The 1996 ostentatious wedding for her foster son and a lavish display of personal wealth proved to her undoing — it evoked revulsion among people and eventually cost her the elections that year.
 
And once out of power, her arch-rival DMK filed cases alleging that she amassed Rs. 66.65 crore. At the time she took just Re 1 as salary as chief minister. Critics said her assets of Rs. 3 crore in 1991 had become Rs. 66.65 crore by 1996.
 
Her display of wealth was once legendary, and many of her followers were known to profess their loyalty through acts such as walking on hot coals or drawing her portrait with their blood.
Read: Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years jail in corruption case; clashes in Tamil Nadu
 
Jayalalithaa was charged with amassing illegal wealth in 1997, when police seized assets including 28 kilos of gold, 750 pairs of shoes and more than 10,000 saris in a raid on her home.
 
Prosecutors said her assets, which reportedly included two 1,000-acre estates in the lush tropical state she ran, were vastly disproportionate to her earnings during her first term as chief minister from 1991 to 1996.
 

Maharashtra CM will be from Sena: Uddhav to BJPComments
While Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Saturday trained his guns on the BJP for the split in the 25-year-old saffron alliance, the latter chose not to engage in mud-slinging, but instead use its trump card — PM Narendra Modi — in the October 15 Assembly elections.
Speaking for the first time after the split, Uddhav launched the Sena’s poll campaign, saying the BJP ‘betrayed’ them.
Advertisement
“Today, you have broken the alliance politically, but what you have damaged is the common thread of Hindutva. No Hindu will forgive you for this… Shiv Sainiks will show you who Maharashtra belongs to,” said the Sena president, while addressing his supporters at the Mahalaxmi Race Course.
Uddhav added that the BJP was making unreasonable demands and even asking for seats that the Sena had for many years. He did not criticise Modi, but taunted BJP over the Lok Sabha polls. “Maharashtra voted strongly for Modi, but what did the Sena get in return? Betrayal?” he said.
Read: Shiv Sena and BJP: How they married and divorced
Meanwhile, BJP president Amit Shah held a closed-door meeting with the party’s state leaders, to finalise their strategy, with the polls now being a five-cornered battle.
Realising that the Sena could garner sympathy, if it accused the BJP of betrayal, Shah and state leaders decided not to counter the former’s charges on public platforms. Sources said Shah and state leaders carefully followed Uddhav’s speech.
The BJP has planned to rely heavily on Modi, to tame the Sena, which after Uddhav’s speech on Saturday, has emerged the main challenger. Other than Congress and NCP, the BJP’s major thrust will be on eating into the Sena’s votes.
Sources said Shah has assured the state BJP unit at least 15 rallies of Modi across the state. The details will be charted out after the PM returns from the US on September 30.
Replying to allegations levelled by BJP leaders that the alliance broke due to his chief ministerial ambitions, Uddhav said: “Yes, I want to get a Shiv Sena chief minister if people want it to happen. What is wrong in that? Didn’t BJP want the same?”
Significantly, Uddhav avoided making any controversial statements and also did not make any mention of the speculations about a Sena-MNS tie-up. He did, however, invoke the issue of “Marathi pride”, but did not target the Gujarati community to corner the BJP.

Agm at shorter noticeAgm at shorter notice
Army likely to replace the Indo-Tibetan Border Police in Ladakh6
1
Leh: In a significant move aimed at countering the increasing threat and incidents of incursion by China's People's Liberation Army, the Centre is contemplating replacing the ITBP by the Army, particularly in the Ladakh sector.
Maximum number of incidents of incursion have been reported here. The Army's role in handling the recent crisis at Chumar has been appreciated as it took a tough stand on the issue of not letting the PLA troops to intimidate its soldiers.
The Army had even successfully managed to set up an observation hut at a strategic location in the Chumar region. Government sources said it was the Army's prompt and immediate action that put a complete check on PLA's plans for any further advancement into the Indian territory.
The Army had even successfully managed to set up an observation hut at a strategic location in the Chumar region.
#ladakh #army #incursion #itbp
Thus, there is now a growing view in the government that the Army and not the ITBP should be made the "first line of defence'' along the India-China border.
The issue was discussed between National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and the officials of the Defence and Home Ministry.
21

India s Chain Singh takes bronze in 50m rifle 3 positionsIndia s Chain Singh takes bronze in 50m rifle 3 positions
Four TN officials leave for Bangalore to meet JayaFour TN officials leave for Bangalore to meet Jayalalithaa
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 28:  
Four key officials attached to the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister’s Secretariat today left here for Bangalore to meet Jayalalithaa, who has been awarded a four-year jail term in a graft case.
Former Chief Secretary and currently adviser to Chief Minister Sheela Balakrishnan, Secretaries Venkataraman, Ramalingam and Sudalai Kannan left by a private airliner, according to airport sources.
The reason for the meeting was not immediately known.
A special court had yesterday convicted and sentenced Jayalalithaa to undergo four years simple imprisonment and slapped a hefty fine of Rs 100 crore in a corruption case.
Jayalalithaa, aide Sasikala Natarajan, her son V N Sudhakaran and her niece Ilavarasi were also sentenced to four years.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

PM Narendra Modi calls for world peace at Global Citizen Festival in NYPrint
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi, left and Hugh Jackman speak at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at Central Park on Saturday, Sept. 27, 2014 in New York. (Source: AP)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 9:46 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 1:26 am
Taking centrestage at the Global Citizen Festival in New York’s Central Park on Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed a crowd of 60,000 — mostly American students — in English. At the end of the event, which could be described as a music concert with a strong social message, he told the cheering crowd in fading evening light against the backdrop of New York’s famous skyline: “I salute you… may the Force be with you.”
Among the thousands who heard Modi and saw his image on a giant circular screen was 22-year-old American student Jennifer Robinson. “Yes, I liked the Indian Prime Minister. He spoke about peace and blessed us all. There is also something I heard about India making toilets for all in the next few years. That’s very impressive,” she said.
Organisers of the Global Citizen Festival, which is held at Central Park every year on September 27, said that while they had already invited Modi to attend their show since he would be in New York that day, it was his August 15 Red Fort speech that clinched the issue.
“After he reiterated that he was taking up sanitation and building clean toilets as a national campaign, we knew that we needed to have him here. We exchanged tweets with him, then met members of his team, including Bharat Lal, in Delhi, and finally, met him in person. And today, just look at the way the crowds reacted to him,” said a key organiser who had visited India to firm up arrangements, but who did not want to be named.
Besides Modi, United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and World Bank President Jim Yong Kim attended the event. Among the popular musicians who participated were rapper Jay-Z, veteran British rocker Sting and the American hip-hop band The Roots. Modi personally thanked Hollywood actor Hugh Jackman, the host for the evening.
The PM told the crowd: “This is a great city. It has assimilated the world in itself. I am delighted to be here in the open Central Park and not inside a closed conference room. I feel a current of hope in this park…”
He used just the right lines for a high-profile international advocacy event attended by young people: “Some believe that the world changes with the wisdom of the old. I think that the idealism, innovation, energy and ‘can-do’ attitude of the youth is even more powerful.”
 

Mid East Portfol - Outcome of AGMMid East Portfol - Outcome of AGM
Pak Election Commission rejects rigging charges in 2013 electionsPak Election Commission rejects rigging charges in 2013 elections
Edit: S&P finally upgrades itself  after two yearsStandard and Poor’s late realisation is welcome
ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 03.04AM IST
(Moody’s had not turned…)
By upgrading India's rating from negative to stable, Standard and Poor's (S&P) has done itself a service. Moody's had not turned its outlook negative and Fitch upgraded it to stable in 2013. But India remains at the lowest level that still makes it to investment grade, according to the rating agencies. Such is the credibility of the rating agencies that when S&P cut its rating of US gilts in 2011, money flooded into these instruments and lowered the yield on them. The rater-in-chief responsible for this revealed market faith in the rating agency's credibility had to leave. The rating agencies have not yet emerged from the bad odour they acquired during the financial crisis of 2008. After all, the complex financial instruments to which they had happily accorded the highest credit rating had turned out to be toxic.
In India as well, even with S&P maintaining a negative outlook, investors poured in more than $20 billion into India in the current fiscal up to the end of August, and $30 billion in the calendar year up to end-August. But all this does not mean that the rating agencies have no credibility left or that their ratings have no impact on investment flows. Savvy investors confident of their own capacity to assess risk and return will act independently, not suffering rating agency wishy-washiness.
However, other funds, even if large in terms of the money at their disposal, might have fund managers who rely on, or are mandated by their investors to rely on, rating agency guidance. Fund flows from such pools of investible capital could flow in additional quantities to India now.
The government must stay focused on macroeconomic management. Its own domestic concerns on inflation are sufficient to make it prudent on meeting fiscal deficit targets. Demonstrable commitment to own macroeconomic targets will yield better rating results than overt concern about what the raters say. Besides, judiciary-induced uncertainty over investment decisions can adversely affect investor confidence. In the near term, the government should address the concerns created by the cancellation of 214 captive mine allocations made since 1993.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India has turned a corner both politically  economically: S&P ADYou are here: Home > Collections
India has turned a corner both politically, economically: S&P Associate Director Agost Benard
Vinay Pandey, ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 04.17AM IST
Tags:
S&P
(A decisive mandate for the BJP and…)
In April 2012, Standard & Poor's put India's sovereign rating on watch with a strong possibility of a downgrade to junk status. A massive rearguard action by the then UPA government led by its finance minister helped prevent this, but the threat remained. A decisive mandate for the BJP and several measures by the new government have persuaded S&P to upgrade the outlook on the country's rating to 'stable' from 'negative'. S&P associate director Agost Benard explained the revision in an interview with ET. Edited excerpts:
How much has the action by the new government contributed to this revision in outlook on India's rating?
The BJP government at the Centre has got a very solid mandate that will basically put an end to the policy paralysis that characterised the previous government, which was really constrained by political paralysis in parliament. So, we think with this solid mandate the BJP will be able to pursue a reforms agenda. Between the two main parties that have run India for the last 20-odd years it is the BJP that is the more business friendly compared to Congress. BJP is the one with a more pragmatic approach to economic policy making. So that was the first dimension (why) we decided to change the outlook. The second was what is increasingly becoming apparent — India has turned a corner both politically and economically.
What are the chances of an upgrade going ahead?
For India to be upgraded, it would take a combined improvement in economic growth trajectory, fiscal situation and inflation performance — a combination of all these.
In your revision, have you considered the curbs on gold and possible slippage when restrictions on gold imports are lifted?
The current account deficit has come down because of administrative measures rather than because of economic adjustment or market adjustment. Our expectations regarding gold import are that the government and central bank will not relax these measures if they think that will lead to a blowup of the current account deficit to levels which are difficult to finance. So, they will keep restrictions in place as long as necessary and then hopefully over time inflation comes down, then there will be a lesser need for gold import. People will be able to earn a real interest rate on their deposit and they will increasingly use bank deposits as a saving vehicle rather than gold. We understand that in India there is a cultural attachment to gold but what we think is that because of high inflation, gold imports are higher than they otherwise would be. Over time we expect that to decline naturally if inflation comes down and before that we don't expect administrative measures will be relaxed.
Does the revision consider strong reforms from the government and what are these reforms you expect?
We are not expecting so-called big-bang or sweeping reform measures in any area. In the short period this government has been in office they have been more inclined towards working quietly in an incremental way, doing lots of little, small things which will improve economic performance, improve investment environment, and improve fiscal profile. Reforms will happen in a more or less continuous way, little by little.
FEATURED ARTICLES

S&P s outlook upgrade will boost investor confidence: India IncAssocham
(Standard & Poor's today…)
NEW DELHI: India Inc today said ratings agency Standard & Poor's move to improve the country's outlook to stable from negative will boost investor confidence and enhance access of Indian firms to international funds.
"It will improve investor confidence and companies' access to international funds. The outlook revision was based on the strong mandate received by the new government, which has enabled it to implement policies that will revive growth and boost investments," said CII director general Chandrajit Banerjee.
Standard & Poor's today improved India's outlook to stable from negative, saying the new political formation at the Centre has the capacity to push reforms and put the country back on high growth trajectory.
"What global rating agency Standard & Poor's (S&P) has recognised today has already been acknowledged by global investors who have been pouring money into the Indian debt and stock markets for the last several months," Assocham president Rana Kapoor said.
"In fact, our markets have been the best performing. In a way, the rating agencies seem to be behind the curve when it comes to reposing faith in the Indian economy ," he added.
The revision in outlook comes ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's high profile visit to the US, which among other things, is aimed at procuring investments. Modi is scheduled to meet top US corporates.
The stable outlook, it said, reflects the agency's expectation that the newly-elected government will be able to implement reforms that spur growth, which in turn improves fiscal performance.
S&P's has affirmed the 'BBB-/A-3' sovereign credit rating on India and revised the outlook on the long-term rating to stable from negative. Stable outlook reduces risk of any possible sovereign rating downgrade.
S&P's also cautioned that it could lower the rating in case the government's structural reform agenda stalls such that economic growth does not accelerate, or fiscal and debt ratios fail to improve.
After taking over as Prime Minister in May, Modi has launched a host of initiatives, including 'Make in India' campaign to ease business environment and fetch foreign direct investments.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CM Chavan tenders resignation; state heads for President’s ruleYou are here: Home > Collections
Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan tenders resignation; state heads for President’s rule
ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 05.22AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Pawar
(Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan too…)
MUMBAI: Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan has tendered his resignation to state Governor Vidyasagar Rao . The CM met the Governor on Friday and announced that he is stepping down. This is an indication that Maharashtra is headed for President's rule. The state is going to polls on October 15 and results will be out on 19th. This process will happen now under President's rule. These developments happened after NCP which shared power with the Congress withdrew its support to the Congress led government.
Earlier on Friday a BJP delegation led by Eknath Khadse met the state Governor on and requested him to recommend President's rule in Maharashtra after State Deputy Chief Minister and NCP leader Ajit Pawar announced that he and some of his cabinet colleagues would be resigning from the government and NCP would be withdrawing support to the Congress government. Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan too had met the Governor in the morning to apprise him of the political developments in the state.
The Election commission has imposed model code of conduct in the state following the notification issued on 20th September of holding assembly elections in the state. In such a condition the incumbent government continues in caretaker capacity but is not supposed to take any policy decisions. However if President's rule is imposed then the caretaker government loses all its executive powers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold Prices Decline by Rs 320 on Fall in Demand  Global CuesYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Prices Down Rs 320 at Rs 27,230 on Fall in Demand, Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 27, 2014 15:27 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: After the previous day's sharp rise, gold prices fell back by Rs 320 to Rs 27,230 per 10 grams in the national capital on Saturday as demand eased at prevailing higher levels coupled with a weak global trend.
Silver also declined by Rs 365 to Rs 39,535 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said a fall in demand at existing higher level and a weak global trend where gold fell after a report showed that the US economy expanded last quarter at the fastest rate since 2011, crimping demand for the metal as an alternative investment, mainly kept pressure on precious metals prices.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.5 per cent to $1,215.40 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 320 each to Rs 27,230 and Rs 27,030 per ten gram respectively. It had recorded the second biggest gain this year by surging Rs 590 in Friday's trade.
Sovereign, however, maintained a steady trend at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Silver ready traded lower by Rs 365 to Rs 39,535 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 370 to Rs 39,170 per kg. The white metal had gained Rs 550 in the previous session.
Meanwhile, silver coins continued to be traded at last level of Rs 69,000 for buying and Rs 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 15:25 (IST)

Markets Week Ahead: RBI Policy Review Key After S&P s Outlook UpgradeStocks, the rupee, and bonds are likely to be boosted after Standard & Poor's (S&P) raised India's outlook to 'stable' from 'negative'.
However, caution is expected ahead of RBI policy review on Tuesday.
The RBI is seen holding rates and the next rate cut is seen only in April-June 2015.
Volatility is also expected as banks square off books ahead of the end of the quarter.
Markets are closed on holiday from Thursday to Monday due to festivals.
For bonds, some support is seen after the government says it will undertake "substantial" switch/buyback operations of bonds.
Government says will borrow Rs 2.40 lakh crore ($39.25 billion) via bonds in the second half of 2014-15. The borrowing target is within expectations.
For shares, window-dressing by funds could spark some buying on recent gainers such as midcaps.
Key events to watch
India's external debt data is expected during the week, for which no date is fixed.
The RBI's monetary policy review is scheduled for Tuesday, September 30.
On Thursday, the markets will be closed.
The week will end with the Reserve Bank's foreign exchange reserves data on Friday. Bank loan growth data is also expected while the markets will remain closed.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Take It To The LatheTake It To The Lathe
USD 10 000 reward for serving summons to ModiUSD 10 000 reward for serving summons to Modi
Ahead of Durga Puja festival  Vrindavan widows visit Kumartulipicture  others
Ahead of Durga Puja festival, Vrindavan widows visit Kumartuli
Ahead of Durga Puja festival in Kolkata, these widows  from Vrindavan made a visit to Kumartuli, Kolkata on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
During their visit to  Kumartali in Kolkata, Vrindavan widows look excited as they take part in festive preparations on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Vrindavan widows at one of the famous idol making hubs Kumartuli in Kolkata on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Widows worshiping Goddess Durga during their visit to Kumartuli in Kolkata, Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Vrindavan widows get into spiritual mood as they worship Goddess Durga in Kumartuli, Kolkata on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Widows chanting mantras as they worship the idol in Kolkata on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Related

CBEC should develop a vision  strategic plan for Customs department: TARCWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

FTIL inks technology pact with MCXFTIL inks technology pact with MCX
BS Reporter |  Sep 27, 2014 09:02 PM IST
Financial Technologies (India) said in a statement to the BSE that it has entered into a supplementary agreement (master amendment to the principal agreements) for providing software support and managed services to the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) valid until 2022. The agreement, however, is renewable as may be mutually agreed between the parties.
The revised fee negotiated as fixed charges of Rs 1.5 crore a month including managed service payable in advance on semiannual basis. Also, variable charges are negotiated at 10.3 per cent of gross transaction fees, by whatever named called to be paid in 30 days. This pact paves the way for FTIL's complete exit from MCX, an exchange promoted by it. The revised pact was pre-condition to sell 15 per cent stake to Kotak Mahindra Bank.

OVL ties up with Mexican company for explorationOVL ties up with Mexican company for exploration
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 27, 2014 10:39 PM IST
ONGC Videsh Limited (ONGC Videsh) and Pemex-Exploracion Y Produccion, the upstream subsidiary of Pemex, the National Oil Company of Mexico, have entered into a memorandum of understanding and cooperation (MOU) to cooperate in the hydrocarbon sector in Mexico.
The MOU was signed by Anil Bhandari, director (exploration), on behalf of ONGC Videsh and Gustavo Hernandez Garcia, director general, on behalf of Pemex –Exploracion Y Produccion at Cancun, Mexico on the side-lines of World National Oil Companies Congress- Americas being held in Cancun.
The MOU was signed in presence of Emilio Lozoya, the Chief Executive Officer of Pemex. Under the MOU, the two companies plan to discuss future cooperation and collaboration in the upstream sector in Mexico.
The MOU also envisages cooperation in the fields of technology, human resources, research & development. Mexico is the largest crude oil producing country in Latin America. It has excellent potential for both conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon.

Full text of PM Modi s speech at UNGAFull text of PM Modi's speech at UNGA
 |  Sep 27, 2014 11:59 PM IST
Full text of the Prime Minister's speech at the United Nations General Assembly:
Mr. President and distinguished delegates,
Let me first congratulate you on your election as the President of the 69th session of United Nations General Assembly.
It is a truly a great honour to address you for the first time as the Prime Minister of India. I stand here conscious of the hopes and expectations of the people of India. I am also mindful of the expectations of the world from 1.25 billion people. India is a country that constitutes one-sixth of humanity; a nation experiencing economic and social transformation on a scale rarely seen in history.
Every nation's world view is shaped by its civilization and philosophical tradition. India's ancient wisdom sees the world as one family. It is this timeless current of thought that gives India an unwavering belief in multilateralism.
Today, as I stand here, I am equally aware of the hopes that are pinned on this great assembly. I am struck by the sacred belief that brought us together. An extraordinary vision and a clear recognition of our shared destiny brought us together to build this institution for advancing peace and security, the rights of every human being and economic development for all. From 51 nations then, today 193 sovereign flaÿs flv at thiÿ hope.
We have achieved much in the past six decades in our mission in ending wars, preventing conflict, maintaining peace, feeding the hungry, striving to save our planet and creating opportunities for children. 69 UN peacekeeping missions since 1948 have made the blue helmet the colour of peace.
Today, there is a surge of democracy across the world; including in South Asia; in Afghanistan, we are at a historic moment of democratic transition and affirmation of unity. Afghans are showing that their desire for a peaceful and democratic future will prevail over violence. Nepal has moved from violence to peace and democracy; Bhutan's young democracy is flourishing. Democracy is trying to find a voice in West Asia and North Africa; Tunisia's success makes us believe that it is possible.
There is a new stirring for stability, progress and progress in Africa. There is unprecedented spread of prosperity in Asia and beyond, rising on the strength of peace and stability. Latin America, a continent of enormous potential, is coming together in shared pursuit of stability and prosperity, which could make it an important anchor of the world. India desires a peaceful and stable environment for its development. A nation's destiny is linked to its neighbourhood. That is why my Government has placed the highest priority on advancing friendship and cooperation with her neighbours.
This includes Pakistan. I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism, to promote our friendship and cooperation. However, Pakistan must also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment. Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between ourtwo countries. Instead, today, we should be thinking about the victims of floods in Jammu and Kashmir. In India, we have organized massive flood relief operations and have also offered assistance for Pakistan Occupied Kashmir.
India is part of the developing world, but we are prepared to share our modest resources with those countries that need this assistance as much as we do.
This is a time of great flux and change. The world is witnessing tensions and turmoil on a scale rarely seen in recent history. There are no major wars, but tensions and conflicts abound; and, there is absence of real peace and uncertainty about the future. An integrating Asia Pacific region is still concerned about maritime security that is fundamental to its future. Europe faces risk of new division. In West Asia, extremism and fault lines are growing. Our own region continues to face the destabilizing threat of terrorism. Africa faces the twin threat of rising terrorism and a health crisis. Terrorism is taking new shape and new name. No country, big or small, in the north or the south, east or west, is free from its threat.
Are we really making concerted international efforts to fight these forces, or are we still hobbled by our politics, our divisions, our discrimination between countries.
We welcome efforts to combat terrorism's resurgence in West Asia, which is affecting countries near and far. The effort should involve the support of al! countries in the region. Today, even as seas, space and cyber space have become new instruments of prosperity, they could also become a new theatre of conflicts.
Today, more than ever, the need for an international compact, which is the foundation of the United Nations, is stronger than before. While we speak of an interdependent world, have we become more united as nations? Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All? On the one side, we say that our destinies are inter-linked, on the other hand we still think in terms of zero sum game. If the other benefits, I stand to lose.
It is easy to be cynical and say nothing will change; but if we do that, we run the risk of shirking our responsibilities and we put our collective future in danger.
Let us bring ourselves in tune with the call of our times.
First, let us work for genuine peace, No one country or group of countries can determine the course of this world. There has to be a genuine international partnership. This is not just a moral position, but a practical reality. We need a genuine dialogue and engagement between countries. I say this from the conviction of the philosophical tradition that I come from.
Our efforts must begin here - in the United Nations.
We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative. Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won't be effective in the 21st. It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.
We should put aside our differences and mount a concerted international effort to combat terrorism and extremism. As a symbol of this effort, I urge you to adopt the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
We should ensure that there will be peace, stability and order in the outer space and cyber space. We should work together to ensure that all countries observe international rules and norms. Let us continue redouble our efforts to pursue universal global disarmament and nonproliferation.
ALSO READ:  Five key takeaways from PM Modi's UNGA address
Second, we must pursue a more stable and inclusive global development Globalisation has created new poles of growth; new industries; and new source of employment.
At the same time, billions live on the edge of poverty and want; countries that are barely able to survive a global economic storm.
There has never been a time when it has seemed more possible than now to change this. Technology has made things possible; the cost of providing it has reduced. We no longer are totally dependent on bricks and mortars.
If you think of the speed with which Facebook or Twitter has spread around the world, if you think of the speed with which cell phones have spread, then you must also believe that development and empowerment can spread with the same speed.
Each country must of course take its own national measures; each government must fulfill its responsibility to support growth and development. At the same time, we also require a genuine international partnership. At one level, it means a better coordination of policy so that our efforts becomes mutually supportive, not mutually damaging.
It also means that when we craft agreements on international trade, we accommodate each other's concerns and interests.
When we think of the scale of want in the world - 2.5 billion people without access to basic sanitation; 1.3 billion people without access to electricity; or 1.1 billion people without access to drinking water, we need a more comprehensive and concerted direct international action.
In India, the most important aspects of my development agenda are precisely to focus on these issues. The eradication of poverty must remain at the core of the Post-am5 Development Agenda and command our fullest attention. Third, we must seek a more habitable and sustainable world.
I want to say three things.
One, we should be honest in shouldering our responsibilities in meeting the challenges. The world had agreed on a beautiful balance of collective action - common but differentiated responsibilities. That should form the basis of continued action. This also means that the developed countries must fulfill their commitments for funding and technology transfer.
Second, national action is imperative. Technology has made many things possible. We need imagination and commitment. India is prepared to share its technology and capabilities, just as we have announced a free satellite for the SAARC countries.
Third, we need to change our lifestyles. Energy not consumed is the cleanest energy.
We can achieve the same level of development, prosperity and well being without necessarily going down the path of reckless consumption. It doesn't mean that economies will suffer; it will mean that our economies will take on a different character. For us in India, respect for nature is an integral part of spiritualism. We treat nature's bounties as sacred.
Yoga is an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition. Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfillment; harmony between man and nature; a holistie approach to health and well being. It is not about exercise but to discover the sense of oneness with yourself, the world and the nature. By changing our lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change.
Let us work towards adopting an International Yoga Day.
Finally,
We are at a historic moment. Every age is defined by its character; and, each generation is remembered for how it rose together to meet its challenges. We have that responsibility to rise to our challenges now. Nowhere is this more pronounced than in this great assembly.
Next year we will be seventy, we should ask ourselves whether we should wait until we are 80 or 100. Let us fulfill our promise to reform the United Nations Security Council by 2o15. Let us fulfill our pledge on a Post-2o15 Development Agenda so that there is new hope and belief in us around the world. Let us make 2m5 also a new watershed for a sustainable world. Let it be the beginning of a new journey together.
Thank you

VM Sudheeran: Man responsible for Kerala s l...Congress
(Sudheeran’s dissident…)
In Kerala, Congress' VM Sudheeran is first among equals amidst a handful of politicians who have assiduously cultivated a clean, incorruptible image. A person with such impeccable credentials should have been the natural choice for the president of Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC) when Ramesh Chennithala vacated the post early this year. Yet, when the Congress high command chose Sudheeran, the decision caught many party faithful, opponents as well as the nonpartisan public by surprise.
"We thought that speaker G Karthikeyan would become KPCC chief," said a senior party member.
Kerala being Kerala and the Congress in Kerala a unique polity of sorts, Sudheeran's name was not recommended from the state as he was not part of any 'group' — there are too many factions to count, but to name a few, there is an 'A' group affiliated to Antony, 'I' group associated with the late chief minister K Karunakaran, and lately, a Chandy group (Oommen Chandy, the chief minister) and a Chennithala group (the last two groups do not operate openly) and so on — within the party.
It is often said — in half jest — that the Congress in Kerala has more generals than foot soldiers, but Sudheeran has been an almost solitary nonconformist to the 'groupism' that has pervaded Congress in Kerala.
Party workers say it was Sudheeran's strong views and uncompromising stands that kept him away from all groups in the state Congress. When issues close to his heart — apart from prohibition, there are environmental issues, organic farming, secularism and non-violence — were debated in KPCC, he would strongly criticize even the senior-most members (the only person that Sudheeran has spared happens to be Antony). It may then not surprise that before he was handpicked to head the Congress in Kerala, Sudheeran had been cooling his heels in political isolation for a decade.
Age-old Dissident
Sudheeran's dissident streak again came to the fore not long after he became party boss when he put his foot down against the renewal of licences to 418 liquor bars. (This was after a Comptroller and Auditor General performance audit report for 2010-11 revealed that they had poor infrastructure.) Sudheeran's demand finally led to the closure of all liquor bars.
His stand surprised few. Congress' Pandalam Sudhakaran said Sudheeran could keep a separate identity even when he was a student politician — Sudheeran became the Kerala Students Union president in 1971 and Youth Congress president in 1975 — because of his strong views on socially relevant issues. "He once resigned from the post of KPCC general secretary as he could not agree with the general decision," said Sudhakaran.
Such examples are legion. In the mid-1980s, Sudheeran, who hails from the Thrissur district of Kerala, became the speaker in the Karunakaran ministry. Senior Congressmen remember that in those days many of Sudheeran's rulings were against the ruling party. The shrewd politician Karunakaran was, he had to finally seek the removal of Sudheeran as speaker (Sudheeran remained speaker for two years though).
Even members of the Opposition parties see Sudheeran as a no-nonsense politician who is unwavering in his ideals and beliefs. MM Lawrence of the CPM admitted that he was initially impressed by Sudheeran's "progressive outlook". "But the liquor prohibition that he advocates is an ill-advised move," he said. "It is not practical though it might improve his image and might help him to get the [Congress] high command's support for a higher post."
Nonetheless, Sudheeran has been known to be outspoken. He has steadfastly fought against politically sensitive issues such as endosulfan pesticide residue problems in Kasargod district and a proposal to build an airport in Aranmula.
Despite what many see as a dogmatic streak, Sudheeran received the support of all group members after he was named KPCC chief. It helped him finalize the candidates for the parliament election with little interference and also to keep group politics in check (the state was one of the few places where Congress wasn't trounced in the Lok Sabha elections).
But it is also true that his popularity within the party has dimmed due to his firm stand against liquor bars. Outside party forums, Sudheeran has faced flak for "trying to be another VS Achuthanandan" (the CPM member is also famous for taking tough stands, at the risk of earning his party's wrath). The implied allegation is that Sudheeran, like Achuthanandan, is trying to improve his image by putting his party on the defensive.

A project to kickstart peoples sceptical reflexUpdated: September 27, 2014 23:05 IST
A project to ‘kickstart people’s sceptical reflex’
Monica Mark
REUTERS A man washes his hands in an area in Abuja earlier in the month.
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
What do these statements about Africa have in common? A white farmer is killed every five days in South Africa. Earlier this year Nigerian Islamists Boko Haram burnt 375 Christians alive. The Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) is the rape capital of the world. Johannesburg is the world’s biggest man-made forest.
Answer: despite being widely accepted, none of them is true. In an age when information cascades down Twitter feeds by the millisecond, it is increasingly difficult to sieve for facts, especially when it relates to much of Africa.
Step forward newcomer websites such as BudgIT and Africa Check, who are hoping to usher in the kind of non-partisan data and fact-checking services made popular by the likes of PolitiFact and others in the West.
Their daunting tasks range from tackling the sort of popular myths which once led outsiders to cast Africa as a land of giant birds and cannibals, to taking on officials in countries where data is often sketchy and accountability even more so. By poking holes in accepted narratives, the websites’ creators hope to “kickstart people’s sceptical reflex,” said Peter Cunliffe-Jones, an Africa Check founder and journalist who formerly worked in Nigeria.
That country has a particularly fearsome reputation when it comes to sorting fact from fiction. This week, the military claimed — for a second time — that dozens of almost 300 schoolgirls kidnapped by Islamists Boko Haram had been freed amid an “ongoing” rescue operation. None had been, and the statement was later retracted.
The fledgling website, headquartered in the journalism department of Johannesburg’s Witwatersrand University, hopes to foster a culture where even simple statements can be verified before they are picked up by local newspapers, and sometimes foreign ones.
Misinformation can have severe practical consequences. That has recently been illustrated in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, where many people’s initial conviction that the Ebola outbreak was a hoax created by their governments to plunder public coffers led to them disregarding health warnings.
Inaccurate media reports are hardly limited to Africa, but there’s a greater chance of international newspapers getting things wrong — and not admitting so — when it comes to the continent, Ms. Seay said.
Around half of Africa Check’s investigations are triggered by readers wanting to know anything from the veracity of claims made by pop stars to supposed disease-busting local herbs.
Operating out of Lagos and Johannesburg, the not-for-profit organisation funded by grants and individual donations has a team of five full-timers working alongside volunteers and freelancers, and hopes to expand to Kenya and Senegal next. Anton Harber, a highly-regarded South African former investigative journalist and co-founder of the project, explained its ultimate aim. “I imagine a situation in which every public figure and journalist feels nervous about what they say or write because Africa Check might just catch them out.” — © Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

Krishnan & Meena Ganesh: Husband-wife duo with 100% success rate in start-up worldEntrepreneurship
(They are investors, mentors…)
This is the best office we have had," he lets on. As you enter the three-storied building in Domlur, a suburb in Bangalore, you're tempted to wonder whether K Ganesh, one half of India's most successful serial entrepreneur couple, is pulling a fast one — a narrow staircase, a cramped reception, and a virtually bare cabin small enough to remind you about those 'yo mama' jokes (yo mama's house is so small she eats her meals off a dime) rather than the cool start-up offices you're accustomed to reading about (casual seating, snack-filled kitchens, gaming spaces, graffiti-ed walls et al).
It's only a board pinned casually on the wall that assures you that you're in the right place; at what is clearly the right time for the 52-year-old Ganesh, and his 51-year-old wife Meena: It reads: 'Portea, Homelane, Bigbasket, Bluestone, Avagmah'.
That, in a line, sums up the uniqueness of the Ganeshes' entrepreneurial journey: five scorching start-ups in various stages of growth that the husband-wife duo are nurturing — as passionately and obsessively as they had reared four other ventures since the early '90s that they have now exited, and made a cool stash in the process (see The Exits).
The last exit was easily the biggest, when in 2011 Pearson acquired TutorVista, which the Ganeshes set up in 2006 with an investment of Rs 50 lakh. Pearson acquired the online tutoring firm for Rs 1,000 crore. Even as they stoke the growth fires at their five startups that are currently in play, another five are in stealth mode; at least three of those are set for a launch before the year-end. One of them is a start-up called Freshgrub, which will supply meals and ready-to-eat foods to homes and offices.
Angel Investors, Too
That's a lot on their plate, right? But that's not all. Alongside, the Ganeshes also find time to play angel investor in at least 23 start-ups, at last count. These range from Little Eye Labs, which builds performance analysis and monitoring tools, and which was acquired by Facebook; to OnlinePrasad. com, which home-delivers prasad from some 50 temples.
Say hello to the couple that has its hands full investing, strategizing, managing, mentoring — and, of course, exiting when the iron is hot. Executives in the venture capital and private equity industry peg the success rate of the start-ups the Ganeshes have been involved in at an astounding 100%; the global start-up success rate in contrast is just 5%. Small wonder then the Ganeshes have a few of India's biggest and most respected industrialists buying into their ventures.
Consider one of them: in the July of 2014, the chairman emeritus of one of the India's biggest conglomerates met the CEO of Blue-Stone.com, an online fine jewellery portal that the Ganeshes flagged off in 2012. "We met him. He got very interested. He liked BlueStone's business model — a one-stop shop for jewellery design, manufacturing and retailing which helps it cut middle men and offer better business margins," says Blue-Stone CEO Gaurav Singh Kushwaha.
 
After another meeting, the 76-year-old industrialist agreed to become co-investor along with private equity firms like Accel Partners, Sama Capital and Kalaari Capital. Oh, and in case you haven't guessed by now who this investor is, it's a certain Ratan Naval Tata.
Along with investors, the Ganeshes also have their fans amongst the doyens of India Inc. Take, for instance, Shiv Nadar, founder of HCL, with whom Ganesh worked in the early days of his career, in the mid to late '80s.
"I believe that a successful entrepreneur is one who is able to make the most of a particular environment — identify opportunities and create solutions. Ganesh's sharp knack to connect the dots allows him to create something new and relevant all the time," explains the chairman of HCL and the Shiv Nadar Foundation.
What particularly sets him apart is his ability to constantly accept feedback — to assess, reassess and introspect continuously and remain positive, he adds. "Both he and Meena are very quick thinkers too."
Midas Touch
Some of those qualities were in ample evidence when, last August, the Ganeshes launched a home healthcare services company called Portea Medical. Today, that company has a workforce of over 1,000, a presence in 18 cities and makes over 25,000 home visits a month. That's impressive enough for three investors — Ventureast, Accel and Qualcomm Ventures — to come aboard.
"The way they planned Portea and scaled it up so quickly is impressive," says Infosys co-founder Nandan Nilekani. "What is also impressive is that they enter a new field, put together a team and inevitably become successful in whichever area they get into," he adds.

DA case: Jaya s career hasn t been bed of roses | Cunha: Judge who made historyJ Jayalalithaa's political career hasn't been a bed of roses
V Prem Shanker & K R Balasubramanyam, ET Bureau Sep 28, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
DMK
(Like films, J Jayalalithaa's…)
Life, unlike movies, doesn't always deliver happy endings. Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in prison by a Bangalore court in the disproportionate assets case. Her life is nothing short of the superhit melodramas she starred in as an actress.
Jayalalithaa was a toddler when she lost her father Jayaram. Her mother Sandhya later introduced the 15-year-old Jayalalithaa to the Tamil film industry. Jayalalithaa's film career started on a high as her first film Vennira Aadai (White Dress) became a big hit.
Jayalalithaa's first film with MG Ramachandran Aayirathil Oruvan (One Among Thousands) was a runaway hit and gave the Tamil film industry a superhit pairing. The duo would go on and redraw the political contours of Tamil Nadu.
Politics, relatively, was tougher. In 1989, when Jayalalithaa first entered the assembly and became the opposition leader, the ruling DMK was intolerant of an Opposition led by the young actress turned politician. On the day of the state budget, heated arguments between then chief minister M Karunanidhi and Jayalalithaa led to violence in the house. It was a free-for-all with members on both sides hurling abuses and shoes, and a minister even pulled Jayalalithaa's saree. In the next assembly election in 1991, her party, in a pre-poll alliance with the Congress, wrested power and made her the CM.
In her initial days, she pursued a politics starkly different from that of the DMK. In the 1990s, the Tamil Tigers were at the pinnacle of their popularity, enjoying popular support.
She, however, ruthlessly went after the LTTE cadre and supporters. But her five-year reign was marred by allegations of corruption and ill-governance. The defeat in the 1996 election was humiliating. Having lost herself and with just four MLAs, she withdrew into a shell for some time. In the following years, she focussed on fighting an aggressive DMK and corruption cases booked against her.
In 2001, when she became chief minister for a second time, one of the first things she did was to order the arrest of her predecessor Karunanidhi. In September 2001, Jayalalithaa had to step aside and pick a junior aide O Paneerselvam as a stand-in candidate after the Supreme Court termed her nomination as CM unconstitutional. The apex court had famously observed that the people's mandate cannot subvert the constitution.
In the subsequent year, she cleared her name in the graft case that led to her disqualification and reclaimed her chair.
  Toward the end of her second term (2001-2006), she took some unpopular but tough decisions like dismissing thousands of government employees en masse. She even appeared to move toward the BJP when she attempted to enact an anti-conversion legislation. These decisions she later reversed.
In the 2006 election, she lost power only to return five years later and become chief minister for a third term in 2011.
Jayalalithaa has exhibited a keen understanding of politics. She dumped the Congress long ago — recently she even recommended the release of Rajiv Gandhi's killers from the Vellore prison after the Supreme Court commuted their death sentence to life. That was a shrewd political move ahead of the Lok Sabha polls.
In the run-up to the May 2014 polls, there was apprehension even among members of the AIADMK that not allying with the BJP may cost the party dear. But Jayalalithaa's decision to depend only on her popularity paid off — the AIADMK won 37 out of 39 seats in the state — displaying her understanding of and grip over the state's electorate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian Games: India clinch Gold  Bronze in archery;Chain Singh bags 50m Rifle 3 PAsian Games: India clinch Gold  Bronze in archery;Chain Singh bags 50m Rifle 3 P
Pimco looks to staunch outflowsPimco looks to stem outflows after shock exit of Bill Gross
By Tom Braithwaite, Tracy Alloway and Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72457c30-46b5-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt to do random air tickets check to curb ...Centre to do random checks of air tickets to curb LTC misuse
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 09.23AM IST
(Central government staff…)
NEW DELHI: All central government departments have been asked to carry out random checks of air tickets submitted by their employees to stop any misuse of Leave Travel Concession (LTC) claims.
Central government staff have been warned that a "serious" view would be taken of any misuse of LTC claims and appropriate action will be initiated in such cases.
"In order to check any misuse of LTC, ministries or departments are advised to randomly get some of the air tickets submitted by the officials verified from the airlines concerned with regard to the actual cost of air travel vis-a- vis the cost indicated on the air tickets," the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) said in an order.
It advised the ministries or departments to caution their employees that any misuse of LTC would be viewed seriously and is liable for appropriate action under the rules.
According to rules, any government employee found guilty of preferring a fraudulent LTC claim may be penalised and barred from getting travel allowance for the next two or three years.
CBI has registered at least seven cases to probe fake travel bill cases or 'LTC scam' allegedly involving government employees and present and former Members of Parliament.
The matter of such irregularities came to light following an inquiry by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) on the alleged misuse of LTC facility by government employees.
Following a preliminary inquiry into the matter, the CVC had written to Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth citing alleged irregularities and misuse in the availing of LTC by officials of the central government, its public enterprises and public sector banks.
The matter was also referred to CBI for a detailed investigation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

North Korea denounces United Nations as a  forum of liesPrint
North Korean soldiers salute their dictator Kim Jong Il. (Source: ExpressArchive)
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:04 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 10:06 am
North Korea’s foreign minister berated the UN Security Council as a forum of lies and double standards, in the first UN address by a top Pyongyang official in 15 years. Foreign Minister Ri Su Yong on Saturday called for reforming the UN Security Council, which has imposed tough sanctions on North Korea over its suspect nuclear program and missile launches.
“The Security Council should no longer serve as a forum for telling lies,” Ri told the UN General Assembly. The foreign minister accused the top body of turning a blind eye to civilian deaths in Gaza from Israeli attacks while punishing Syria over the conflict on its territory.
He said the top body was “showcasing the extreme manifestation of the double standard” and said no action should be taken against Syria “under the disguise of counter-terrorism,” in a reference to US-led airstrikes against jihadists. The foreign minister assailed the United States over joint exercises it held with South Korea in August and recounted that the 15-member council refused to consider Pyongyang’s
request to suspend the war exercises.
Turning to North Korea’s nuclear program, the foreign minister asserted that US “hostile policy” had led to Pyongyang’s decision to develop nuclear weapons. “The nuclear deterrent of the DPRK is not intended to threaten or attack others,” he said. “Neither is it a
bargaining chip to be exchanged for something else.”
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi earlier called for a resumption of six-party talks on North Korea’s nuclear program, in his address to the 193-nation Assembly. A report this month by the UN nuclear watchdog raised alarm over North Korea, saying the reactor at the Yongbyon
nuclear site may be operational again.
The reactor is capable of giving North Korea, which has carried out three nuclear tests, six kilos (13 pounds) of plutonium a year — enough for one nuclear bomb, experts say. Already under crippling sanctions since 2006, Pyongyang was hit by fresh UN punitive measures in March 2013 over its third nuclear test.
The first address by a top North Korean official to the United Nations in 15 years was delivered amid state media reports that leader Kim Jong-Un was suffering a bout of ill health.

Officer shot in area around strife-hit U.S city of FergusonA small group of people protest outside the police station Friday, Sept. 26, 2014, in Ferguson (Source: AP)
Reuters | Missouri | Posted: September 28, 2014 9:54 am
A police officer was shot on Saturday in the area around the troubled U.S. city of Ferguson, Missouri, but his injuries were not life-threatening, the Missouri Department of Public Safety said.
“A search is under way for the suspect in the shooting of the officer,” it said, adding the incident took place at a community center slightly removed from main protest areas.
Missouri broadcaster KSDK said the officer was shot in the arm.
Ferguson, a St. Louis suburb, saw days of racially charged protests after black teenager Michael Brown was shot dead by  white police officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9.
On Thursday, Ferguson police chief Tom Jackson issued a video apology to Brown’s parents following weeks of heavy criticism and calls for his ouster.
The apology was not well-received among some and led to reported protests hours after it was issued.
There have been bursts of violence during weeks of protests in Ferguson, a mostly black community of 21,000, since Brown’s death. Many have called for Jackson to be fired for what they saw as a heavy-handed response in the aftermath of the killing.

DLF under scanner for alleged service tax ev...DLF under scanner for alleged service tax evasion of Rs 30 crore
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Central Excise Intelligence
(Real estate major DLF has…)
NEW DELHI: Real estate major DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
A case against DLF has been registered by the Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) for alleged non -payment of service tax over transfer of development rights to other firms, official sources said.
The liability for payment of service tax is on the owners who transfer land to others. DLF did not discharge its service tax liability on the consideration received towards transfer of the development rights of its land, they said.
When contacted by PTI, DLF denied any charge of service tax evasion by it and any of its group companies.
"We will like to deny any charges of evasion of service tax by any group company. The matter of development rights has been under discussion with the tax authorities because development rights are a part of an immovable property and hence not subject to service tax.
"We adhere to the highest standards of compliance in all tax matters and are hopeful of an early and satisfactory resolution of this issue with them," a DLF spokesperson said.
During the course of investigation, tax officials also found that DLF has entered into an arrangement with various land-owning companies, which are its subsidiaries, for transfer of development rights by them to it, the sources said.
DLF has also made payment to such companies for the same. However, these land-owning subsidiaries of DLF are neither registered under the service tax laws nor have they discharged their service tax liability on the transfer of development rights to it, the sources added.
DGCEI officials have also visited the offices of DLF in this regard, they said.
The alleged service tax evasion by DLF and its subsidiaries is to the tune of about Rs 30 crore. DLF has voluntary deposited Rs 5 crore towards the service tax liability, they said.
Further investigation in the case is going on, the sources added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

His music bloomed across the borderUpdated: September 28, 2014 11:18 IST
His music bloomed across the border
K. A. Shaji
Special arrangement The former Maharashtra Governor K. Sankaranarayanan and playback singer Unni Menon at a cultural extravaganza organised by the Palakkad chapter of the Swaralaya on Saturday to celebrate the singer’s 33 years of musical career.
Unni Menon gives credit to Kollywood for his achievements
He has sung 3,000-odd songs in all south Indian languages in three decades. Yet, playback singer Unni Menon still marvels at his fortune. “I used to bunk work and bribe security guards to enter recording studios to listen to great singers of south Indian cinema.
In the beginning, listening music was an escape from the boredom of work. Sheer providence gave a youngster with no professional training a chance to sing for films. It was a great beginning, singing trial tracks for Yesudas,” Unni Menon went down memory lane during a brief interaction with The Hindu on the sidelines of a music event in Palakkad, celebrating his 33 years as playback singer.
Hailing from Palakkad, Unni Menon migrated to Chennai long back as an engineer with Avadi’s Heavy Vehicles Factory. 
Though music director B.A. Chidambaranath introduced him to film music in 1981, it was his rendition of ‘Pudhu vellai mazhai’ for Mani Ratnam’s film Roja in 1991 that pushed him to limelight in Tamil industry.
“A.R. Rahman called me around midnight one day with the offer for that song. It was the beginning of a rare camaraderie. Till then, I had never been introduced to him. I knew him as the young man who was assisting music director Ouseppachan and had seen him in studios. When he asked me to sing in his debut project, I did not refuse,” says the singer, who gives credit for discovering the musician in him to Benjamin alias Benni Master of BEM Lower Primary School, Palakkad. The teacher, now in his eighties, made him part of the school orchestra and that was the beginning.
However, the singer owes his accomplishments to the Tamil tinsel world.
“The respect you get in Tamil film world is matchless. It is least affected by cliques and caucuses,” he says. The singer, who won many Malayali hearts through his ‘Oru chembaneer pooviruthu njan omale,’ feels that Malayalam cinema has reached at a point where songs and singers have become dispensable. “The importance of lyrics in film music is fading. Songs are not picturised in conformity with the flow of the music. Talented music directors are also getting sidelined,” he said.

Modi s US visit builds on peoples  positive feelings: SurveyModi s US visit builds on peoples  positive feelings: Survey
Blackberry s stock rises by almost 5 percent as firm reports lower than expected loss in Q2Blackberry s stock rises by almost 5 percent as firm reports lower than expected loss in Q2
J&K: Srinagar hospitals may take a month to restore opsYou are here: Home > Collections > Srinagar
Jammu and Kashmir floods: Srinagar hospitals may take a month to restore services
Masood Hussain, ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 05.18AM IST
(The impact of inundation…)
SRINAGAR: Doctors and paramedics joined volunteers in clearing six-inch nauseating slush that this month's devastating floods left in Srinagar's six major state-run hospitals. Temporary outpatient departments have started functioning, but healthcare officials say it may take a month to restore normal services.
"We have started the OPD on the third floor and we are cleaning the second floor for admitting critical cases," said Muneer Masoodi, who administers the GB Pant Pediatric Hospital, the first facility that sunk in the night of September 7. "Routine functioning of the hospital will take nearly 20 days."
With patients, attendants and doctors trapped inside, the city's main hospitals crippled within a few hours of Jhelum breaching its dykes. The Bone and Joints Hospital suffered a day ahead as a torrent breached into it. Then the waters gushed into the others hospitals downstream: the Children's Hospital, Lala Ded Maternity Hospital, the main SMHS hospital, Gousia Hospital and, finally, the Jhelum Valley Medical College Hospital. In between fell six privately run hospitals.
The impact of inundation was the same and abrupt in all the hospitals: electricity was the first to go, and then the diesel generators too failed. Kitchens were soon inundated and most of the diagnostic equipment and drug stores, located in the basements in most, became useless and inaccessible.
People — patients, attendants and staff — waited for rescue that never came. Every time a chopper would fly around or a boat come nearby, flickering hopes would take gasps of life. Melancholy would take over when they go away.
At the Children's Hospital, three young doctors managed salvaging eight oxygen cylinders that helped some newborns survive a day more. They offered thirsty attendants dextrose and eventually started distributing a dry mix of rice and sugar as meals. This hospital, located in the cantonment area, was the first to sink. No help came for about 50 hours and by the time army rescuers reached, 14 babies had died, said doctors and attendants. Many more died later.
The situation in Kashmir's major gynecological hospital was horrific. With more than 200 women admitted, some with fresh surgeries, doctors fled when they were needed most. Rescuers reached after three days, when scores of youth accessed the hospital in boats and rafts and started evacuation. The most serious cases were shifted to a private building near Lal Chowk and later to the Sher-i-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences Medical College (SKIMS), the only tertiary-care hospital that remained untouched. Attendants talk of the heroics of some alleged "stone pelters" who evacuated a patient in labour pain.
SMHS, the main hospital of the city, was the first to manage effective attention of the society. Civilians living in Nawab Bazaar broke a wall to make access and then got rafts to evacuate around 900 patients and their attendants. They had parked trucks near Pathern Masjid for shifting them to SKIMS. But the absence of basic facilities like oxygen and access to drug stores led to 13 deaths within a few hours. As the main healthcare set up collapsed, Kashmir managed itself by relying heavily on two factors. First, peripheral hospitals managed patients at district levels. Director Health Saleem-ur-Rehman said for 16 days ending September 20, as many as 5,77,595 patients reported to the OPDs in Kashmir's all district hospitals and 34,577 of them were admitted. They also conducted 1,435 major surgeries, he said.
Then, four city hospitals became the new lifeline: SKIMS, the army hospital at BB Cantt, Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Hospital at Rainawari and private sector Ahmad Hospital on the bypass.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Readers  react: Are humans causing the Kashmir floodsReaders' react: How sure is anyone about humans causing the Kashmir floods?
27 Sep, 2014, 01.53AM IST
0
Share More
This week's "Poke Me", invited your comments on 'How sure is anyone about humans causing the Kashmir floods?'
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
This week's "Poke Me", invited your comments on 'How sure is anyone about humans causing the Kashmir floods?'.
Here are the selected opinions that were published in the ET print edition on Saturday. (Read Full Article)
Shiva (India)
So the author has calculated how much the green brigade damages its own cause up to the fifth decimal place. Rivers like Ganges are perennial not because it rains all the time, but because the ups and downs of the landscape and vegetation make water seep underground, and emerge as clear springs that flow downstream into the main river. No dam can hold the amount of water that can be naturally held in underground aquifers. Without scientific data, why did the author embark on this intellectual exercise?
SNRK R (Mumbai)
There are different causes of floods. J&K is a valley and the water cannot flow out except seep into the ground, while in Uttarakhand, it was because of the overflowing river.
Ketan R Meher (Virar East)
All over the world, mankind has exploited environment for its selfish needs. Ultimately, we all have to pay a huge price for this.
Kollur Brahmam (Vijayawada)
Blame unscientific exploitation of Nature. Building plans that are approved by the authorities are different from the buildings that actually come up on the ground. This needs urgent scientific correction.
POKE ME will appear every Saturday. The article will first appear on www.economictimes. com every Wednesday morning. Do check what we poke you next with on October 1.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Road connectivity badly hit by floods in Jammu and Kashmir border districtYou are here: Home > Collections > Poonch
Road connectivity badly hit by floods in Jammu and Kashmir border district
PTI Sep 26, 2014, 05.35PM IST
Tags:
Dhundak
(The unprecedented incessant…)
POONCH: Jammu and Kashmir's sensitive border district of Poonch has been badly hit in terms of road connectivity as nearly 200 roads have been damaged in the recent floods.
As many as 193 roads have been damaged in floods in Poonch district , Executive Engineer of the Pubic Works Department (PWD) Kabir Hussain Shah said here today.
Of the total damaged roads, 121 are major thoroughfares - 34 in Surankote, 33 in Mandi, 31 in Poonch and 23 in Mendhar - connecting several villages to the tehsil and district headquarters whereas 72 are minor roads connecting small hamlets with the major rural links, he said.
"As many as 107 of the major roads which were extensively damaged and blocked at various locations due to landslides, rock falls, slips and washed away stretches have been opened for traffic and restoration work on the remaining 14 roads got delayed due to major stretches and take off points of roads being washed and slid away," he added.
The unprecedented incessant rains and consequent flash floods and gigantic landslides in district Poonch have caused immense damages to the road infrastructure.
This was revealed at a meeting here chaired by District Development Commissioner (DDC) Mohammad Huassain Malik.
Several foot bridges and approach roads to three major bridges - Sher-e-Kashmir, Dhundak and Pamrote - were breached at various locations putting the vehicular traffic and pedestrian movement to a grinding halt, he added.
For restoration of three major bridges in the district, bailey bridges have been arranged, the Executive Engineer said adding that the restoration work of fully and partially damaged foot bridges has also been set into motion and the DDC has set fixed timeline for their completion.
Malik has directed the PWD (R&B) authorities to ensure permanent restoration of the strategic Sher-e-Kashmir Bridge, whose approach has been breached at different locations, only after proper design and study of hydraulic data to ensure its safety.
As directed by the DDC, the PWD authorities have installed steel grinder stairs at Sher-e-Kashmir bridge site and temporary crossing on the local Nallahs over various breached bridge sites as an emergent measure to connect the cut off areas with the district and tehsil headquarters.
Malik has directed the concerned officers of R&B to mobilise their men and machinery to restore remaining road links so that people do not face any inconvenience.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government appoints babus on basis of merit  not seniorityGovernment ignores seniority & political allegiance; appoints babus on the basis of merit
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
DONER
(It’s evident from 300-odd…)
NEW DELHI: Merit and competence have replaced seniority and political allegiance as buzzwords in Delhi's corridors of power as Prime Minister Narendra Modi goes about strengthening India's steel frame.
This is evident from the 300-odd senior-level transfers and appointments by the Modi-led NDA government within four months of taking charge, including the massive shake-up of 46 joint secretaries just before Modi left for the United States on Thursday.
"Competence matters for us here, not seniority," said a top minister, whose department saw the maximum changes and got four relatively junior officers as joint secretaries.
ET had reported on June 4 that the government was identifying competent bureaucrats based on factors such as their performance over the past decade, dedication to duty, quickness of delivery and political neutrality.
Since July 12, the government has in three batches reshuffled 20 secretaries, including of key ministries and departments such as civil aviation, environment, telecom and revenue. This happened after Narendra Modi had made key appointments in the Prime Minister's Office — principal secretary Nripendra Mishra, additional principal secretary PK Mishra and Gujarat cadre officer AK Sharma in a key joint secretary position.
Former cabinet secretary Naresh Chandra said the new government's approach "belied the myth" that it was against the bureaucrats appointed by the previous Congressled UPA regime. Five officers, who had served earlier as private secretaries or officers on special duty or OSDs to ministers in the UPA government and were believed to have been left out in the cold with the change of guard at the Centre, have been appointed as joint secretaries in sensitive ministries such as those of home affairs and power, and the revenue department in the recent reshuffle.
"This only shows that the Narendra Modi government did not want officers serving in personal staff of former ministers to continue in the same role under the new ministers as well, but rather wanted them to return to normal duties," Chandra said.
Cabinet secretaries under the UPA government have also been taken on board. KM Chandrashekhar, cabinet secretary from 2007 to 2011, has been included in a committee to restructure the Railway Board while the present incumbent Ajit Seth has got an extension for six months.
"The government respects their competence. It is looking for politically neutral but competent persons. Utilising the services of Mr Chandrashekhar or Mr Seth reinforces this point," another senior minister said on condition of anonymity.
Five former personal aides of joint secretaries appointed by the ministers in the UPA government also broke the seniority glass ceiling. Uday Singh Kumawat, a 1993-batch officer and personal secretary or PS to then minister of state for agriculture Tariq Anwar, has replaced an officer ten batches senior to him in the department of revenue.
Gopal Dwivedi, also a 1993 batch officer and PS to then minister o f stat e for education D Purendeshwari, has replaced a 1984 batch officer in the Union home ministry while Hitesh Makhwana, the PS of then minister of state for shipping GK Vasan, is now a joint secretary in the home ministry, having succeeded an officer seven batches his senior.
  A senior official in the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) said the prime minister's move to limit the Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC) to himself and the home minister has facilitated a "more meritorious selection" of officers.
"Earlier, the minister of the department concerned was also part of the ACC and had his say in the process. The ministers' exclusion from the ACC has brought more objectivity and neutrality into the exercise," said the officer, who did not wish to be identified.
Besides, the official added, the process of file movement has changed qualitatively. "With decisions flowing down from the PMO on all senior-level appointments, the names do not get leaked prematurely and there are fewer chances of lobbying," said the official.
For instance, it was long speculated that 1981-batch Gujarat cadre IAS officer Hasmukh Adhia was the front runner to be the new secretary, higher education in Delhi. But on Wednesday night, the government appointed 1980-batch Andhra Pradesh officer Satyanarayan Mohanty to the post. Similarly, there was hectic lobbying for the post of the new telecom secretary before the government sprang a surprise and chose Uttar Pradesh cadre officer Rakesh Garg in July.
Among the 46 joint secretary-level appointments, almost half of the officers have come from the state cadres. "This is to inject fresh air into the capital's bureaucracy," said the official cited earlier.

PM Narendra Modi said to be unhappy with DRDO s functioningYou are here: Home > Collections > Scientists
No extensions sans ACC okay: Government to DRDO
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 05.12AM IST
(PM Modi is said to be…)
NEW DELHI: In a message to the Defence Research Development Organisation that has over a dozen scientists working on tenures beyond 60, the government has frowned at the tendency of giving extensions to scientists without consulting the Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC).
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is said to be unhappy with DRDO's functioning and had recently advocated that five out of the 52 DRDO labs be manned by young scientists after reports with the government revealed that as many as 358 scientists had quit DRDO between 2009 and 2013.
A government note sent on Friday to nine ministries and departments which have specialists in scientific or medical fields, including DRDO and Department of Space, the Department of Personnel and Training has said that the ACC headed by the prime minister has observed that in some cases, departments have unilaterally extended the service officers beyond the age of superannuation without obtaining the approval of ACC.
"It is reiterated that in absence of specific approval of ACC towards extension of services beyond the date of superannuation, an officer should stand retired on his date of superannuation and under no circumstances should the Ministry/Department extend his services beyond superannuation unilaterally without approval of ACC," the note says. This also comes on the heels of the success of the Mars Orbiter Mission where Modi had praised scientists at ISRO for the feat.
In Friday's note, the policy drawn up by the NDA government in 2002 was pointed to, which said that any tenure extensions to scientists should be "only in really exceptional circumstances" and only if the retiring specialist "is not just one of the outstanding officers but is really head and shoulders above the rest".
That policy also said that too many cases of extensions are likely to cause "frustration and affect morale of upcoming scientists who have exposure to latest technological developments." In 2012, DRDO admitted that 37 scientists — 12 of whom were in distinguished category — were on extended tenures. This was despite the Rama Rao Committee, which carried out the first external review of DRDO in 2008, calling for a younger profile of top scientists. DRDO secretary Avinash Chander is also working on an extension.
ET had reported on August 23 that Modi was not happy about this situation and had sought all details after he was told about the high attrition rate among younger scientists. Friday's note also goes out to the departments of Atomic Energy, Science and Technology, Scientific and Industrial Research, Information Technology and Environment Ministry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Two-Year cooling off period must for Judges: Outgoing CJI RM LodhaChief Justice of India
(Just before retirement, Lodha presided…)
NEW DELHI: RM Lodha , who stepped down as Chief Justice of India on Friday, would rather not be remembered for his landmark ruling cancelling coal block allocations that has had the corporate sector reeling for almost a month.
He would rather be remembered as the judge who made a Mumbai school bend its rules to take in the second child of a widow who aspired to have her child admitted there. The judge kept persisting with the school management, which resisted his pleas initially citing a funds constraint but eventually fell in line when he hinted at scrutinising its accounts.
"Judges don't explain their orders," he said cryptically at a press conference to mark passing of baton to Justice HL Dattu. Judges decide cases on the basis of constitutional goals and values, he said, adding, "It's there in black and white."
It is up to the executive to deal with the ruling's socio-economic impact, if any, he said. He was unmoved by arguments that investments made by companies would go to waste and banks would be unable to recover their loans. In his determination to cleanse the system, he followed in the footsteps of GS Singhvi, a close relative by marriage and one of the judges on the bench which cancelled 122 telecom licences in early 2012, a ruling which shook the credibility of the UPA government .
Then Attorney General GE Vahanvati, an old colleague from the Bombay bar, tried to make Justice Lodha see the government's point of view in the coal case, but failed.
The Narendra Modi-led NDA government, which took over in May, appeared to have seen the writing on the wall and took the ruling in its stride as Justice Lodha cancelled the allocations, even as it had sought exemption for 40 coal blocks which were operational and another six where work was set to begin.
Just before retirement, Lodha presided over a five-judge constitution bench which struck down the National Tax Tribunal (NTT) proposed by the UPA government. In May, another five-judge bench headed by him struck down a Karnataka government policy decision which made Kannada compulsory for private unaided schools. It judges said parent and not the state should decide the medium of instruction. The decision infuriated the Karnataka government which filed a review petition which was dismissed.
A bench headed by him also set aside an order of the Bombay High Court in what is known as the forest land case. The HC order may have potentially resulted in the demolition of hundreds of houses and commercial establishments in land deemed to as private forests, even though the state had allowed construction in the first place. The SC, which was hearing an appeal from the Godrej Group, accused the state, the Maharashtra government in this instance of behaving like Rip Van Winkle and suddenly demanding demolition of a massive constructions which it itself had allowed.
Facing Justice Lodha's ire was not a pleasant prospect. Then law minister Ashwani Kumar had to quit for trying to vet a CBI affidavit before it was shown to the court, and the CBI faced its share of his wrath when he called the premier investigating agency a "caged parrot".
FEATURED ARTICLES

TN Govt announces Amma Cement SchemeTN Govt announces ‘Amma Cement Scheme’
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 26:  
The Tamil Nadu Government today announced a populist ‘Amma Cement Scheme’ under which it will procure cement from private manufacturers and sell them at Rs 190 per bag in the wake of possible increase in rates of the key construction component.
The scheme, named after Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, who is addressed as ‘Amma’ (Mother) by her supporters, follows similar efforts like the Amma Canteen and Amma Mineral Water, all low-cost initiatives.
Jayalalithaa said that she had recently discussed with officials the situation regarding production of cement from the State and supply from outside.
The erstwhile united Andhra Pradesh contributed about 4-4.5 lakh tonnes of cement for Tamil Nadu’s monthly average use of 17-18 lakh tonnes, but the companies there had now hiked the prices by Rs 80-100 per bag, she said.
“Subsequently, the supplies to Tamil Nadu had reduced to around 1.5 lakh tonnes to 3 lakh tonnes, creating a favourable situation for the private manufacturers here to increase the price of cement,” she said in a statement.
Therefore, she had directed officials to roll out the 'Amma Cement Scheme' aiming to benefit the lower and middle classes, wherein the Government will procure two lakh tonnes of cement from private manufacturers every month and sell them through all urban and rural local bodies at Rs 190 per bag.
Beneficiaries are eligible for a maximum of 750 bags for 1,500 sqft, and the cement could be bought by submitting the government approved building plan or road plan, she said.
Those wanting to buy cement for repair and renovation are eligible for 10 to 100 cement bags, she said.
Tamil Nadu Cement Corporation will be the nodal agency, while the scheme will be implemented by Tamil Nadu Civil Supplies Corporation and Rural Development Department through their 470 godowns, the Chief Minister said.
The scheme will also cover the state’s Green House and Central Government’s Indira Awas Yojana, she said adding, that it will help ease the burden of lower and middle class in constructing a house.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

US business  policymakers keen to engage with India: Assocham6
0
New Delhi: American businesses and policy- makers are keen to engage with India as they see enormous potential in the country's economy backed by the execution capabilities of the Narendra Modi-led Government, according to a survey done by industry body Assocham in the US.
Prime Minister Modi is currently on his maiden visit to the US during which he will address the UN General Assembly, hold talks with President Barack Obama and meet top American corporate honchos besides a series of other engagements.
"Yes, there are issues like bilateral investment treaty, intellectual property rights, wanting India to open its retail sector for the foreign direct investment and it's tough position in the WTO talks on the issue of farmers' security vis-a-vis the trade facilitation, yet American corporations see big opportunity in the Indian economy ready to tread fast once again," the survey pointed out.
Modi's approach of getting to the basics and engaging with even the most difficult issues with an open mind is being talked about among the influential Americans.
#assocham #india #us #narendra modi
"While the Obama Administration seems to be really hopeful of taking the US relationship to the next scale, such a thinking is feeding into America Inc with top of the line CEOs making definitive opinion about execution capabilities of the Modi-led government," it said.
The survey is based on the previews of the Prime Minister Modi's engagements with the top American leaders besides President Barack Obama.
Underlining the importance of the Indo-US relationship, Assocham President Rana Kapoor said, "India's new leadership is gaining respect among major powers of the world both in the neighbourhood and far-off. The kind of enthusiasm and expectations seen in the US about Modi's visit is rare".
Kapoor said the chamber had done a similar survey among the corporates leaders in India and an overwhelming majority of them expected a big success from the Modi's visit to the US both at the bilateral level with the US and also in his multi-lateral engagement at the UN General Assembly.
Modi's approach of getting to the basics and engaging with even the most difficult issues with an open mind is being talked about among the influential Americans whom the Assocham research team interacted with in New York, Washington and established contacts in the Silicon Valley. A strong position of the BJP in Parliament is also seen as a big positive.
"While there is some amount of restlessness, the America Inc and others are willing to give good amount of time to the Modi Government since there an appreciation that India cannot be expected to function like China as the democratic values require debates among stakeholders. Besides, there is a federal structure which requires continuous engagement with states some of whom have very powerful political leaders like in Tamil Nadu, West Bengal," noted the survey.
The possible areas for new and scaled up cooperation have been listed as defence and infrastructure. Education is also a key area of cooperation where the US would like India to liberalise its policies.
1

Group With Ties To Kochs Mails Out Incorrect Voter Registration Info To... A CatGroup With Ties To Kochs Mails Out Incorrect Voter Registration Info To... A Cat?
Posted:
Updated:
09/26/2014  1:59 pm EDT
FILE - In this Aug. 30, 2013, file photo, Americans for Prosperity Foundation Chairman David Koch speaks in Orlando, Fla. The United Negro College Fund announced a $25 million grant from Koch Industries Inc. and the Charles Koch Foundation, a large donation from the conservative powerhouse Koch name that Democrats have sought to vilify heading into the 2014 mid-term elections. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack, File) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
A conservative group with financial and political ties to the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch sent hundreds of North Carolina voters -- and at least one cat -- incorrect voter registration information, according to the State Board of Elections.
The Raleigh News & Observer first reported Thursday that Americans for Prosperity's North Carolina chapter was responsible for sending an “official application form” to voters that contained erroneous information.
The mailers contained conflicting information about the deadline to submit voter registration forms, incorrect contact information for the Secretary of State and State Board of Elections offices and an incorrect explanation about how voters are notified that their information has been received.
Americans for Prosperity spokesman Levi Russell told HuffPost in a statement Friday that the forms had to be viewed within the context of what he called an otherwise "highly successful" voter registration drive.
"Americans for Prosperity Foundation has registered thousands of North Carolinians to vote through this registration drive, which is a great thing for the democratic process and getting more people involved," he said. "While there were a few minor administrative errors in our mailers and some old information in the data, the program has been highly successful so far. Any large mailing even with 99.9% accuracy is always going to have a few inaccurate recipients, but we'll always be striving to make it better. Ultimately our forms are working as intended – when a resident fills out our form and sends it in consistent with our directions, they will be registered to vote, period."
Joshua Lawson, a public information officer with the State Board of Elections, told the News & Observer that his office has been receiving phone calls "all day, every day" asking about the mailings. He said that one resident had even received a registration form addressed to her cat.
“It’s unclear where [Americans for Prosperity] got their list, but it’s caused a lot of confusion for people in the state,” Lawson said, explaining that the group did not alert the board before sending the forms.
Misinformation about voter registration can be a felony if it is intentionally misleading and suppresses votes.
Progressives in the state mocked the voter registration form mailed to the cat on Twitter Friday:
AFP's field program, apparently: https://t.co/tpyJJhsx8K
— Ben Ray (@BenRay) September 26, 2014
Bob Hall, the executive director of Democracy NC, a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to increasing voter participation,  told The Huffington Post that he believed an investigation should be conducted.
"The State Board needs to thoroughly investigate these complaints to determine if the felony statute about purposeful misinformation was violated," Hall said in a statement Friday. "Unfortunately, we’ve already had to stop the Republican leader of the NC Senate from broadcasting a false ad about a photo ID being required to vote now. There’s a sad tradition of misleading voters, going back to the days of Jesse Helms. At a minimum, the State Board needs to get the mailing list to see who was targeted by these mailings, interview the people involved in putting this project together, and see how the mailing fits within a multi-state campaign by Americans for Prosperity. All that will help the Board determine whether this was stupid and dangerous or also a criminal violation."
In his statement, Hall referenced a television spot state Senate President Pro Tem Phil Berger (R) was forced to change after the state's NAACP chapter complained that it gave misleading information to voters after a new identification requirement that doesn't go into effect until 2016.
Voting rights are a politically charged issue in North Carolina this year. The Republican-controlled state legislature passed a package of restrictions that prohibited counting votes cast out-of-precinct, eliminated same-day registration and reduced the early voting period by a week.
Lawmakers argued that the changes would reduce fraud. A group of plaintiffs have sued the state seeking an injunction to prevent the restrictions from going into effect ahead of Nov. 4, saying that the restrictions would disproportionally impact seniors, students and low-income and minority voters.
The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals heard oral arguments Thursday on the restrictions.
This post has been updated with comment from Americans for Prosperity.
Also on HuffPost:

Chicago area air traffic center fire grounds nearly 1 500 flights  disrupts travelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bank CEOs review fallout of coal blocks cancellationBank CEOs review fallout of coal blocks cancellation
Mumbai, 24 September |  Sep 27, 2014 12:21 AM IST
Chief executives of banks on Friday discussed the ramifications of the Supreme Court's order cancelling allocation of coal blocks.
“The management committee of the Indian Banks Association did discuss implications of the apex court order in the coal blocks case. But, it is too early to speak in precise terms. We are assessing the impact,” the chief executive of a large public sector bank said.
Banks might seek "regulatory forbearance" if the ruling impacts asset performance. This would include flexibility for restructuring or reworking payment terms and schedule in case of companies which might be impacted by the verdict.
Lenders are concerned as to whether the verdict would result in the non-availability of coal for performing assets.
In case there is an impact on asset quality due to the de-allocation of 214 coal blocks, it would be "desirable" to have some forbearance, said the bankers.
“If banks get regulatory forbearance, it would be good. But right now, we do not know if we need it. None of the affected companies have come forward asking for help from the lenders till now,” a senior banker said after the meeting.
The government should come up with a clear and transparent arrangement for coal block allocation. The court has given six months time to finalise policies for that, said the chief executive of the large public sector bank.

Unveiled: An  invisibility cloak  to rival Harry Potter s1
Rochester: Watch out Harry Potter, you are not the only wizard with an invisibility cloak.
Scientists at the University of Rochester have discovered a way to hide large objects from sight using inexpensive and readily available lenses, a technology that seems to have sprung from the pages of JK Rowling's Harry Potter fantasy series.
Cloaking is the process by which an object becomes hidden from view, while everything else around the cloaked object appears undisturbed.
Scientists at the University of Rochester have discovered a way to hide large objects from sight using inexpensive and readily available lenses.
#cloak #harry potter #invisibility cloak
"A lot of people have worked on a lot of different aspects of optical cloaking for years," John Howell, a professor of physics at the upstate New York school, said on Friday.
The so-called Rochester Cloak is not really a tangible cloak at all. Rather the device looks like equipment used by an optometrist. When an object is placed behind the layered lenses it seems to disappear.
Previous cloaking methods have been complicated, expensive, and not able to hide objects in three dimensions when viewed at varying angles, they say.
"From what, we know this is the first cloaking device that provides three-dimensional, continuously multidirectional cloaking," said Joseph Choi, a graduate student who helped develop the method at Rochester, which is renowned for its optical research.
In their tests, the researchers have cloaked a hand, a face, and a ruler - making each object appear "invisible" while the image behind the hidden object remains in view. The implications for the discovery are endless, they say.
"I imagine this could be used to cloak a trailer on the back of a semi-truck so the driver can see directly behind him," Choi said. "It can be used for surgery, in the military, in interior design, art."
Howell said the Rochester Cloak, like the fictitious cloak described in the pages of the Harry Potter series, causes no distortion of the background object.
Building the device does not break the bank either. It cost Howell and Choi a little over $1,000 in materials to create it and they believe it can be done even cheaper.
Although a patent is pending, they have released simple instructions on how to create a Rochester Cloak at home for under $100.
260

RBI Policy Review Key After S&P s Outlook UpgradeRBI Policy Review Key After S&P s Outlook Upgrade
One wedding and four convictions  the unravelling of JayalalithaaOne wedding and four convictions, the unravelling of Jayalalithaa
Krittivas Mukherjee , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 27, 2014
First Published: 20:44 IST(27/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:28 IST(28/9/2014)
Comments
Back in 1995, much before India’s unapologetic embrace of ritz, one of the country’s top politicians staged a wedding for her foster son, a show of such royal opulence that it was to ultimately prove to be her political undoing.
CM Jayalalithaa is seen through the mirror of a car as she comes out of her house in Chennai to appear before a Bangalore court for the verdict. (AP Photo)
Charges of corruption were already swirling around Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, but the wedding condensed years of outlandish display of sudden wealth into a moment of opulent mayhem.
 
It gave credibility to those charges, turned her into a figure of contempt for many and triggered a series of legal cases that culminated in her conviction 18 years later on Saturday. Three others were also convicted.
 
By the time Jayalalithaa planned the wedding of her then foster son, VN Sudhakaran, her personality cult matched only her vast personal wealth.
 
Read: Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years in jail in corruption case
 
Ignoring criticism she had turned large parts of the city into a private theme park, thousands of Jayalalithaa’s party workers built a cardboard and papier-mache marquee that covered whole avenues in central Chennai. Hundreds of eight-storey high cut-outs bearing her image loomed over Chennai as some 100,000 of her supporters bussed into the city to celebrate.
 
At least 12,000 of the guests, their invitations inscribed in silver salvers, sat down to a wedding lunch, served by thousands of cooks and waiters, most of them party workers.
 
For entertainment, there were tumbling acrobats, performing horsemen, truckloads of flowers. About 20,000 policemen stood on special duty as the bride, the granddaughter of Tamil movie legend Shivaji Ganesan, and the groom exchanged garlands.
Read: Adored and despised, halo falls off Amma
 
But it was not an event to be financed on a chief minister's pay which was, back then, about Rs. 11,000 a month. She had, however, said that she drew only one rupee monthly.
 
After a local court began hearing the cases against her, officials had the laborious task of cataloguing her jewellery collection - five big suitcases full of precious necklaces, rings, bangles, icons and earrings. One elegant waistband held 2,389 diamonds, as well as 18 emeralds and 9 rubies, according to media reports at the time.
 

In UN speech  Narendra Modi calls for global action against terrorism; asks  are we hobbled by our politicsHome
FE editor's picks
In UN speech, Narendra Modi calls for global action against terrorism; asks 'are we hobbled by our politics'
Agencies | United Nations | Updated:  Sep 27 2014, 22:13  IST
Sep 27 2014, 22:13  IST
 

With more shakhas  online recruits  and mainstreaming of agenda  RSS on upswingWith more shakhas, online recruits, and mainstreaming of agenda, RSS on upswing
Prashant Jha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 27, 2014
First Published: 21:50 IST(27/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:25 IST(28/9/2014)
Comments
It may be an 89 year old organisation, identified as representing a more conservative set of values. But the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) is witnessing steady growth. With more shakhas, online recruits, and mainstreaming of their agenda, the Sangh - ideological parent of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) - is on the upswing.
In July 2012, the Sangh had 34,761 shakhas; this number swelled to 37,125 shakhas the following year; and this year - by July 2014 - RSS was holding 39,396 daily shakhas. There has also been a spurt in the number of volunteers registering on the Join RSS link on its website. If there were around 1000 such people every month in 2012, 2500 possible volunteers in 2013, this number has swelled to an average of around 7000 online recruits this year.
The increase in membership must comes as a shot in the arm for RSS - for there was a perception that they were facing a crisis in attracting the young. There was a time in the last decade when the number of shakhas were over 43,000. And the Sangh's number 2 in command Suresh Bhaiyyaji Joshi admitted last year that there were challenges - educational patterns, lifestyle, working hours had changed leaving people with little time, energy and inclination to attend morning or evening shakhas. Other Sangh officials say there had been a spike in numbers when they celebrated Guru Golwalkar's Birth centenary in 2006-07, but then as happens after an intensive period of public outreach and expansion, there was a period of consolidation. All agreed on need for flexibility and innovation.
Can the increase in RSS strength be attributed to the rise of the BJP and Narendra Modi in this period? Sangh officials do not believe there is any direct link, and it is in fact the RSS' own organic strength which may have helped BJP.
RSS, they insist, does not depend on political or government support. Manmohan Vaidya, chief spokesperson, told HT, "Look at Kerala. The RSS is very active in the state but there is barely any BJP presence. Our growth is autonomous."
But there may have been indirect impact. The incessant coverage of the Modi campaign led to greater curiosity about the RSS and more media visibility. Private television channels in the past few months have done dedicated shows on sarsanghchalak Mohan Bhagwat's birthday, on the life of founder Dr Keshav Hedgewar, and discussions on Sangh's work.
There has also been more discussion on Hindutva related issues - be it the desirability of a Hindu Rashtra, the place of Muslims in India, whether there is anything called 'Hindu terror', or 'love jehad'. All of this divided society and drawn criticism, but its mere discussion drew some segments to the Parivar ideology.
During the elections, the Sangh was out there in full force backing the BJP. They visited homes, and this increased their interface with society. Pracharaks and swayamsevaks are known to maintain such relationships, and the public outreach too would help in spreading the message.
But Vaidya believes the core reason for growth is because of an increasing 'hunger among people to assert their cultural identity' and a desire to 'serve society', wherein RSS is seen as synonymous with social service.
The use of new technology provided a channel to tap into this sentiment. Vaidya explains the modalities of online recruitment. "If a person from Rohtak has registered on the join RSS site, we pass on the name to the Haryana in charge who passes it on the Rohtak in charge. Someone from the area would then visit this person's house and judge how he can contribute best to Sangh and how much time he can give - either by attending shakhas, or through social media, or participating in our festivals or getting engaged in service activities." In bigger cities where meeting each possible recruit may not be possible individually, they organise a bigger interaction at a common place on a monthly basis.
The Sangh has also reached out directly to students in colleges and universities and in fact there is currently a three day camp of Sangh affiliated students in Delhi underway in Sonepat, attended by Bhagwat himself. They also organise IT Milans - for busy professionals in cities like Bangalore who cannot attend morning shakhas daily.
Almost 90 years after it was established, a product of the Sangh is now PM with a full majority. As it expands, its political and social impact is bound to increase.

Gautam Adani in attendance as PM Narendra Modi addresses UN General AssemblyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kingfisher gets HC relief on wilful defaulter tag by UBIKingfisher gets HC relief on wilful defaulter tag by UBI
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 27, 2014 10:40 PM IST
Kingfisher Airlines has secured a stay from the Calcutta High Court on the decision of the grievance redressal committee of the United Bank of India (UBI), which had earlier declared the airline and its directors (including erstwhile directors) as wilful defaulters.
The bank has been directed to file its affidavit-in-opposition by November 3 and the airline will file its reply one week thereafter. The next date of hearing has been fixed for November 10. In September United Bank of India declared Kingfisher Airlines and its chairman Vijay Mallya  wilful defaulters for non-payment of Rs 400 crore of dues. Three company directors — Subhash R Gupte, Ravi Nedungadi and Anil Kumar Ganguly — also figure in the list.
A Kingfisher Airlines spokesperson said, “We had earlier stated that we would legally challenge the wrongful decision of United Bank of India and that we have great faith in the judiciary in our Country. We will legally defend our position on all allegations going forward.”
Kingfisher Airlines Limited along with its directors/erstwhile directors had filed a writ petition in the Calcutta High Court  against the bank’s decision. The matter was  heard on Friday and Justice Debangsu Basak  held that, prima facie, UBI  acted in breach of the principles of natural justice by not making over the documents referred to and relied upon by it to Kingfisher prior to the hearing, and thus, not enabling airline  to make an effective representation against the charges, the airline spokesperson added.

The real reason startups dont lastView Photo
The Main Reason Startups Don't Last
As a child I used to go to the local video store to rent movies to watch on the weekend. The store, part of the Potomac Video chain, was one of the last video stores in Washington, D.C. But after 33 years, the business suddenly shut its doors  last spring. Why after so much success did the business shutter its operations?
The reason businesses don’t last is they fail to innovate .
Related:  Underdogs Can't Win Being Copycats
Regardless of your past business model, if the market has changed, your business needs to change, too. Potomac Video didn’t latch onto the trend of streaming movies online or shipping videos straight to customers’ doors. It stuck with its old business plan, simply renting and selling videos from a store.
For that matter, remember how you used to love to stop by Blockbuster? You know, the place you’d stop by on the way home to pick up that new release on VHS? (Blockbuster filed for bankruptcy in 2010; yet even after Dish Network acquired its debt, Dish decided to close all retail stores, according to MarketWatch .)
Did you know that in 2000  Blockbuster had a chance to buy Netflix (now worth  $28 billion ) for a mere  $50 million ? And the company opted not to. Netflix was losing money at that point. Blockbuster was hesitant to gamble, not looking ahead, perhaps looking for a short-term profit rather than a disruption of the industry.
An entrepreneur who wants to experience continued success in business must stay on top of his or her industry and predict the future. Entrepreneurs Giovanni Mannella and Misha Mitsnefes have done just that with their startup Bmpur , whose social music network puts the power of music sharing and discovery into the hands of users. Mannella and Mitsnefes beta launched Bmpur this spring and fully launched Sept. 8.
Mitsnefes owns a music blog ( fistintheair.com ) and Mannella had owned a music-video curated website. "We both saw an opening in the market for this type of sharing and discovery platform and developed bmpur together, starting in fall 2011," Mannella wrote by email. After connecting with others in the industry, they noticed a shift in the market. People wanted to add value to others’ listening experiences.
Although other music blogs recommend songs, the Bmpur website enables anyone to recommend and “repost” music he or she is interested in, as Mitsnefes described  on his music blog:
"Post anything from YouTube, Soundcloud, blog links, Instagram links, etc. Then the community interacts by “bumping” posts, commenting, favoriting (like repost/retweet), and sharing the link!"
Mannella and Mitsnefes are taking a gamble with their new approach. They realize that Bmpur won’t last without innovation.
If you’re looking to change up your business model to make your startup last, use these three approaches:
1. Continue to build a brand.
Innovating with a startup doesn’t mean just changing the name of a business or overall brand. Instead use the leverage of an existing brand to draw attention to its evolution and innovation. Bmpur built excitement for its platform through its social media channels. Consider making ambiguous announcements to keep people on their feet.
Related:  How Customer Feedback Can Stymie Innovation
2. Gather feedback.
The best way to see if a business will grow as a result of innovation is to see what others think. Before a new product launch or redesign, show family, friends, acquaintances and even die-hard customers. The team at Bmpur unveiled its new concept months before it was fully developed.
3. Connect with other industry leaders.
The key to a successful change in a business is ensuring that others know. Connect with other industry leaders to see if they have advice. If you have a blog, connect with other bloggers to see if they want to help promote your business shift. You could end up leading a whole industry swing.
Making a startup last is a challenge that every entrepreneur faces. Businesses often see a period of strong growth, hit a peak and then the business begins to dissolve. Ensure your business doesn’t peak by continuing to innovate. 

PM Modi s UN speech: a notable departurePM Modi's UN speech: a notable departure
Mihir S Sharma | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 02:03 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is not capable of flying under the radar. Even though the storied hall in which the United Nations General Assembly meets was only half full when he addressed it on Saturday, he nevertheless delivered a speech that was a notable departure from those of previous Indian prime ministers. (His own departure from stage was notable – many observers, including ex-Newsweek editor Tunku Varadarajan, noted that the General Assembly’s co-chairs seemed to take exception to the lack of courtesy inherent in departing abruptly, without the usual thanks.)
There was no direct attack on Pakistan, for example: instead, the PM took the high road, and clearly signposted it as being the high road. “Raising issues in this forum,” said Modi, “is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries.” Of course, he then went on to talk about terrorism in a section clearly directed at Pakistan, so the high road clearly only takes you so far.
What is notable is that the PM seems to have diverted from his prepared text in order to make the remarks about Pakistan. The Press Information Bureau’s report says: “He  [meaning the prime minister] condemned the use of terms such as ‘good terrorism’ and ‘bad terrorism’ and said some countries were still harbouring terrorists and using terrorism as an instrument of state policy.” But the English text of his speech that was released had no such mention.
There was also a clear defence of his government’s scuttling of multilateral trade negotiations. Modi said that “genuine international partnership” would mean that “when we craft agreements on international trade, we accommodate each other's concerns and interests”.
UN General Assembly speeches are rarely the place where giant shifts in policy are laid out. They are more often than not locations for the statement of existing policy positions. It is rare to see showmanship of the sort exhibited by Hugo Chavez – who spoke of a “smell of sulphur” at the podium, because the “devil” George W Bush had given a speech there, or like that of Binyamin Netanyahu, who drew a much-mocked cartoon of an Iranian nuclear bomb during his speech.
But Narendra Modi is who he is, even when addressing the United Nations. The determinedly clever one-liners were there – “Energy not consumed is the cleanest energy”, for example. There was the acronyms and English-language wordplay – the UN, he said, was “G-All”, as compared to the G-20 or the G-8.
And there was the sudden advent of Hinduism-inflected spirituality: “For us in India, respect for nature is an integral part of spiritualism.” Many diplomats will be wondering whether the prime minister of India, a crucial participant in climate-change negotiations, was actually serious when he told the world’s assembled representatives that yoga, through “creating consciousness” and lifestyle changes, could help deal with climate change. The answer: yes he was. The three neighbourhood leaders – from Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Bangladesh – who met him after the speech were asked their opinion on an International Yoga Day and were, according to the state media sources accompanying the PM, enthusiastic. Naturally – nothing says “serious about climate change” like “International Yoga Day”.

Make in India means real work  not just  jugaad  or short cut to profitprint
It’s not often that India’s biggest business leaders turn up together to speak at the same forum and when they do, they usually have a crib list of what the government ought to do for them. But at last week’s launch of PM Narendra Modi’s ‘Make In India’ campaign, the 10 CEOs (including one Japanese and one American) who made speeches that ranged from the inane to the somewhat sensible sounded more like a gushing fan club, albeit a pretty valuable one — together the revenues of all the companies that were represented, including Reliance, the Tata group, the AV Birla group, ITC and ICICI Bank, tops $330 billion. India Inc. is bullish over Modi and his government, which they view (and hope) as being way more pro-business than the previous regime but the thing is that if the slick new ‘Make in India’ campaign is to become a success, it is Indian business and not just the government that will have to do much of the heavy lifting.
As many will point out, the ‘Make in India’ campaign doesn’t make any grandiose announcements. Instead it promises that the government will make it easier to do business in India. It promises to clear investment proposals faster; to make labour laws more flexible; to trust businesses enough to allow them to self-certify documents; and so on. In return Modi wants investors to not only look at India as a market but also take part in its development. All of these are laudable aims that few will take issue with but if Indian manufacturing is to truly get a boost much will depend on how Indian businesses respond.
Manufacturing contributes 17% of India’s GDP compared to 69% that comes from services and 14% from agriculture. And, of the 474 million Indians who are gainfully employed, only 100 million do manufacturing jobs compared to 232 million who work on farms and 142 million employed in the services businesses. In recent years, investment in manufacturing has been hindered by many factors — inflexible labour laws that hobble employers; an adversarial tax regime that has discouraged foreign investors; and a depressed market that has dampened global demand. It is true that the government can address some of these factors by doing away with the controversial retrospective tax on a telco or easing labour restrictions — measures that it has promised it will take. But there are other fundamentals that have to be addressed by businesses themselves.
For far too long Indian business has taken the short cut to profits. Unlike in China, which started as a cheap manufacturing base to emerge as the world’s factory and then carefully cultivated a culture of innovation, which has enabled it to remain competitive, India’s businesses have not. Across sectors, including the 25 that the ‘Make in India’ campaign lists, the story has been the same: Indian businesses, from engineering to automobiles, have either shopped abroad for technology or reverse-engineered what others have done, sometimes controversially, as in the case of pharmaceuticals. Even the biggest Indian businesses that have set up world-scale factories and manufacturing facilities have largely done so by shopping technology abroad. In the engineering business of car-making, the Tatas stand out as one group that attempted to develop a truly indigenous small car with somewhat mixed results.
Otherwise, Indian business has largely chosen to jettison attempts to innovate in manufacturing or develop a culture for doing so in favour of adopting what is known locally as ‘jugaad’, a simple workaround that gets the job done somehow rather than a serious effort to find solutions that stand the test of time.
The problem with technology shopping is that it can turn into a costly spiral because as technology advances and gets costlier to buy, those who make things using the tech-shopping avenue could become uncompetitive. That could defeat the purpose of making anything in India. Unless Indian manufacturers learn to innovate.

Indian women spikers lose in the quartersIndian women spikers lose in the quarters
Verdict in Jayalalithaa s assets case adjourned to 1 pmVerdict in Jayalalithaa s assets case adjourned to 1 pm
Not in the class: A story of Indias missing teachersComments
Mid-afternoon is not the best time to visit the Molarbund Government Boys Senior Secondary School in South Delhi’s Badarpur. More students are outside the classrooms than inside, and the few inside complain of fans that don’t work, desks that are broken and teachers who haven’t showed up. School toilets stink from a distance because the two workers assigned for cleaning up are “heart patients who are mostly absent”. Drinking water is available only inside the staff room, but students are not allowed to drink that because the teachers pay for the water.
And the teachers who work here haven’t even begun to speak of their issues.
“See, we don’t even have enough rooms to take classes. So we have to take them in the corridors. The school has over a 100 students in many classes, and we are just 120 teachers for the 7,000 students. Plus, the guest teachers haven’t joined yet,” complains a senior teacher who didn’t want to be named.
Missing in action
Across the country, government schools are facing, among other issues, a severe shortage of teachers. India is short of 12 lakh teachers and 5.23 lakh posts are vacant, former Human Resource Development (HRD) Minister Kapil Sibal told the Rajya Sabha in 2010.
Shortage of teachers becomes a matter of serious concern when one considers the requirement of one teacher for every 30 students,  according to the Right to Education Act, 2009. But in schools such as the one in Badarpur, teachers show proof of classes with 117 students and more, at least on paper. The number of single-teacher schools in the country also reveal a severe shortage: 11 per cent of our primary schools have a single teacher, with a few states worse than others, as shown in the graphic on the right.
However, the same data can throw up comforting facts also — average teacher student ratio in primary schools in India is 1:26. But many would argue that this is a “false indicator” since student-teacher ratio is not specific to a school. Besides, the calculations also take into account those who are not in charge of a class, such as the headmaster, the art teacher and the physical education teacher, says Krishna Kumar, professor of education at Faculty of Education, Delhi University, and former director, NCERT.
Kumar insists that the shortage of teachers in India is not because of lack of qualified professionals, but because of the government’s reluctance to fill up permanent posts and hire cheaper staff on contract instead. “The trend of downsizing permanent staff began in the 1990s when the economic reforms were in full swing in the country. States started doing that to manage their fiscal crisis. Today, there are 20,000 contractual teachers in Delhi alone,” he says. According to CP Singh, president of the Delhi Government School Teachers’ Association, schools in the capital are waiting for 18,000 teachers for the last three years, and recently, 6,000 guest teachers have been hired to make up for the deficit.
Singh begins to talk of his association’s agitation for better working conditions for permanent teachers such as himself —  addressing anomalies in salaries, changing transfer policies and removing the condition of taking  remedial classes. However, even those such as Singh and teachers at the Badarpur school admit that their “guest” counterparts are worse off: they are hired for a year, paid by the day, and are also less accountable to the system. “Besides, by the time they get to understand the needs of their students in a year, it’s time for them to leave, and fresh staff to arrive,” says another teacher at the Badarpur school. While salary for the contract teacher is variable across states, in Delhi, they are paid Rs. 700 per day (a Trained Graduate Teacher could get up to Rs. 50,000), forcing them to take up other jobs to supplement their incomes. “If the government is able to hire people at less than half the price, then why will it hire permanent staff?” fumes Madan Mohan Tiwari, who teaches at a government school in Mehrauli.
Others feel that teacher shortages can also be traced to faulty recruitment policies: teachers are hired by the state boards, and assigned to schools, from where they can get themselves transferred as well. “If a teacher is appointed directly to a school, and not to the system, they will be more accountable to the school and its students,” says R Govinda, Vice Chancellor, National University of Educational Planning and Administration. 
Many such as Govinda feel that the lack of qualified teachers is also a big part of the problem — only 15 per cent of the candidates  managed to clear the Teachers Eligibility Test, an essential criterion for teacher recruitment started in 2011, he says. At least 14 states have sought exemption from the TET, adds Poonam Batra, professor, Central Institute of Education, Delhi University. The lack of a qualified teacher cadre in the country is a result of the low quality education that is dished out in numerous private institutes offering BEd degrees. A majority of them fall outside the ambit of established norms for teacher education. “More than 90 per cent of teacher training institutes fall in the commercial, self-financed category. Even the distribution is uneven. For instance, states such as Mizoram have just one teacher training institute, while those in the south have a higher number,” says Govinda.
The spurt in the growth of these institutes has been rather phenomenal — from less than 2,000, to 14,704 in the year 2011, according to the HRD ministry. Sitting at her office inside the Faculty of Education in Delhi, Batra paints a gloomier picture —  out of all these “teacher training shops”, only 10 per cent are worth it. The steep fall in the standards of teacher education finds prominent mention in a comprehensive report published in 2012 by the Supreme Court appointed commission on teacher education, of which both Batra and Govinda were among the members. Advocate Ashok Agarwal of the Delhi High Court, who works on litigation around education, agrees that a big part of the problem is the quality of entrants to the profession: “I know of a teacher who held a degree from a college in a remote location that even she was unaware of!” he says.
Training the trainers
Besides recommending an increase in state investment in teacher training, the report also stresses other reforms in the sector, including an increase in the duration of BEd and MEd degrees — from the present one-year format to two years — and modifications in their course content. The former suggestion was among the few that seemingly got a shot in the arm last week, when news reports suggested that at a meeting with a group of Vice Chancellors of several universities, the HRD Minister, Smriti Irani, had agreed to increase the duration of the two courses. Reportedly, Irani also agreed to push for other reforms such as linking elementary teachers’ training to the university system. Currently, elementary teachers’ training is not linked to the university system, and teacher education happens outside university campuses.
To fix this, Batra points to the report’s suggestions of introducing four-year integrated programmes within the university system (at the undergraduate level) across the country, as well as shifting the course content to a multi-disciplinary one. An inter-disciplinary course within the university campus would train teachers in critical thinking, and involve teacher-educators who are specialists and not generalists, as is the current norm.
As the government mulls on the implementation of these reforms, time is running out. By 2015, India is committed to the goal of providing universal elementary education as part of the Millenium Development Goals, which can only be accomplished effectively by fixing teacher shortages. And Badarpur wouldn’t be a bad place to begin with.

PM Modi talks  strong SAARC  with neighbours; gets Yoga Day supportOct 01, 2014 at  04:01pm IST
PM Modi talks 'strong SAARC' with neighbours; gets Yoga Day support
11
0
New York: Taking forward his 'neighbourhood first' policy, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday discussed matters of regional and bilateral cooperation with top leaders of Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal.
The three neighbouring leaders also promised their full support to Modi's suggestion to the UN to celebrate International Yoga Day once a year, which he made during his 35-minute speech at the UN General Assembly.
Modi also reiterated his commitment to make SAARC a strong regional block.
Modi made a strong pitch before Ban for the UNSC reforms before its 70th anniversary next year, MEA spokesperson said.
#narendra modi #modi meets america #diplomatic initiatives #unga speech
Before his UN speech, Modi met UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon and discussed issues like imminent reforms in the UNSC and the need to involve countries contributing peace troops in the decision-making process of the multilateral institution.
Modi made a strong pitch before Ban for the UNSC reforms before its 70th anniversary next year, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters while briefing about the Prime Minister's meetings.
During bilateral meetings, Sri Lanka President Mahinda Rajapaksa, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala congratulated Modi on his first UN speech and promised full support for his initiative of having an International Yoga Day.
Within hours of it being mooted, Rajapaksa gave his support in writing to the initiative which would need to be ratified by the UN General Assembly by September 2015 for coming into effect.
The three leaders also said that they were looking forward to Modi's visit to their respective countries, including for the SAARC summit in Nepal later this year.
Modi told Koirala that he was looking forward to visit Nepal and said he would like to go to Janakpur and Lumbini, the birthplaces of Sita and Lord Buddha, respectively.
The Prime Minister also enquired about the status of bilateral projects he had announced during his Nepal trip.
Akbaruddin said that Modi in his meetings with the three neighbouring leaders discussed various other issues of common concerns for SAARC block and reiterated his commitment to 'neighbours first' policy.
The South Asian leaders congratulated India on its recent Mars orbiter mission and said they were looking forward to progress on SAARC satellite mission announced by Modi earlier.
After his nearly 30-minute-long meeting, Rajapaksa told PTI, "The meeting was cordial and good. We talked about various issues."
This was the second meeting between the two leaders after Modi was sworn-in on May 26, 2014.
Rajapaksa had earlier met with Modi in New Delhi after he traveled to India to attend his swearing-in ceremony.
Hasina, who also met Modi for nearly 30 minutes, said that she would not allow the soil of her country to be used for any kind of extremism and hoped that India would also reciprocate on the matter.
It was her first meeting with Modi, as she could not attend his swearing-in ceremony.
She described the talks as "very good" and said she discussed various bilateral issues of mutual concern with him.
Asked whether she gave a dossier on Saradha chit fund scam as reported in the media, she said it was never on the agenda.
On questions about extremism, Hasina said, "We are always against extremism. I have declared that I will not allow anybody to use our soil for any kind of extremism. We strongly fight the extremism and I hope that India will do the reciprocal."
Hasina also raised the issues of Teesta river and Land Boundary Agreement, to which Modi indicated that the bill on land boundary issue was already before the select committee of the Parliament and the new MPs have been given a copy of the bill.
On Teesta, Modi told Hasina that he was committed to work on reaching a consensus on the matter.
He also wished her all the best for her birthday on Sunday.
With Rajapaksa, Modi discussed various issues including a power project and a recent ATNLA delegation visit to India, in addition to the fishermen issue.
To a question that Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had requested for a meeting with Modi, Akbaruddin said, "All the leaders from South Asian countries who had requested, were granted the meeting."
Modi is expected to meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, among others, on Sunday.

Centre relooking UPA s airport privatisation planSep 28, 2014 at 10:04am IST
Centre relooking UPA's airport privatisation plan
7
0
New Delhi: With airlines complaining of high airport charges in the country, the government is having a relook at the process of privatisation of six major airports started by the previous UPA dispensation.
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju has suggested fresh broad-based consultations between the Centre and states and with airport developers, airlines, passenger associations and travel operators before finalising the model concession agreement for construction and operation of airports through public-private partnership (PPP).
The UPA-II government had early last year launched the PPP process for modernising six airports at Kolkata, Chennai, Jaipur, Guwahati, Ahmedabad and Lucknow.
The UPA-II government had early last year launched the PPP process for modernising six airports at Kolkata, Chennai, Jaipur, Guwahati, Ahmedabad and Lucknow.
#privatisation #airports #upa #nda
But the process could not be concluded due to reported difference of opinion between the Civil Aviation Ministry and the Planning Commission on the model concession agreement and issues like revenue sharing and the period of lease. The process was finally stalled after the general elections were
announced.
Official sources said discussions were now being held to elicit views of all stakeholders to draft the model agreement clearly to ensure transparency and avoid grievances of stakeholders at a later stage.
The problem of high airport charges and other related issues affecting the airlines have triggered fresh debate among the parties concerned, they said, adding fresh discussions were necessary to ensure that privatisation did
not increase airport charges and costs.
An Inter-Ministerial Group (IMG), including officials of Finance and Civil Aviation Ministries and the Planning Commission, has started the process of revisiting matters like revenue-sharing model and the master concession agreement in public-private partnerships (PPP) in airports.
4

Maharashtra polls: Congress  NCP rebels flock BJP4
0
Mumbai: Congress and NCP rebels, including sitting MLAs and ministers who joined the BJP ahead of next month's Assembly elections in Maharashtra, figure in the list of the party candidates in more than a dozen constituencies.
These rebels are likely to queer the pitch for the official nominees of both the parties as most of them are contesting from their pocket boroughs.
Similarly, kin of Congressmen are also pitted by BJP against prominent Congress candidates including caretaker Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan in Karad South constituency.
These rebels are likely to queer the pitch for the official nominees of both the parties as most of them are contesting from their pocket boroughs.
#ncp #congress #shiv sena #bjp
The battle in Karad, hometown of Chavan, has become an interesting one with the BJP fielding Congress rebel Atul Bhosale even as the sitting Congress MLA Vilas Undalkar Patil has raised a banner of revolt against the party for refusing his renomination from the seat. Bhosale is the son-in-law of
Congress MLC Dilip Deshmukh.
Among the rebels is Minister of State Sanjay Sawkare of NCP who joined BJP a few days back and will contest on BJP ticket to seek re-election from Bhusawal seat.
Former cabinet minister and state NCP president Babanrao Pachpute, who was dropped from the ministry to induct Sawkare, has also joined BJP and is in the fray from Srigonda constituency.
Sitting Congress MLA from Sinnar in Nashik district, Manikrao Kokate is now BJP candidate. Similarly NCP legislator Kisan Kathore has switched sides and is contesting as BJP nominee from Murbad.
Amal Mahadik, son of Congress MLC Mahadev Mahadik, is crossing swords as a BJP nominee with the minister of state for Home, Satej Patil in Kolhapur South.
Former medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit, expelled from the NCP after his daughter Heena contested on BJP ticket in Lok Sabha elections, is the party candidate from his pocket borough Nandurbar.
Independent MLA Anil Gote, one of the accused in the Telgi fake stamp paper scam, is in the poll arena from Dhule city. He is supporting the Sena-BJP.
Former Congressman Sunil Deshmukh, who had rebelled against Congress in 2009 for being denied ticket from his home turf Amravati, is now BJP nominee against Congress' Rajendra Shekhawat, son of former President Pratibha Patil.
A single-phase polling will be held to elect the 288-member House on October 15 and counting of votes on October 19.
1

Maha polls: Cong  NCP rebels flock BJPMaha polls: Cong, NCP rebels flock BJP
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 28, 2014 09:40 AM IST
Congress and NCP rebels, including sitting MLAs and ministers who joined the BJP ahead of next month's Assembly elections in Maharashtra, figure in the list of the party candidates in more than a dozen constituencies.
These rebels are likely to queer the pitch for the official nominees of both the parties as most of them are contesting from their pocket boroughs.
Similarly, kin of Congressmen are also pitted by BJP against prominent Congress candidates including caretaker Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan in Karad South constituency.
The battle in Karad, hometown of Chavan, has become an interesting one with the BJP fielding Congress rebel Atul Bhosale even as the sitting Congress MLA Vilas Undalkar Patil has raised a banner of revolt against the party for refusing his renomination from the seat. Bhosale is the son-in-law of Congress MLC Dilip Deshmukh.
Among the rebels is Minister of State Sanjay Sawkare of NCP who joined BJP a few days back and will contest on BJP ticket to seek re-election from Bhusawal seat.
Former cabinet minister and state NCP president Babanrao Pachpute, who was dropped from the ministry to induct Sawkare, has also joined BJP and is in the fray from Srigonda constituency.
Sitting Congress MLA from Sinnar in Nashik district, Manikrao Kokate is now BJP candidate. Similarly NCP legislator Kisan Kathore has switched sides and is contesting as BJP nominee from Murbad.
Amal Mahadik, son of Congress MLC Mahadev Mahadik, is crossing swords as a BJP nominee with the minister of state for Home, Satej Patil in Kolhapur South.
Former medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit, expelled from the NCP after his daughter Heena contested on BJP ticket in Lok Sabha elections, is the party candidate from his pocket borough Nandurbar.
Independent MLA Anil Gote, one of the accused in the Telgi fake stamp paper scam, is in the poll arena from Dhule city. He is supporting the Sena-BJP.
Former Congressman Sunil Deshmukh, who had rebelled against Congress in 2009 for being denied ticket from his home turf Amravati, is now BJP nominee against Congress' Rajendra Shekhawat, son of former President Pratibha Patil.
A single-phase polling will be held to elect the 288-member House on October 15 and counting of votes on October 19.

At Central Park  Modi calls for world peace  evokes youth powerAt Central Park, Modi calls for world peace, evokes youth power
Press Trust of India | New York Sep 28, 2014 06:20 AM IST
 
Using an unusual platform of a rock concert, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today invoked "can do" attitude of youth to change India and the world while addressing a thousands-strong crowd which gathered for "Global Citizen Festival" in Central Park here.
After a seven-minute speech in English, Modi also read out a Sanskrit scripture calling for "peace in the world" and greeted the largely-American crowd with a "Namaste" amid cheers and claps.
Amid performances by various singers, Modi was introduced to the crowd by actor Hugh Jackman as someone who started as a "tea salesman" and went on to become Chief Minister of Gujarat and then Prime Minister of India with a huge mandate.
Addressing the crowd, Modi sent his "Namaste" to also those watching the concert on "TVs, laptops, tablets and phones".
Modi said he was delighted to be among the youth in an open park and not inside a closed conference room.
"Because you are the future. What you do today, will decide our tomorrow. I feel a current of hope in this park. Among you, I feel confident about the future," he said.
Hailing the Global Citizen movement to end poverty and provide education and basic sanitation to all, Modi said, "Some believe that the world changes with the wisdom of the old. I think that the idealism, innovation, energy and 'can do' attitude of the youth is even more powerful."
"That is my hope for India too (for) 800 million youth joining hands to transform our nation," he added.
Modi said he decided to come to the festival to extend his support and to express his belief that youth of India can join them in this global effort.

Sony Xperia Z3 Compact review: This one fits your hand and pocketThe Xperia Z3 Compact features a 4.6-inch HD display with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. It shares almost the same hardware specifications as the flagship Z3.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:25 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 10:05 am
It is quite common these days for top manufacturers to launch a smaller version of their flagship phones. The latest in this line is the Sony Xperia Z3 Compact, the more affordable, lighter, smaller version of the new Sony Xperia Z3 . I first spotted the phone in the crowded Sony stall at IFA. And somehow this phone and how it felt in the hand stayed with me more than the larger flagship. I have already reviewed the Xperia Z3 and a full review of the compact might be futile as Sony has kept the specs more or less the same.
Specs: 4.6-inch (720×1280 pixels) HD TRILUMINOS display | Snapdragon 2.5 GHz Qualcomm Quad-core processor with 2GB RAM | 16 GB storage with 128 GB external | 20.7MP rear camera, 2.1MP front | 3G, Bluetooth 4.0, DLNA, NFC, GLONASS | Nano sim
Rs 44,990
What is different?
The Z3 Compact is as the name suggests smaller than the Z3 . So it has a 4.6-inch screen, compared to the 5.2 inches on the Z3. PLus, this screen is not Full HD and has a 720p resolution. The phone also has 2GB RAM, lesser than the flagship. But that is about it. It seems all these differences were good enough for Sony to be able to cut the price by Rs 7,000.
Design: The Z3 Compact looks just like the Z3, though a bit smaller. The other significant change is the see through plastic band on the edges. The phone is also much lighter at 129 grams. It is easier to hold and in a way suggests that keeping the size a bit under 5 inches has its own advantages. It is also water and dustproof with all ports hidden behind flaps. I had to spend some minutes finding the SIM slot as that flap was not marked.
Display: The stunning display of the Z3 has been recreated to an extent on the Compact. Though it is just HD compared to the 1080p screen on the larger phone, you will not be able to differentiate if you hold both phones together.
Performance: Both phones have the same specs, though the Compact has lesser RAM. But you cannot make out this difference when you are using the phone. It was really up to whatever I tried to do with it. It also stayed cool when I used it to shoot 4K video. No lag, no hesitation. This phones works like  a beauty.
Software: The user interface is identical to the Z3 and you will have no issues with it. Sony, it trying to do an Apple by keeping the feel same across all its devices. However, I have to confess that it is much easier typing on the Z3 as the keyboard here is a bit small for me.
A quick shot of Riteish Deshmukh and Huma Qureshi at an Indian Express event during Social Media Week Mumbai.
Camera: If the camera was the highlight of the Z3, then this is a notch better as it is easier to handle a 4.6-inch camera than a 5.2-inch one. I used the camera to extensively cover an Indian Express event in Mumbai and results were rock solid. In fact, I was shooting most of the event in 4K video and clicking photos right there on the video screen. This multi-tasking did not even evoke a froan from the phone. That was really impressive. This is among the best smartphone cameras you can buy, especially the video bit.
Storage: The phone comes with 16GB internal memory out of which about 11GB is free. Users get to use about 9GB of this. And it is the same for the Z3.
Battery: This is the pain point of most smartphones these days and this seems to be where Sony has invested quite a bit of time. This phone easily lasts over 24 hours, provided you haven’t been using the 4K video recording much.
Verdict: If you don’t want to spend as much as the Sony Xperia Z3, then this is a great option for you. It is cheaper and in some aspects, especially the size, a better phone for many users. For those looking a premium phone, this offer a good option.

North Korea denounces United Nations as a ‘forum of lies’Print
North Korean soldiers salute their dictator Kim Jong Il. (Source: ExpressArchive)
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:04 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 10:06 am
North Korea’s foreign minister berated the UN Security Council as a forum of lies and double standards, in the first UN address by a top Pyongyang official in 15 years. Foreign Minister Ri Su Yong on Saturday called for reforming the UN Security Council, which has imposed tough sanctions on North Korea over its suspect nuclear program and missile launches.
“The Security Council should no longer serve as a forum for telling lies,” Ri told the UN General Assembly. The foreign minister accused the top body of turning a blind eye to civilian deaths in Gaza from Israeli attacks while punishing Syria over the conflict on its territory.
He said the top body was “showcasing the extreme manifestation of the double standard” and said no action should be taken against Syria “under the disguise of counter-terrorism,” in a reference to US-led airstrikes against jihadists. The foreign minister assailed the United States over joint exercises it held with South Korea in August and recounted that the 15-member council refused to consider Pyongyang’s
request to suspend the war exercises.
Turning to North Korea’s nuclear program, the foreign minister asserted that US “hostile policy” had led to Pyongyang’s decision to develop nuclear weapons. “The nuclear deterrent of the DPRK is not intended to threaten or attack others,” he said. “Neither is it a
bargaining chip to be exchanged for something else.”
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi earlier called for a resumption of six-party talks on North Korea’s nuclear program, in his address to the 193-nation Assembly. A report this month by the UN nuclear watchdog raised alarm over North Korea, saying the reactor at the Yongbyon
nuclear site may be operational again.
The reactor is capable of giving North Korea, which has carried out three nuclear tests, six kilos (13 pounds) of plutonium a year — enough for one nuclear bomb, experts say. Already under crippling sanctions since 2006, Pyongyang was hit by fresh UN punitive measures in March 2013 over its third nuclear test.
The first address by a top North Korean official to the United Nations in 15 years was delivered amid state media reports that leader Kim Jong-Un was suffering a bout of ill health.

Govt having relook at airport privatisation ...You are here: Home > Collections > Airport
Government having relook at UPA's airport privatisation plan
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 10.39AM IST
Tags:
Ashok Gajapati Raju
(The UPA-II govt had…)
NEW DELHI: With airlines complaining of high airport charges in the country, the government is having a relook at the process of privatisation of six major airports started by the previous UPA dispensation.
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju has suggested fresh broad-based consultations between the Centre and states and with airport developers, airlines, passenger associations and travel operators before finalising the model concession agreement for construction and operation of airports through public-private partnership (PPP).
The UPA-II government had early last year launched the PPP process for modernising six airports at Kolkata , Chennai, Jaipur, Guwahati, Ahmedabad and Lucknow.
But the process could not be concluded due to reported difference of opinion between the Civil Aviation Ministry and the Planning Commission on the model concession agreement and issues like revenue sharing and the period of lease. The process was finally stalled after the general elections were announced.
Official sources said discussions were now being held to elicit views of all stakeholders to draft the model agreement clearly to ensure transparency and avoid grievances of stakeholders at a later stage.
The problem of high airport charges and other related issues affecting the airlines have triggered fresh debate among the parties concerned, they said, adding fresh discussions were necessary to ensure that privatisation did not increase airport charges and costs.
An Inter-Ministerial Group (IMG), including officials of Finance and Civil Aviation Ministries and the Planning Commission, has started the process of revisiting matters like revenue-sharing model and the master concession agreement in public-private partnerships (PPP) in airports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF under scanner for alleged service tax evasionDLF under scanner for alleged service tax evasion
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 10:05 AM IST
Real estate major DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
A case against DLF has been registered by the Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) for alleged non -payment of service tax over transfer of development rights to other firms, official sources said.
The liability for payment of service tax is on the owners who transfer land to others. DLF did not discharge its service tax liability on the consideration received towards transfer of the development rights of its land, they said.
When contacted by PTI, DLF denied any charge of service tax evasion by it and any of its group companies.
"We will like to deny any charges of evasion of service tax by any group company. The matter of development rights has been under discussion with the tax authorities because development rights are a part of an immovable property and hence not subject to service tax.
"We adhere to the highest standards of compliance in all tax matters and are hopeful of an early and satisfactory resolution of this issue with them," a DLF spokesperson said.
During the course of investigation, tax officials also found that DLF has entered into an arrangement with various land-owning companies, which are its subsidiaries, for transfer of development rights by them to it, the sources said.

PM Modi calls for world peace at rock concert in New York  stresses power of youthModi greets crowd at rock concert with 'namaste', calls for world peace
PTI  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 07:32 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:53 IST(28/9/2014)
Comments
Using an unusual platform of a rock concert, Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked on Sunday a "can do" attitude of youth to change India and the world, while addressing a thousands-strong crowd which gathered for "Global Citizen Festival" in Central Park in New York.
After a seven-minute speech in English, Modi also read out a Sanskrit scripture calling for "peace in the world" and greeted the largely American crowd with a "Namaste" amid cheers and claps.
Watch: Modi shares stage with Hugh Jackman at Global Citizen Festival 2014
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi speaks at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at  Central Park in New York. (AP photo)
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi, left and Hugh Jackman speak at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at  Central Park in New York. (AP photo)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi holds hands with actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi shakes hands with actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi appears on screen as he speaks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi hugs actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park, New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi speaks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park, New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi walks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi waves to the crowd as actor Hugh Jackman and his wife Deborra-Lee Furness watch on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park, New ...
Amid performances by various singers, Modi was introduced to the crowd by actor Hugh Jackman as someone who started as a "tea salesman" and went on to become chief minister of Gujarat and then Prime Minister of India with a huge mandate.
 
Addressing the crowd, Modi also sent his "Namaste" to those watching the concert on "TVs, laptops, tablets and phones".
     
Modi said he was delighted to be among the youth in an open park and not inside a closed conference room. "Because you are the future. What you do today, will decide our tomorrow. I feel a current of hope in this park. Among you, I feel confident about the future," he said.
Read: Modi invites Indian-American business leaders to India
Hailing the Global Citizen movement to end poverty and provide education and basic sanitation to all, Modi said, "Some believe that the world changes with the wisdom of the old. I think that the idealism, innovation, energy and 'can do' attitude of the youth is even more powerful."     
"That is my hope for India too (for) 800 million youth joining hands to transform our nation," he added.
 
Modi said he decided to come to the festival to extend his support and to express his belief that youth of India can join them in this global effort.

Day 3: Network18 s comprehensive coverage of PM Modi s US visitmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Oklahoma Beheading: Suspect Celebrated ISIS on Facebook  Tried to Convert Co-Workers to IslamOklahoma Beheading: Suspect Celebrated ISIS on Facebook  Tried to Convert Co-Workers to Islam
Trai recommendations on spectrum pricing by ...Trai recommendations on spectrum pricing likely by end of October
By PTI | 28 Sep, 2014, 11.19AM IST
0
Share More
In December 2015, 4 licences of Airtel, 7 each of Idea, Reliance Telecom and Vodafone will complete their 20-year term and would require renewal.
()
NEW DELHI: Telecom regulator Trai is likely to come out with recommendations on spectrum pricing for the next round of auction by the end of next month.
"The recommendations are likely to come by the end of October," a source in Trai said.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) in August had started the consultation process for the next round of auctions for spectrum held by mobile operators - Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and RCom - as some of their licences are set to expire in 2015-16.
Trai will recommend the reserve price of spectrum to be auctioned across 18 out of the 22-telecom service areas across the country for 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz bands, used for providing mobile services based on GSM technology standard.
The Authority has recently conducted an open house discussion with industry players in order to get their views on reserve price, quantum of spectrum and other issues related to auction.
In December 2015, 4 licences of Bharti Airtel , 7 each of Idea Cellular, Reliance Telecom and Vodafone will complete their 20-year term and would require renewal.
The companies can renew their licences by paying a fixed fee but for continuing mobile and other wireless services they will need to buy spectrum afresh through auction at market determined rates. By April 2016, two more permits of Bharti and Idea will come up for renewal.
As per Trai, 184 Mhz of spectrum in 900 MHz band and 104 MHz in 1800 Mhz band can be put up for the auction.
The government, in its Budget Estimates for the current financial year, 2014-15, has projected minimum revenue of Rs 9,355 crore from auction of 800 Mhz as well as the 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz bands.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Modi in America: On First Day  Modi Gets Rockstar WelcomeModi in America: On First Day  Modi Gets Rockstar Welcome
Activist Investor Buys Stake in Yahoo  Urges AOL MergerActivist Investor Buys Stake in Yahoo  Urges AOL Merger
SL wins backing of 22 nations against UN rights probeSL wins backing of 22 nations against UN rights probe
Religare to stay in health insurance businessReligare to stay in health insurance business
Acquisition of JP s power assets to boost JSW Energy s prospectsAcquisition of JP s power assets to boost JSW Energy s prospects
Army likely to replace the Indo-Tibetan Border Police along LAC: Sources6
1
Leh: In a significant move aimed at countering the increasing threat and incidents of incursion by China's People's Liberation Army, the Centre is contemplating replacing the ITBP by the Army, particularly in the Ladakh sector.
Maximum number of incidents of incursion have been reported here. The Army's role in handling the recent crisis at Chumar has been appreciated as it took a tough stand on the issue of not letting the PLA troops to intimidate its soldiers.
The Army had even successfully managed to set up an observation hut at a strategic location in the Chumar region. Government sources said it was the Army's prompt and immediate action that put a complete check on PLA's plans for any further advancement into the Indian territory.
The Army had even successfully managed to set up an observation hut at a strategic location in the Chumar region.
#ladakh #army #incursion #itbp
Thus, there is now a growing view in the government that the Army and not the ITBP should be made the "first line of defence'' along the India-China border.
The issue was discussed between National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and the officials of the Defence and Home Ministry.
21

How will White House host its dinner with Modi on fastIndia’s fussy politicians a challenge for western diplomatic chefs
Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Narendra Modi
(Perhaps it is a subtle way…)
MUMBAI: A week before Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US, the Indian and Indian-American media were already packing in stories about it. Meanwhile, mainstream American media had barely noticed he was coming, but a Washington Post blog had picked up on the peculiar problem he posed for the White House: how were they to do the usual formal dinner for a man on a strict fast?
This seems to be a specialty of Indian politicians. Many have personal dietary quirks or restrictions imposed by their religion, and the chefs at the White House and similar places are used to dealing with them.
For example, a lot of salmon is served at these events — fish conveniently passes halal and kosher requirements and has a healthy reputation while salmon in particular seems luxurious enough and can be served largely boneless to prevent fears of the chief guest choking. But Indian politicians appear to stump even the most experienced diplomatic chefs, and do it in a way that makes everyone else uncomfortable.
Perhaps it is a subtle way to score political points, and their food choices, or non-choices, do tend to cast them in a virtuous, if eccentric light.
Practice started with Bapu
It certainly makes for memorable media moments, though actual long-term benefits might be questionable.
The practice really started with Mahatma Gandhi, though the British had long been aware of the pitfalls of political dining in India, and had learned to have separate cooks for different communities. Gandhi actually simplified matters by making his own food arrangements, which were often in the hands of Mirabehn, the Englishwoman who was originally Madeleine Slade. For Gandhi she was just a useful helper, but some racist Englishmen saw a white woman waiting on an Indian as deliberate provocation.
Lord Irwin, the Viceroy, didn't feel this way when, during the Gandhi-Irwin talks in 1931, she was told to bring Gandhi's food to the Viceroy's Lodge (now Rashtrapati Bhavan) so they didn't have to break the talks to eat. In her autobiography, 'The Spirit's Pilgrimage', she recalled that in those days his diet was mostly dates and goat's milk, which she quickly packed along with the metal jail utensils that he had made a point of continuing to use.
On reaching the palace she was ushered into the Viceroy's huge study where, she says, he greeted her with perfect friendliness. The room had a fitted carpet and she didn't want to risk spilling milk on it, but luckily she noticed a corner that was bare. She opened her basket there and poured the hot milk over the dates and gave it to Gandhi to eat. The Viceroy was intrigued and asked what it was: "'The Prophet's food,' said Bapu with a smile." Irwin was a devout Christian and would have got the allusion to the Middle East, but could he also have got a perhaps joking reference by Gandhi's own status?
The talks were followed by the Round Table conference for which Gandhi went to Europe. The food challenge this posed revolved around goats since Gandhi only drank their milk. It was almost the only protein he took so any shortfall soon had negative effects. Taking a goat on the ship to Europe was no problem, but it became harder once they got to Italy and took a train from there. At Paris, for example, Mirabehn recalled that a beautiful white goat had been provided, but the crowds that had come to see Gandhi were so great she couldn't make her way to the goat.
  Gandhi's dietary needs didn't affect his work. But this may not have been the case with Morarji Desai. The problem was not just that Desai had a very restricted diet, but that he tried putting restrictions on others as well. MO Matthai, Jawaharlal Nehru's assistant, recalled how Desai tried to stop Delhi's embassies from serving alcohol, which almost caused a diplomatic incident since embassies are technically not under the jurisdiction of the country they are in.
But MV Kamath, the veteran journalist, recalled that the real problem came with a dinner for Richard Nixon. In the early 1960s, before he was president of the US, Nixon had come to Delhi and was met by Desai, then a senior minister in Nehru's government. But Nixon was miffed at what he felt was "a meagre reception", with only vegetarian food and no alcohol, a particular hardship for him. When he went to Pakistan after that and was treated lavishly, it fixed his dislike for India and preference for Pakistan, which would cause huge problems when the Bangladesh crisis broke out.

Restaurants promote their veg menu to keep in sync with Navratri festivalYou are here: Home > Collections > Kfc
Restaurant chains increasing vegetarian menu rapidly in the country
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Domino's Pizza
(We realised we couldn't…)
NEW DELHI: When Kentucky Fried Chicken, synonymous with its 'finger lickin good' positioning, altered its tagline for India to 'so veg, so good' to promote its paneer zinger burger and veg twister this March, it was not just a marketing fad. Since then the fast-food chain's sales of its vegetarian items in the country have shot up by 50%. "On different days of the week, various people turn vegetarian for different religious reasons.
We realised we couldn't alienate those consumers and needed to go after them," said Dhruv Kaul, chief marketing officer at Yum! Restaurants that owns KFC.
With Indian consumers, including a significant number of youngsters, adopting vegetarianism in a big way, global and Indian restaurant chains such as Domino's Pizza, McDonald's, Mad Over Donuts and Made in Punjab are increasing their vegetarian menu rapidly in the country, backed with marketing campaigns.
"It's an undeniable fact that India is largely a vegetarian market. It's telling you in the face," Yum!'s Kaul said.
KFC backed up its 'so
veg, so good' tagline by boosting its vegetarian menu with items such as veg rice bowls and veg rockin' burgers, and playing videos across its stores showing how it was using separate kitchen areas and separate oil for cooking the vegetarian food along with a social media campaign to tell consumers how serious it is about vegetarian menu. It goes without saying that India has the largest number of vegetarian dishes on KFC menu. Zorawar Kalra, celebrity chef Jiggs Kalra's entrepreneur son who runs Made in Punjab restaurants, said that despite items like butter chicken being the best-known Punjabi cuisine, more than half of his sales come from vegetarian food.
'Trend increasing steadily'
"With consumers in the West also talking about adopting vegetarianism, it's more than a fad now," he said. "That India is the only naturally vegetarian country in the world accelerates the focus on vegetarianism that much more."
A recent survey on pizza sales by food delivery portal foodpanda.in showed that almost four out of every five pizzas sold in Delhi are vegetarian. "It surprised us, coming from Delhi with its majority pop Punjabi population," said Rohit Chaddha, co-founder and CEO at foodpanda. He said 15% of the 4,000-odd restaurants listed on foodpanda now serve only vegetarian food. "Our observation is the trend is steadily increasing, which could be because of religion and sensitivity to animals."
Aji Nair, vice-president for the food & beverages division at Mirah Hospitality, said a combination of factors is driving up vegetarianism in the country. "We've observed that youngsters are now participating in a lot of rituals. Besides, people directly or indirectly connect health consciousness to vegetarianism," he said.
Mirah Hospitality-owned Khandani Rajdhani, which runs a chain of 28 allvegetarian restaurants, on an average sells about 1.9 lakh vegetarian thalis a month.
Devendra Chawla, president of Future Group-owned Food Bazaar, said there are several things driving youngsters to go vegetarian.
"The landscape of food consumption is undergoing a huge change with new trends like vegan and gluten-free foods. The young are citing a host of reasons for going meat-free, from personal taste and concerns about animal treatment to influence of peers and celebrities," he said. "The chef revolution is also contributing by glamourising use of vegetarian food."
  Multinational chains have been quick to adapt to the trend. Domino's Pizza, the country's biggest fast-food chain, said 65% of its pizza sales in the country are vegetarian. The chain already has 11 pure-vegetarian outlets in the country including ones at religious places of Golden Temple in Amritsar, Haridwar, Shirdi and Vaishno Devi.
"We expect that 65-70% of our consumption mix will continue in favour of vegetarian food," said Harneet Singh Rajpal, senior vice-president for marketing at Jubilant FoodWorks that runs Domino's in the country.
With the start of the nine-day Navratri festival — when a large number of nonveg Hindus specially in the North and West go off meat — on Thursday, most food chains are promoting their vegetarian menu.
Domino's, for example, is promoting its five new vegetarian pizzas during this period. "We expect at least 60% of our non-vegetarian customers to turn purely vegetarian during this period," Rajpal said.
Burger and fries chain McDonald's biggest selling product in India remains aloo tikki burger despite a string of chicken and egg innovations. "Sale of non-vegetarian products does go down during the Navratras. But it is more than compensated by robust volume increase in the sale of vegetarian products," said Rajesh Kumar Maini, general manager for corporate communications at McDonald's (North & East).
Doughnut chain Mad over Donuts (MOD) displays across all its stores upfront that its doughnuts, cookies and cupcakes are completely eggless. "It's made a huge difference to our sales. We tell this (that we are 100% eggless) to consumers in all our campaigns, on social media, and point of sale," said Tarak Bhattacharya, chief operating officer at MOD.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi s navratri fast not an issue: White HouseBarack Obama
("The President looks forward…)
WASHINGTON: In view of Prime Minister Narendra Modi observing 'Navratri' fast during his US visit, the White House today said this is unlikely to be an issue as they respectfully accommodate the practices of visitors.
"We are aware of the Prime Minister's plans to fast during his visit to Washington. As with all guests hosted by US Presidents over the years, we always work to respectfully accommodate the practices of our visitors," said Caitlin Hayden, Spokesperson of the National Security Council .
"The President looks forward to a successful bilateral visit with the Prime Minister, and we do not anticipate this being an issue in any way," Hayden told PTI when asked about Modi's Navaratri fast, during which he will be on a liquid diet and consume lemonade with some honey and a cup of tea every day.
The White House did not provide any further details, of what Modi would be served during the private working dinner hosted by US President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29.
However, the White House Historical Association, believes that the details of the dinner have already been worked out, which would be respectful of the religious practices and believes of the visiting leader.
"Since the early 1920s, the Office of Protocol at the State Department always meets with -- as happened with the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister -- the Head of State advance team several weeks in advance and goes over every detail of the visit, which includes any dietary concerns or restrictions," Lara M Kline, spokesperson of the White House Historical Association, said.
"So the Indian advance team and the State Department Office of Protocol would have come to an understanding and an agreement related to his arrival and there is always the utmost concern, respect and consideration of the Head of State. I know, they would absolutely do everything he would be comfortable with, which the advance team shared," Kline said.
The Obama's White House -- courtesy the First Lady -- has its own bee hive and produces honey which is used by the First Family and the White House kitchen.
The beehive is located on the South Lawn, and the foraging bees help pollinate the Kitchen Garden.
Charlie Brandt, a White House carpenter for more than two decades, who started beekeeping as a hobby, is the official beekeeper of the first ever beehive on White House grounds.
Meanwhile, yesterday in New Delhi, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, "It is normal diplomatic practice that when we discuss any engagement which may entail any meal or any other food... for the host to request and for the guest, that is the Indian side, to indicate what are the dietary preferences."
"And let me assure you that those dietary preferences have been indicated to the host (US) and they have taken note of it and have prepared everything accordingly," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telecom firms relying on social media to hire talentTelecom firms relying on social media to hire talent
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 04.00AM IST
(A critical factor behind…)
NEW DELHI: Prakash Mehra, a 39-year-old telecom professional, was looking for a change and sent his resume to several companies. He got a call one morning from a human resources (HR) executive at a potential employer, who said his LinkedIn profile did not match his CV and that he needed to update it. Mehra eventually got the job.
HR executives at telecom companies are increasingly using social media sites Facebook and Twitter, apart from professional networks such as LinkedIn, as reference points in the recruitment process. According to analysts, hiring through social media is expected to grow by more than 50% this year from 2013.
A critical factor behind this trend is generation-next's comfort and adaptability with social media, says Ashok Ramchandran, Vodafone India's HR director.
MTS India, the Indian unit of Russia's Sistema JSFC, recruited 40% of its employees through the social media this year, up from 22% in 2013, according to Tarun Katyal, the company's chief HR officer. Other hiring channels used by MTS include 29% through referrals, 24% through direct recruitments and 7% through external consultants. The company has over 2,000 employees.
The availability of profiles of people on websites allows employers to get to know a lot about candidates before an interaction, according to Amit Das, HR head at Reliance Communications, the fourth-largest telecom operator in the country, which has about 9,000 employees.
Experts say that this gives employers a fair chance to review how well a candidate will fit into the organisational culture, which is a critical factor in talent retention. Updated statuses and work profiles on network sites provide recruiters information that helps them to reach out to the right people for a specific job, they add.
"Benefits with using social media are the availability of a large pool of professionals, easy references and acknowledgements, cost savings and ability to do analysis and an ability to find trends in hiring," says Anne Birgitte Kverum, Uninor's HR head.
Other advantages include identifying candidates for succession planning, building employee engagement, due diligence on prospective recruits and also finding ways of building job roles and responsibilities in keeping with trends and industry alignments, she added.
There is also a branding element involved in social media hiring.
"When companies hire through social media, it allows them to promote their employer's brand through this tool," says Shiv Agrawal, founder of HeadHonchos.com. Sandeep Gandhi, Aircel's chief HR officer, agrees.
Telecom sector's hiring increased 36% in August from a year earlier, according to the Naukri Job Speak Index.
As the telecom sector matures, hiring in the industry is expected to remain fairly healthy over the next few quarters, Agrawal says, adding that 4G technology and Reliance Jio Infocomm's entry will lead to surge in recruitments.
"Reliance Jio is propelling hiring to some extent but they are also poaching talent from other telecom companies. Absolutely boom days are probably behind us, but telecom will be an evergreen sector for some time," he added.
The emergence of 4G technology, a standard for high-speed data transfer, is already changing the recruiting pattern in the country as it requires new skill sets, according to T Muralidharan, Chairman of TMI Group, a talent acquisition services provider. "Existing telcos will have to consolidate, which is a downer for hiring. However, 4G technology will attract a new set of people, which is a big plus for recruitment," he said.
According to TimesJobs.com, software, sales and business development, hardware, operations and customer services and engineering project management are the top five departments in the IT/telecom sector that are hiring telecom professionals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bill Gross quits Pimco to join Janus CapitalBill Gross quits Pimco to join Janus Capital
Agencies Sep 27, 2014, 04.34AM IST
(Gross, 70 and until Friday…)
NEW YORK: Bill Gross, who co-founded Pacific Investment Management Co (Pimco) more than four decades ago and rose to become manager of the world's biggest bond mutual fund, is leaving amid a dispute with management over how to move the firm forward and end record redemptions.
Gross, 70 and until Friday manager of the $222-billion Pimco Total Return fund, will join Janus Capital Group to oversee a new bond fund. As of Thursday night, Pimco was considering naming Daniel Ivascyn to succeed Gross as CIO, according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
"I look forward to returning my full focus to the fixed income markets and investing, giving up many of the complexities that go with managing a large, complicated organization," Gross said in a statement. "I chose Janus as my next home because of my long standing relationship with and respect for CEO Dick Weil and my desire to get back to spending the bulk of my day managing client assets."
Gross' move was seen as a huge coup for Janus, which has less than $180 billion in assets under management, less than the Total Return Fund and a fraction of Pimco's total assets. Gross will manage the Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund beginning on Monday, the firm said in a statement. The fund, started in May, has just $13 million in assets.
The departure of Gross caps a tumultuous year for Pimco and marks the end of an era for the firm he helped create in 1971. Pimco in January announced the biggest management reorganisation in its history after the abrupt resignation of former CEO Mohamed El-Erian, who had clashed with Gross over management of the firm.
In the stock market, investors didn't wait around to assess the implications of Gross's departure from Pimco — they sold. Pimco's Global StocksPlus & Income Fund slipped 7.4% to $22.25 at 12:05 p.m. in New York, while the firm's High Income Fund decreased 7.4% to $11.53, the biggest drop in almost two years. The Pimco Corporate & Income Opportunity Fund slid 5.2% to $17.44, and the Pimco Total Return ETF declined 0.2% to $108.66. The news hit the US Treasury bond market, sending yields higher and bond prices lower. Allianz fell more than 6%. Janus shares rocketed more than 30% higher to $14.50.
The departure also comes within days of news that US securities regulators were investigating Pimco and Gross in connection with an ETF he managed. The probe is not related to Gross' departure, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Mars Orbiter Mission reaches out to StarsSearch for:
Reach for the stars
September 27, 2014, 3:28 am IST Reshmi R Dasgupta in Silk Stalkings | Delhi , Times View | ET
0
Valentina Tereshcova became the first woman cosmonaut (as the Soviets called their astronauts) two years before I was even born. But having read about her aged 10, I was inspired to follow in her footsteps. It may have had something to do with the fact that my favourite TV serials as a child in the US were Star Trek and Lost in Space, by then already on the re-run circuit.
When I returned to India, however, my hopes were dashed because I found our space travel was not about phasers and warp speeds but about physics and maths. The latter was anathema to me and so I had to reluctantly decide that rocket science was not for me. Even so, I was thrilled to meet Tereshcova as a teenager years later.
When the Mars Orbiter Mission was declared a success, the Prime Minister said it would inspire thousands of youngsters to aspire to become space scientists. I fervently hope he is right. Some carp that India is in fact reinventing the wheel with this project as the US already accomplished that decades ago. Is that reason for India not to?
One of the most memorable moments for many Indians was the time when our very own astronaut Rakesh Sharma went into space and beamed down a cheesy “Sarey Jahan se accha” comment. So what if he was the nth person in space? Every Indian felt proud to see an Indian in space. Like we felt proud of the late Kalpana Chawla.
The role of pride and inspiration as catalysts for progress cannot be underestimated. Proving that “we can do it” -especially with home-grown scientists, not foreigners or “foreign-returnees” -is what it takes for the young and impressionable to dare to dream, and reach for the stars even from some remote hamlet.
India’s youngsters fall into two broad camps. One lot are pushed by parents into set goals – doctor, engineer, lawyer, management – based largely on pecuniary considerations. The reasons are not always the parents own financial situations, as well-off middle class parents are as likely to do so as working class ones.
It’s due to the fact that dreaming is seen as a luxury rather than a crucial input for progress that is not merely measured in a country’s GDP and personal income tax returns, but in the willingness to push the boundaries of endeavour. The Indian child has the ability but often sorely lacks the backing to dare, to experiment, to try.
Then there are the Indian kids who have no financial pressure to enter the job market but show no inclination to do anything in particular. They drift from subject to subject, searching for something to click and make them “happy”. If given a purpose, they quite often rise to the occasion, but motivation – and passion – is lacking.
And that can be traced back to lack of inspiration. Nothing is exciting enough to push them beyond their comfort zones. More so because via the internet they know that everything that needs to be invented, experimented, or probed is already being done somewhere else in the world. So why try in India?
The unimaginative and rote-oriented education system across India also drives away dreams pretty conclusively.
Some think that curriculum changes will be the catalyst to fire India into a new trajectory. But without something to ignite their imagination and speak to their questing minds, our youngsters are woefully ill-equipped to even start dreaming.
The Mars mission success is a great chance to get young minds to reach for the stars….Since I refuse to get infected by the cynicism of both age and my profession, I am as excited and proud as the PM is about that 15 kg indigenously made satellite. Only my appreciation will not make a difference to anyone, but I sincerely hope the PM’s may.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Monsoon resumes withdrawal from N-W as South stays wetMonsoon resumes withdrawal from N-W as South stays wet
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 26:  
The South-West monsoon has resumed withdrawal from north-west India after passing western disturbance and associated showery weather halted its progress briefly.
The line withdrawal passes through Amritsar, Hissar, Jaipur, Deesa and Naliya, an India Met Department update said on Friday afternoon.
Isolated rain
Another western disturbance, though weak, is forecast to troop in from across the border from early next week.
Isolated rain has been reported from Jammu and Kashmir until this morning. International weather models had indicated this possibility from last week.
These models continue to suggest that the isolated rain would persist over Jammu and Kashmir into the first week of October.
No rain is indicated for other parts of most parts of the rest of the country except coastal Karnataka, Kerala and contiguous south Tamil Nadu, and, to a lesser extent, coastal Andhra Pradesh, during this period.
The Met Department said that conditions are favourable for withdrawal of the monsoon from more parts of northwest and some more parts of central India during the weekend.
Dry, cool winds
The seasonal anti-cyclonic winds indicating dry and progressively cool weather may be setting over the northwest, west and central parts of the country.
The only exception is the extreme north and the peninsular south for reasons that are obvious. Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka would receive varying amounts of rainfall into the weekend.
Towards the South, these winds from the withdrawing monsoon are turning north-easterly to easterly. But they would resume blowing as westerlies after the rain in the South lifts.
This would happen as a cyclonic circulation responsible for this wet spell moves away and out towards the open southwest Arabian Sea and pick up in strength.
N-E monsoon signal?
During the last 24 hours ending this morning, the South-West monsoon was active over south interior Karnataka, the Met Department said. Parts of Kerala also received moderate to heavy showers.
Meanwhile, the Global Forecast System model of the US National Centre for Environmental Prediction sees a storm in the South China Sea sending in a rain wave into southeast Bay of Bengal in the next 12 days.
This could likely herald the onset of the North-East monsoon in the southeast Bay. The rain wave is shown as concentrating into a low-pressure area, even a depression/cyclone and head towards Odisha coast.
These are early days, but the projections seem to indicate that the North-East monsoon could arrive in during the normal onset window of October 15-20.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Do we need to show India as unsafe for HNIs: NSEL investors to FM Arun JaitleyDo we need to show India as unsafe for HNIs: NSEL investors to FM Arun Jaitley
Jash Kriplani | Mumbai | Published:  Sep 27 2014, 21:21  IST
Sep 27 2014, 21:21  IST
 

Mild earthquake in J&KMild earthquake in J&K
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sep 27:  
An earthquake of 4.6 magnitude on the Richter scale occurred on the Indo-Pak border region of Jammu and Kashmir today.
According to the Indian Meterological Department, the quake struck at 9.52 pm.
The depth of the earthquake was 10km below the surface, IMD said.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

How PM should reach out to Obama | Time to weed out differencesModi needs to break protocol and reach out to president Obama with a hug that is American and softness that is purely Indian.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By: Harish Bijoor
The mint-new prime minister of India Narendra Modi is in the United States of America. Every breath he takes and indeed every move he makes will be watched, dissected and will craft his image for years to come. That image will define not just India and Narendra Modi himself but also the geo-political influence he will command for the rest of his tenure.
Modi began as a RSS pracharak and that's the image he started with: an honest and committed worker. The next big change came when he became the chief minister of Gujarat, where he pitched himself as an able administrator and a proud Gujarati. And then followed the successful pan-India push to become prime minister.
The Right Connect
Modi has been loud, raucous, rabble-rousing at times. All the same, the one big trait of Brand Modi is the fact that he can energize interest. He can galvanize action. He can get people to take that first baby step. Modi is an astute communicator.
He knows every audience he speaks to. He knows that the audience at the Independence Day address from the ramparts of Red Fort in Delhi is the nation at large that wants visible action. He therefore gets down and addresses the lowest common denominator issue. He talks hygiene and toilets. Modi communicates. And when he does, he connects. He picks issues right.
With India under his belt, it's now time then for Modi to look westwards. Expect the PM of the country to get as global as he can. After all, he represents the world's second most populous country and the world's largest democracy. The common thread that really ties the US and India is this old buzzword called democracy. The photo-op with Barack Obama is going to be an interesting one.
While Modi will represent width (remember the 56-inch chest), Obama will represent height. I do believe the opportunity will call for not only a handshake but a hug as well. Remember, this is not a meeting of un-equals. Modi needs to remember that. The US needs India just as much as India needs the US.
Remember to also appreciate that the consumption capitals of the world have now progressively shifted from the West to the East. A country which was hitherto hungry to search out markets in the US is today welcoming investment and brands from out there into the gut of the Indian market.
I do believe Modi needs to break protocol and reach out to president Obama with a hug that is American and a softness that is purely Indian. And this hug can make for a good photograph for sure. How about a selfie then, Mr Modi? Both Obama and Modi represent the epitome of achievement that comes with hard, sincere and dedicated work. Both have risen, literally from the ashes.
Both have massive social media following. Time to selfie it! Modi needs to break the stereotype of distant "third-world"(a bad word today) leaders meeting the president of the US. Modi needs to avoid the coldness of the Eastern Block.
Page 1 of 2

http://usat.ly/1rBs7okFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Wendy's goes BBQ pork crazy
It must be state fair season. Wendy's on Thursday announced it that it had rolled out the several BBQ pulled pork products that sound like the kind of things you might better-expect to find at state fair
Post to Facebook
Wendy's goes BBQ pork crazy It must be state fair season. Wendy's on Thursday announced it that it had rolled out the several BBQ pulled pork products that sound like the kind of things you might better-expect to find at state fair Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sv5X98
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
12
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Wendy's goes BBQ pork crazy
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 6:16 p.m. EDT September 25, 2014
For a limited time, Wendy?s is offering a BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich, BBQ Pulled Pork Cheeseburger and BBQ Pulled Pork Cheese Fries.  [Via MerlinFTP Drop]
(Photo: Wendy's)
2534 CONNECT 59 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 12 COMMENTEMAILMORE
It must be state fair season.
Wendy's on Thursday announced that it had rolled out the several BBQ pulled pork products -- for a limited time -- that sound like the kind of things you might expect to find on the fairgrounds somewhere between the Deep Fried Twinkies and the Bacon-Wrapped Turkey Legs.
Like Wendy's BBQ Pulled Pork French Fries.  Or get this:  a BBQ Pulled Pork Cheeseburger.   The third item sounds tame by comparison: a BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich.
Ingredients -- and nutritionals -- tell the tale:
The BBQ Pulled Pork French Fries ($2.99) come smothered with warm cheddar cheese sauce, hickory-smoked pulled pork and are topped with one of three barbecue sauces. It's 470 calories with 23 grams of fat and 1,020 milligrams of sodium.
The BBQ Pulled Pork Cheeseburger ($4.99) is a burger patty topped with pulled pork, cheddar cheese, cole slaw and barbecue sauce. It's 640 calories, or about 90 calories more than a Big Mac. It has 33 grams of fat and 1,260 milligrams of sodium.
The BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich ($4.49) comes with pulled pork, slaw and barbecue sauce on a brioche bun. It's 410 calories, with 14 grams of fat and 1,230 milligrams of sodium.
One nutritionist is concerned about these numbers.  "The sodium content is more than half of what is recommended for an entire day," says author and registered dietitian Brenda Davis.  She's especially appalled by the pulled pork cheese fries. "It is never a good idea to take a perfectly respectable vegetable and throw it into a deep fryer, then pour on more fat and salt. These are the kinds of foods that are doing us in."
But they're also the kinds of things consumers -- particularly younger consumers -- are clamoring for. "We're known for menu innovation...and customization," says Brandon Solano, senior vice president of marketing at Wendy's, in a statement.
Both, of course are necessary ingredients to catch the eye of Millennials, who Wendy's is targeting with these products."Millennials do love flavor, especially the hot variety," says Linda Lipsky, a restaurant industry consultant.  Perhaps that's why three BBQ sauce options -- sweet, smoky or spicy -- with the meals.  "People love barbecue flavor," she says.
Even then, Wendy's is hardly the first to the pork party.   For years, McDonald's has shuffled its popular McRib sandwich on and off the menu for years.  Burger King rolled out a Memphis BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich a few years ago. About the same time, the Hardee's and Carl's Jr. chains rolled out the Memphis BBQ Thickburger.
Pork is a relative bargain for the chains because it costs substantially less than 100% beef, notes Lipsky. Maybe that's one reason why pork demand grew by 5.6% in 2013, according to the National Pork Board.
The BBQ pork items will be available through early November.
But Lipsky offers Wendy's another idea for the BBQ pork. "I actually think it might do well over their baked potato."
2534 CONNECT 59 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 12 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sv5X98
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

HC has stayed United Bank of Indias wilful defaulter tag: KingfisherE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Japanese troops in rescue effort after eruptionLast updated: September 28, 2014 8:34 am
Volcanic eruption kills 31 hikers in Japan
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77cff900-46c9-11e4-8820-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

John Kerry to skip Afghan President inauguration for PM Modi s luncheonPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 11:36 am
US Secretary of State John Kerry would skip inauguration of new Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on September 29 to attend the luncheon he and Vice President Joe Biden have organised for Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Kerry, who personally invested much of his time and energy in resolving the Afghan crisis after the presidential elections and visited Kabul several times to negotiate between the two candidates – Ghani and Abdullah Abdullah – was scheduled to travel to Afghanistan to be personally present at the swearing in ceremony of the new president.
However, given the importance that the Obama Administration attaches to the Modi Government and its efforts to strengthen relationship with India, the Secretary of State, it is learnt, decided not to travel to Kabul for the September 29 presidential inauguration.
Modi, who is currently in New York to attend the annual session of the UN General Assembly, would travel to Washington DC on September 29.
On the same day, US President Barack Obama will host a dinner for him.
After the formal Modi-Obama Summit at the White House on September 30, Biden and Kerry will host a lunch for the Prime Minister at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department.

Next 3 months likely to favour job aspirants...employers
(The employment outlook…)
NEW DELHI: The next three months are likely to favour job aspirants, with 81 per cent of the Indian employers predicting a robust hiring activity, says a survey.
According to a survey by MyHiringClub.com, the nation's net employment outlook -- an indicator of recruitment intentions -- stands at 44 per cent for October-December period of current fiscal 2014-15, representing favourable opportunities for job seekers .
The outlook has improved by a moderate two percentage points on quarter-over-quarter basis as well as year-on year.
As per the findings, of the 5,700 public and private employers surveyed, a majority (81 per cent) have predicted an increase in headcount for the third quarter of fiscal 2014-15, the report said.
"Job seekers will be going to get more opportunities as our study shows the India's employment markets will experience positive hiring activity compared to Q3, FY'14 and Q2, FY'15," MyHiringClub.com & FlikJobs.com CEO Rajesh Kumar said.
"The good news is that many markets appear to be heading in the right direction," Kumar added.
Sector-wise, seven of the nine industries surveyed have positive hiring prospects, with employment in infrastructure and the retail sector projected to be most promising with improvement of 12 and 8 percentage points respectively, year-on-year.
The strongest hiring prospects are reported in the IT & ITeS sector with a Net Employment Outlook of 47 per cent.
This sector is followed by Banking & Financial Services sector (45 per cent), FMCG/FMCD (41 per cent), Infrastructure sector (40 per cent), Automobile & Manufacturing (39 per cent), Retail (37 per cent).
The weakest sectors were Real Estate (36 per cent), Telecom (36 per cent) and Hospitality (32 per cent).
A region-wise study of employers in all four regions -- North, South, East and West -- predicted a strong employment market for the third quarter of FY'15, with the most optimistic forecast for the Southern parts of the country.
The net employment outlook for the South stood at 29 per cent for the next three months. Outlooks for the North, West and East are 27 per cent, 26 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Your moneys worthDirector: Santosh Nair
Cast: Fahadh Faasil, Renji Panicker, Joju George, Niveda Thomas
Five minutes into debutant Santosh Nair’s ‘Money Ratnam’ and you go ‘Wham! Not one of those new-director-old-story movies again!’ and steel yourself for two or more hours of stiff boredom.
But thankfully, this tale of a bag of currency notes and a precious jewel (‘money’ and ‘ratnam’ of the title) gets its act together quickly and manages to be an average fare that keeps you in your seat and yawns at bay.
Events that occur over the course of a single day seem to be the rage among new directors and ‘Money Ratnam’ too jumps onto the 24-hour-plot bandwagon.
The story begins with an ambitious young sales executive Neil John Samuel (Fahadh Faasil) waiting at a bus station late at night to catch a bus home.
He gets involved in a brawl with a few gangsters and has to flee the city.
Meanwhile, a superstitious businessman, Isaac Anakkadan (Renji Panicker), his astrologer (Sunil Sughada) and forgetful secretary (Kochu Preman) are out to buy a precious jewel from a group of men. The bag with the currency notes changes hands, upsets plans and sets the various characters out in pursuit of their respective goals.
There is also Neil’s fiancé Pia (Niveda Thomas) who is striving to raise a huge sum of money for charity.
Despite a wafer-thin plot and ordinary direction, the film manages to stay a notch above the scores of Malayalam movies hitting screens every week, thanks to Fahadh’s performance. Had the protagonist been played by a lesser actor incapable of handling comedy with élan, this film would have fallen flat.
Performances by Renji Panicker, who seems at home in his new role of actor, and Joju George as the gang leader Makudi Das also hold the film from falling apart.
‘Money Ratnam’ has its moments, offers a few laughs, does not give you one of those splitting headaches and is your money’s worth.

Will go by laid-down rules on Lokpal appointment: Rajnath Singh14
0
New Delhi: The government will go by the laid-down rules in deciding on appointments to the posts of Lokpal, CVC and other statutory authorities with the Leader of Opposition, who is a member of the selection panel for choosing them, not having been designated for the Lower House.
"We will work according to the rules and regulations," Home Minister Rajnath Singh saod when asked about the pending appointments of the chairperson and members of Lokpal.
The absence of a recognised Leader of Opposition (LoP) in Lok Sabha has created a hurdle in the process of appointments to key statutory bodies.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh
#rajnath singh #lokpal #cvc #lok sabha
The Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT), the nodal authority for processing the appointments of Lokpal, Central Vigilance Commissioner and Central Information Commissioner, among others, had written to Lok Sabha secretariat seeking information on the LoP's post whereupon it was informed that there is no recognised LoP at present in the Lower House.
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan had rejected the Congress's demand for the LoP's post for a party leader.
With 44 seats in the 543-member Lok Sabha, Congress is the second largest party after BJP in the Lower House. But it fell short by 11 seats in its bid to secure the LoP's post, which requires a party to have a strength of 55 members.
The appointment of the CVC and the Vigilance Commissioners is done by the President on the basis of the recommendations of a three-member selection committee headed by the Prime Minister and comprising the Minister for Home Affairs and the Lok Sabha LoP, as per the Central Vigilance Act, 2003.
The appointment of the chairperson and members of the Lokpal is to be done by a five-member selection panel headed by the Prime Minister. The panel is to have as its members the Lok Sabha Speaker, Leader of Opposition in the Lower House, the Chief Justice of India or a judge of the apex court nominated by him and an eminent jurist who could be nominated by the President or any other member.
The LoP is also a member of the selection panel for choosing the chairperson and members of the National Human Rights Commission.
3

AIADMK MLAs likely to meet  choose new Chief MinisterPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:52 am
A day after their party supremo and Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted and sentenced in the Rs 66.65 crore illegal asset case, AIADMK MLAs are likely to meet here on Sunday to propose a candidate for the Chief
Minister’s post.
Party sources said the meeting is likely to be held later in the day and all the legislators have been asked to be
present.
Majority of the ministers of the Jayalalithaa ministry and MLAs had been in Bangalore since yesterday to know the outcome of the Special Court verdict.
Some of the names of Jayalalithaa’s cabinet ministers including O Panneerselvam, Natham Viswanathan and V Senthil Balaji besides former Chief Secretary and Advisor to Tamil Nadu government, Sheela Balakrishnan are doing the rounds for the top post.
However, Jayalalithaa could still spring a surprise by possibly nominating a more not-so-known face.
Meanwhile, normalcy was returning to the state which witnessed sporadic violence in the aftermath of Jayalalithaa’s conviction and sentencing, police said.
Bus services, suspended in many parts of the state, were being resumed in a phased manner though operations to Bangalore were still not being taken up.
Jayalalithaa was handed down four year simple prison term and Rs 100 crore fine by the court in a verdict that sent shock waves among AIADMK cadres.
Jayalalithaa’s close associate N Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who are the other accused in the case were also given four-year prison term and slapped a fine of Rs 10 crore each.

Pvt equity investments to touch $12 bn in 2...You are here: Home > Collections > India
'Private equity investments in India to touch $ 12 billion in 2014'
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 11.48AM IST
Tags:
Arvind Mathur
(Mathur said: "investor…)
PORT LOUIS (MAURITIUS): Private equity investment in India is likely to touch a staggering $ 12 billion in 2014 primarily on account of reform measures taken by the government at the Centre.
In the first half of the year, private equity entities pumped in $ 6 billion in India.
"India is expected to witness investments worth $ 12 billion in 2014 by private equity players, double than the amount invested by them last year," Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (IVCA) President Arvind Mathur told PTI.
He told this at the sidelines of a private equity conference here, which was attended by around 200 delegates coming from various countries, including India, China, Japan and various African nations.
Mathur said: "investor sentiment in India has improved following general election results in May and a series of reform measures taken by the government."
After three decades, a single majority government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi has come to power at the Centre.
Another expert, Ameet Patel Partner at Sudit K Parekh & Co has attributed rise in investor sentiments to "strong corporate friendly government at the Centre, coupled with strong RBI Governor(who created foreign exchange reserves for the country) as well as equally strong securities market regulator Sebi --who have made some pro-active regulations."
"Private equity investors are now looking India as a more investment friendly destination," Mathur said.
Now, private equity industry is expected to contribute to the growth of the country's economy on a larger scale than earlier, Patel said.
Listing out the sectors where private equity investment firms can invest in India, Patel said infrastructure, real estate and manufacturing are projected to see greater private equity activities, especially since the government is putting thrust on them.
Besides, mobile-banking and e-commerce are expected to attract huge investments.
The experts also advocated for Indian private equity players for investing in African nations and using Mauritius as a platform for such activity.
However, another experts Mahendra Swarup, Former President at IVCA and now an independent strategic insight provider said,"private equity players will follow a 'wait and watch' policy as they will wait for execution of the promises made by the government."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Central government re-launches rural skilling programmeIndia
(Centre launched Deen Dayal…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre relaunched its rural skilling programme as Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana with much fanfare on Thursday, but it will continue to scout for new skills that can be added to the scheme to achieve the robust target of training a million rural youths by 2017.
Rural development minister Nitin Gadkari , addressing the National Convention on Skills for Rural and Urban Poor, asked the officials to study in depth the variety of skills available in other countries to widen the scope of training .
"I would suggest my officials study in detail the large number of skills available in China and the US that can adopted in India," Gadkari said, adding that India has 1,600 skills compared to 4,500 in China. Marking the 98th birth anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya, the government renamed the Aajeevika Skills programme and reduced the minimum entry age to 15 years from 18 years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Guajarat: PM s US visit prompts garba enthusiasts to tattoo images of Modi  Obama3
0
Ahmedabad: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's much hyped visit to the United States is reflected back home in the elaborate Navratra festivities in Gujarat.
Navratri in Gujarat is about decorative clothing, exquisite jewelery and beautiful body paintings to flaunt at garba venues. This year though, garba enthusiasts want to reflect Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States in their tattoos and body paintings.
Garba enthusiasts are getting images Of PM Modi and US President Barack Obama tattooed on their bodies as well, and are ready to flaunt them at garba venues even as the PM begins his US visit.
#gujarat #navratri #garba enthusiast #modi us visit
"I love tattoos and this time I've got a tattoo on the subject of PM Modi's US visit", said Deepa Modi, a garba enthusiast.
Another such enthusiast Shital also had the same thing to do, "Ï do it (tattoo) every year.. This time around, Modi is in the US, so I've got it done."
Apart from getting body paintings done on their backs, arms and waists, the PM's fans are getting messages of Indo-US partnership written on their bodies as well.
Stella Chongtham, another garba enthusiast said that the tattoos show diversity and unity. "I hope the partnership between India and US grows with his visit", said Chongtham.
Body painter and Tattoo artist Jagruti Parmar has been flooded with requests  - and she loves painting the theme. "It is in demand. The PM is going to the US and the youth want to show it off on their bodies. They are demanding it and I'm proud of doing it as a tattoo artist."
656

Fertiliser Ministry moves Cabinet note for Rs 1 000 cr package to FACTFert Min moves Cabinet note for Rs 1,000 crore package to FACT
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 08:40 PM IST
The Fertiliser Ministry has moved a Cabinet note for providing a financial package of nearly Rs 1,000 crore for revival of the ailing public sector firm FACT.
Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore (FACT) had earlier submitted a proposal seeking Rs 991.90-crore package for an emergency rescue fund and for short-term working capital requirements to the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilisers.
“We have already circulated a Cabinet note for revival of FACT to the tune of about Rs 990 crore and it is under the active consideration of the government,” Fertiliser Minister Ananth Kumar said.
The networth of FACT as of now is negative Rs 545 crore due to continuous losses and increasing debts.
FACT chairman and managing director Jaiveer Srivastava said: “The company is facing liquidity crunch and our networth has already turned into negative so we had submitted the proposal to the ministry for Rs 991.90 as crore as special fund for short-term period.”
Srivastava added that the company has also submitted Rs 8,200 crore long-term package for the company to the Centre.
A green signal for the package would have enabled the company to raise resources on its own for a slew of expansion and diversification projects.
The company had drawn up medium and long term investment plan totalling of about Rs 8,000 crore in the next five years, including augmenting the capacity of factomfose production to three million tonnes.
The investment plan was drawn up at the suggestion of the nodal ministry to submit a long-term revival package for the company as the short-term financial assistance would not serve to sustain the survival of the company on a long-term basis, Srivastava added.

NALCO may move review petition on cancellation of a coal blockNALCO may move review petition on scrapping of a coal block
Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar Sep 28, 2014 12:11 PM IST
Aluminium major NALCO is contemplating moving a review petition in the Supreme Court for reconsideration of the decision to cancel allotment of a coal block to the Navaratna PSU.
"As Utkal-E coal block is among the 214 blocks deallocated by the Supreme Court recently, we have asked our legal experts to examine the apex court verdict," Nalco's Chairman and Managing Director Ansuman Das said here last night.
Nalco almost met the criteria on which the Supreme Court allowed four coal blocks to operate, Das told reporters, adding that after obtaining legal opinion on the matter, the company is likely to file a review petition.
Claiming that Nalco has made considerable progress in developing the coal block and has 60-70 per cent land acquisition for the project, he said the company would explain as to why coal block development was delayed.
Maintaining that Nalco was a public sector company, Das said the aluminium major had not entered into any joint venture with any private company. Nalco had so far invested about Rs 100 crore for development of the coal block, he said.
Besides exploring overseas sources of coal from countries like Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam and Qatar, Nalco would also approach the Centre to provide coal linkage to its power project till coal block allotment was settled, he said.
On the company's performance, Das said Nalco posted a net profit of Rs 642 crore during 2013-14 compared to Rs 593 crore achieved in the previous fiscal, registering a jump of 8 per cent.
The company achieved highest ever exports at Rs 3,719 crore during the year as against earlier highest of Rs 3,410 crore during the previous year, showing an increase of nine per cent, the Nalco CMD said.
Similarly, the company generated revenue of Rs 46.81 crore during the year from renewable energy against Rs 2.64 crore revenue earned in previous year, he said.
The company sold highest ever quantity of 13.43 lakh mt of chemicals in 2013-14 as compared to 9.85 lakh mt sold in 2012-13, Das said.
Stating that the company is currently embarking upon an ambitious growth plan, he said it involved a substantial investment in next 3 to 4 years, not only in aluminium sector, but also in energy sector.
This would give a significant boost to NALCO's productivity and profitability, Das said, adding that a lot would depend on availability of coal.
Continuing with its self-propelled growth, the company completed the upgradation of 4th Stream of Alumina Refinery leading to capacity increase from 21 lakh TPY to 22.75 lakh TPY and that of Bauxite Mines from 6.3 Million TPY to 6.825 Million TPY at an estimated project cost of Rs 400 crore approximately, he said.

Mars Orbiter Mission: Challenges astronauts face0
Share More
When it is closest to Earth, Mars is about 54 million km away and about 400 million km away when it’s on the other side of the sun. Isro’s MOM took 322 days to enter the Red Planet’s orbit.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
It's not so simple. When it is closest to Earth, Mars is about 54 million km away and about 400 million km away when it's on the other side of the sun. Isro's Mars Orbiter Mission took 322 days to enter the Red Planet's orbit. Human forays into Mars could be a reality as early as 2030 and human settlement thereafter. We look at some of the serious challenges astronauts could face and how scientists are trying to overcome them.

Xiaomi Mi 3 to go back on sale in India around Diwali: Hugo Barra28
0
Bangalore: Chinese firm Xiaomi is stocking up on its smartphones in India in readiness for the festive season as it looks to gain ground in the world's third largest smartphone market, a top executive said on Friday.
International Vice President Hugo Barra said the company is now making provision to sell 1,00,000 phones a week in October, when India celebrates the festival of Diwali.
Xiaomi, which sells its phones exclusively through e-commerce website Flipkart.com, is selling about 60,000 phones a week, he said.
Xiaomi is now making provision to sell 1,00,000 phones a week in October, says Vice President Hugo Barra.
#xiaomi mi 3 #xiaomi #redmi 1s #smartphones
"For the Diwali month we're chartering planes from Hong Kong to India to bring in Mi 3 and Redmi phones because it's too much product," Barra said.
Xiaomi, seen as China's affordable answer to Apple, replaced Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) as China's largest smartphone vendor in the second quarter, according to data from Canalys.
In India the company saw more than 100,000 people pre-register for a supply of 10,000 phones when it launched in July.
Xiaomi is looking to carve a foothold in a market that has at least 80 different phone companies fighting it out for market share. On Sept 15 Google launched the first of its Android One phones in India aimed at making smartphones more affordable for the masses.
Xiaomi's Barra said the company was working with local companies and start-ups to build services for phones sold in India and the company was also exploring possibilities of eventually setting up a local manufacturing unit.
39

Ukraine backs off from EU-backed Russia gas dealUkraine backs off from EU-backed Russia gas deal
PTI
Tweet
Kiev, Sept 27:  
War-torn Ukraine today distanced itself from an EU-brokered agreement with Russia that would have restored its gas supplies during winter and helped rebuild trust between the neighbouring foes.
The European Union’s energy commissioner emerged from hours of acrimonious negotiations in Berlin yesterday to pronounce the three-month dispute on the verge of being resolved.
“We have developed a workable design for a winter package,” Guenther Oettinger said.
Both he and Russia’s energy minister added that a final agreement could be signed after consultations in Moscow and Kiev next week.
A compromise would not only save the Westward leaning nation from adopting drastic energy savings measures in freezing weather but also make sure that Russian gas flowed uninterrupted to European homes.
Yet the meeting came with trust between all sides lacking and any remaining goodwill between Moscow and Kiev dependent on the fate of a fragile truce in a pro—Russian uprising that has claimed more than 3,200 lives.
Ukraine’s top energy officials vowed today to keep fighting over both the gas price and Moscow’s claim that Kiev owed it billions of dollars in debt.
“No final decision was adopted. Not a single document was signed —— period,” Naftogaz state energy firm chief Andriy Kobolev wrote in a Facebook post.
The deal’s interpretations in Moscow and Kiev diverged on almost every point that led to the original freeze of Russian deliveries in June.
Oettinger said the compromise would see Russia ship at least 5.0 billion cubic metres of gas to Ukraine over a six month period in exchange for an early payment of $3.1 billion (2.4 billion euros).
The volume roughly covers the amount of gas Ukraine says it needs to make it safely through the winter.
That translates into a price of $385 per 1,000 cubic metres, 20 per cent less than the figure Russia began charging Ukraine in the wake of the February ouster in Kiev of an unpopular Kremlin-backed president.
But Russia said the $3.1 billion would be used to cover a $5.3-billion debt Ukraine had incurred since last year due to both its financial problems and refusal to pay the higher rate.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Is there political life after convictionNew Delhi, September 28, 2014
Updated: September 28, 2014 03:36 IST
Is there political life after conviction?
Smita Gupta
Jayalalithaa isn’t the first politician to be convicted on corruption charges but she is the country’s first serving chief minister to be sentenced; most significant, she cannot contest elections for the next 10 years.
Can Ms Jayalalithaa, who turned 66 earlier this year, survive this blow politically?
Ms Jayalalithaa is, after all, still at the height of her powers: in the last assembly elections, the AIADMK-led alliance won a whopping 203 seats in the 234-strong assembly. Earlier this year, her party won 37 of 39 Lok Sabha seats in Tamil Nadu.
Should Ms Jayalalithaa fail to win a reversal of Saturday’s verdict in a higher court as she has done earlier, what does the future hold for her? Is there a political life after conviction – or serious charges – for politicians?
Former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala is a case in point. Three years after he demitted office, he was charged in June 2008 in connection with the appointment of 3,206 junior teachers in Haryana in 1999-2000, and sentenced to 10 years imprisonment in January 2013.
Now out of prison on bail on health grounds, Mr Chautala on Thursday – ahead of next month’s Haryana elections - addressed a political rally in Jind that saw a substantial turnout, and his INLD, reports suggest, will make a good showing. However, the court on Friday asked him to return to jail, upset that he hadn’t heeded its directive not to participate in political activity while out on bail.
Lalu’s roller-coaster
Rashtriya Janata Dal leader Lalu Prasad Yadav stepped down as Bihar chief minister in 1997 when he was charged in the fodder scam. He installed his wife, Rabri Devi as CM, the party went on to win another election, and she remained in office till 2005. Last year, Mr Yadav lost his Lok Sabha membership after he was convicted. And if the party fared poorly in 2009 and 2014, it was more a result of a lack of seat adjustments: in 2004, when his party went to elections with the Congress and the Lok Jan Shakti Party, it did well, and he became union railway minister in UPA I.
And ahead of the general elections, the BJP brought back former Karnataka chief minister B.S. Yeddyurappa into the party, even though he was yet to be cleared of all the corruption charges against him – the party had forced him to step down as CM in July 2011 due to these charges. Annoyed at the time, he quit the BJP and formed the KJP in 2012. In the May 2013 assembly elections, the KJP got 10 per cent of the votes, and the BJP lost power in the state.
Clearly, if Ms Jayalalithaa can get an acquittal in a higher court, she will still have a chance of making a comeback: if she fails, it may prove difficult to remote control the party for 10 years.

Officer shot in area around strife-hit U.S city of FergusonA small group of people protest outside the police station Friday, Sept. 26, 2014, in Ferguson (Source: AP)
Reuters | Missouri | Posted: September 28, 2014 9:54 am
A police officer was shot on Saturday in the area around the troubled U.S. city of Ferguson, Missouri, but his injuries were not life-threatening, the Missouri Department of Public Safety said.
“A search is under way for the suspect in the shooting of the officer,” it said, adding the incident took place at a community center slightly removed from main protest areas.
Missouri broadcaster KSDK said the officer was shot in the arm.
Ferguson, a St. Louis suburb, saw days of racially charged protests after black teenager Michael Brown was shot dead by  white police officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9.
On Thursday, Ferguson police chief Tom Jackson issued a video apology to Brown’s parents following weeks of heavy criticism and calls for his ouster.
The apology was not well-received among some and led to reported protests hours after it was issued.
There have been bursts of violence during weeks of protests in Ferguson, a mostly black community of 21,000, since Brown’s death. Many have called for Jackson to be fired for what they saw as a heavy-handed response in the aftermath of the killing.

At rock concert  Modi calls for world peace; evokes youth powerAt rock concert, Modi calls for world peace; evokes youth power
PTI
REUTERS Prime Minster Narendra Modi (left) holds hands with actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York on Saturday. -- Reuters
New York, Sept 28:  
Using an unusual platform of a rock concert, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today invoked the “can do” attitude of youth to change India and the world, while addressing a thousands-strong crowd which gathered for the ‘Global Citizen Festival’ in Central Park here.
After a seven-minute speech in English, Modi also read out a Sanskrit scripture calling for “peace in the world” and greeted the largely American crowd with a “namaste” amid cheers and claps.
Amid performances by various singers, Modi was introduced to the crowd by actor Hugh Jackman as someone who started as a “tea salesman” and went on to become Chief Minister of Gujarat and then Prime Minister of India with a huge mandate.
Addressing the crowd, Modi also sent his “namaste” to those watching the concert on “TVs, laptops, tablets and phones”.
Modi said he was delighted to be among the youth in an open park and not inside a closed conference room.
“Because you are the future. What you do today, will decide our tomorrow. I feel a current of hope in this park. Among you, I feel confident about the future,” he said.
Hailing the Global Citizen movement to end poverty and provide education and basic sanitation to all, Modi said, “Some believe that the world changes with the wisdom of the old. I think that the idealism, innovation, energy and ‘can do’ attitude of the youth is even more powerful.”
“That is my hope for India too (for) 800 million youth joining hands to transform our nation,” he added.
Modi said he decided to come to the festival to extend his support and to express his belief that the youth of India can join them in this global effort.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Modi invites New Jersey Governor Chris Christie to visit IndiaModi invites New Jersey Governor Chris Christie to visit India
PTI
Reuters New Jersey Governor Chris Christie . -- Reuters
New York, Sept 28:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has invited New Jersey Governor Chris Christie to visit India with a trade mission.
Modi extended the invitation to Christie when the latter called on him at the New York Palace hotel, where the Prime Minister is staying for attending the annual session of the UN General Assembly.
Christie, a popular Republican politician and a 2016 presidential election aspirant, has accepted the invitation to visit India with a trade delegation sometime next year, said Andy Shenoy, director on the Board of United Nations Development Corporation who played a major role in coordinating this important meeting.
Modi and Christie held discussions on the hurricane Sandy’s effect on business and life of people in New Jersey.
The two leaders shared their thoughts on disaster management.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)

AIADMK MLAs likely to meet  choose new Chief MinisterPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:52 am
A day after their party supremo and Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted and sentenced in the Rs 66.65 crore illegal asset case, AIADMK MLAs are likely to meet here on Sunday to propose a candidate for the Chief
Minister’s post.
Party sources said the meeting is likely to be held later in the day and all the legislators have been asked to be
present.
Majority of the ministers of the Jayalalithaa ministry and MLAs had been in Bangalore since yesterday to know the outcome of the Special Court verdict.
Some of the names of Jayalalithaa’s cabinet ministers including O Panneerselvam, Natham Viswanathan and V Senthil Balaji besides former Chief Secretary and Advisor to Tamil Nadu government, Sheela Balakrishnan are doing the rounds for the top post.
However, Jayalalithaa could still spring a surprise by possibly nominating a more not-so-known face.
Meanwhile, normalcy was returning to the state which witnessed sporadic violence in the aftermath of Jayalalithaa’s conviction and sentencing, police said.
Bus services, suspended in many parts of the state, were being resumed in a phased manner though operations to Bangalore were still not being taken up.
Jayalalithaa was handed down four year simple prison term and Rs 100 crore fine by the court in a verdict that sent shock waves among AIADMK cadres.
Jayalalithaa’s close associate N Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who are the other accused in the case were also given four-year prison term and slapped a fine of Rs 10 crore each.

Russian suspicions of US motives in Syria make cooperation unlikelyUS airstrikes in Syria damage buildings.
Reuters | Damascus | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:47 am
The United States and Russia see Islamic State as a common enemy but are failing to overcome deep mutual distrust and agree on how to tackle the threat together, making any role for Moscow in the U.S.-led campaign unlikely, say U.S. officials.
Differences between the former Cold War foes are stark, say the officials. Moscow suspects Washington’s ulterior motive is removal of its ally, Syria’s President Bashar al-Assad. Washington refuses to consider working together as long as Moscow insists that U.S. strikes need Syrian and U.N. approval.
Diplomatic efforts, from high-level talks at the United Nations to informal contacts in Moscow, have failed to resolve those misgivings, which echo broader problems in U.S.-Russian relations, already at a post-Cold War low over the crisis in Ukraine, American officials say.
“The main obstacle to Russian participation is Moscow’s position that ‘this can only be taken with permission of the Syrian government or through the U.N.,’ which is not something we accept,” a senior U.S. administration official told Reuters on the condition of anonymity.
“If Russia thinks that somehow they’re going to gain some kind of shift in the U.S. policy, that is not going to happen.” Though Russia has no sympathy for Islamic State militants who have seized large tracts of territory in Iraq and Syria and face U.S.-led air strikes in both countries, Moscow’s relationship with Syria forms a difficult backdrop to talks over any potential role.
Russia’s absence from the anti-Islamic State coalition complicates Washington’s calculus, reducing the possibility of U.S. leverage over the flow of Russian arms into Damascus as the U.S.-led campaign moves forward with air strikes in Syria and arms anti-Assad rebels.
Moscow, which has been trying to raise its diplomatic and economic influence in the Middle East, has been a major provider of conventional weapons to Syria, giving Assad crucial support during the nearly four-year civil war and blocking wider Western attempts to punish him with sanctions for the use of force against civilians.
Washington, meanwhile, backs moderate Syrian rebels who are seeking to topple Assad and are likely to play a central role in any future ground campaign inside Syria. The U.S. government accuses Assad of widespread human rights abuses and says it will never ask for Assad’s permission for its air strikes.
While this all but rules out military collaboration in Syria against Islamic State, also known as ISIL, U.S. officials still see potential for common cause on another front: aiding Baghdad’s battle to roll back Islamic State’s gains in Iraq. But there, too, joint U.S.-Russian action appears out of the question.
“The U.S. and Russia share an interest in defeating the kind of violent extremism that ISIL represents,” a senior State Department official said.
“DIDN’T CHANGE ANYTHING”
Russian sensitivity about Assad’s fate figured prominently in private discussions between Moscow and Washington in recent weeks, say U.S. officials with direct knowledge of those talks. After President Barack Obama announced air strikes against Islamic State forces in Iraq in continued…

President rule likely in Maharashtra todayPresident rule likely in Maharashtra today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 28, 2014
First Published: 00:54 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:36 IST(28/9/2014)
Comments
The Union cabinet that met Saturday under the leadership of home minister Rajnath Singh recommended President’s rule for poll-bound Maharashtra.
The rare emergency meeting of the Union cabinet in the absence of the Prime Minister —  the last one was held in 2009 — was convened after Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan submitted his resignation Friday.
His resignation came after the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) decided to break their alliance with the Congress.
President’s rule, likely to be imposed by Sunday, will be a technical affair as the Maharashtra assembly is headed for polls on October 15 anyway.
During the meeting, Singh briefed his cabinet colleagues on the governor’s report and the current situation in Maharashtra. Top sources added that Singh also briefed the PM in New York about the developments in the state and the cabinet meeting was convened as per the PM’s directions.
A section of the state Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had already demanded the imposition of President’s Rule in the run-up to the polls, after the CM resigned.
In 2009, when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was recuperating from a heart surgery, external affairs minister Pranab Mukherjee — who was also holding additional charge of finance — held a few cabinet meetings to take pressing decisions.
On Thursday, minutes after the Shiv Sena walked away from a pre-poll alliance with the BJP, the NCP snapped its 15-year old ties with the Congress, leaving the ruling partner in a lurch.
Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao Saturday sent a report to the Centre recommending the imposition of President’s Rule in the state.

Rains lash south as US models see northeast monsoon on trailRains lash south as US models see northeast monsoon on trail
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 28:  
The India Met Department has said in its outlook that the monsoon on the retreat will continue to bring moderate to heavy rain for the south peninsula until October 4.
But the US-based models expect the rains to linger until October 10, especially along coastal Karnataka, Kerala and over adjoining south Tamil Nadu.
PACIFIC STORM
They also maintain the watch for the North-East monsoon (winter monsoon) to arrive over peninsular India on time. The normal onset window is October 15 to 20.
The Global Forecast Model of the US National Centres for Environmental Prediction predicts formation of a storm in the northwest Pacific/South China Sea to signal the arrival of the season.
The storm may send in a remnant system into the Bay of Bengal, which may develop into a low-pressure area and further into a depression, if not a cyclone.
Initially, this was shown tracking towards Odisha, but the US model has shifted the landfall point further south i.e. north coastal Andhra Pradesh.
SHOWERS PERSIST
According to this model, the ongoing showers over the peninsula would morph into the northeast monsoon, although the India Met Department may not quite agree.
Meanwhile, the monsoon on the retreat caused moderate to heavy rain over northeast India and south interior Karnataka and Kerala in the south until Saturday morning.
The causative upper air cyclonic circulation continued to persist over the Comorin-Lakshadweep area, while passing western disturbances kept parts of Jammu and Kashmir wet.
With a couple of days to go before the southwest monsoon ends, the overall rain deficit for the country as a whole clocked in at 12 per cent by last night.
This is close to what the India Met Department had projected in its updated outlook for the second-half of the four-month season.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

SAIL to soon take call on setting up steel plant in MPSAIL to soon take call on setting up steel plant in MP
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 11:25 AM IST
State-run SAIL will soon take a call on setting up its second integrated steel plant in Madhya Pradesh at an estimated investment of Rs 20,000 crore.
The proposed new facility, if found economically viable in an ongoing feasibility study, could be set up at Chhatarpur area which has abundant low-grade iron ore, an official source said. SAIL already has a manufacturing base in Bhilai.
The proposal for setting up a greenfield steel plant was mooted by Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan at a recent meeting here in which Steel and Mines Minister Narendra Singh Tomar and SAIL Chairman C S Verma were also present. Madhya Pradesh is home state of Tomar.
A decision on capacity of the proposed plant and technology to be used would be taken after approval of the detailed project report (DPR) by the board of Maharatna firm, the source said.
When contacted, the SAIL chairman said, "Chattapur area of Madhya Pradesh has iron ore deposits. We have applied for five mining leases in the area. We expect the Madhya Pradesh government to accord the approval soon.
"Depending on the quality of iron ore and financial viability, we may set up value-added units like beneficiation and pelletisation plant in due course of time."
About the proposed steel plant, he said he would comment only after the detailed project report was prepared.
Industry sources said to ensure economic viability of a steel plant that uses iron ore as raw material, the minimum size should be 3 mtpa with an investment of around Rs 20,000 crore along with beneficiation and pelletisation units.
By the next fiscal, SAIL's Rs 70,000 crore modernisation and expansion programme would be over raising its capacity to 24 mtpa. Post-2016, it will embark on another expansion programme for raising capacity further to 50 mtpa by 2025 with around Rs 1.5 lakh crore outlay.

Court stayed UBI decision against co: Kingfi...Kingfisher Airlines says court stayed United Bank of India decision against co
By Reuters | 28 Sep, 2014, 11.42AM IST
0
Share More
The Calcutta HC will hear the case on Nov. 10 and has sought more information from both sides, Kingfisher said in a statement late on Saturday.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Grounded Indian carrier Kingfisher Airlines Ltd has said a court has halted the execution of a decision by state-run United Bank of India that declared the airline and its directors "wilful defaulters".
The Calcutta High Court will hear the case on Nov. 10 and has sought more information from both sides, Kingfisher said in a statement late on Saturday.
United Bank officials could not be reached immediately for comment on Sunday.
The airline, founded by liquor baron Vijay Mallya , has not flown in two years for want of cash. It owes more than $1 billion to a consortium of lenders, mostly state-run.
United Bank of India had this month declared Mallya and the company "wilful defaulters". IDBI Bank , another state-run lender, has said it is considering similar action.
That could damage the fund-raising prospects of Mallya's businesses and could force him to give up his corporate positions.
Kingfisher had challenged the bank's decision as "wrongful".
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Happy Birthday Lata Mangeshkar: The singing legend s great Bollywood playlistprint
Singing sisters Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhonsle (HT Photo)
The best Hindi film songs of all time? We attempted the impossible by asking legends Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle to list their favourites out of the thousands of numbers they've sung. Then, we got 15 music stalwarts to pick the top 10 Bollywood songs of the last 100 years. Listen in on a century of great film music with us. We dare you to do it without humming...
Music and Bollywood are inseparable - lovers entwined in mad passion. There is no situation, no occasion, no emotion for which a Hindi film song hasn't been created. From sad, soulful numbers to ballads with ornate Urdu couplets; from high-brow poetry to the new trend of using English words as 'hook lines'; Bollywood music has changed tremendously over 100 years.
Brunch celebrates this unique treasure, this unparalleled legacy, by attempting to compile the best songs of all time. So we asked two playback legends - Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle - to share their favourites from the songs they have sung. And we got other industry hotshots to choose what they deem Bollywood's best. As the tunes poured in, some songs kept cropping up in list after list. They made it to our bumper compendium of classics - tunes that shine despite the passage of time. This one goes out to every music lover, especially you!
EXPERTS' CHOICE: THE 32 MOST LOVED SONGS OF ALL TIME
The Nightingale and The Rose: two singers play it back
Trying to get the legendary Lata Mangeshkar to pick the top 20 songs from her repertoire of an estimated 25,000-50,000 tracks is like attempting to look for the twenty brightest pebbles on an expansive beach! She has lent her voice to four generations of leading ladies in Bollywood: an unparalleled achievement for any singer anywhere at any point of human history!
"I have very beautiful memories attached with almost all my songs," says Mangeshkar, reclusive but still graceful at 84. "But there are a few which are personal favourites."
She didn't have to struggle much to recall those favourites even as she went through a list of about 100 of her best-known songs that I had got along to jog her memory. In fact, she pointed out that I hadn't listed many of her favourites!
Here are the best songs from the vast treasure-trove of outstanding songs, as chosen by the legend herself.
Lata Mangeshkar's top tunes
Of the many songs she lent her voice to, the legend picks her favourites
1. Tu jahan jahan chalega (Mera Saaya, 1966). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Raja Mehdi Ali Khan
"It's a beautiful composition by Madan bhaiya about yearning for a loved one that you have lost. Exceptionally touching and close to my heart."
Lag Jaa Gale
2. Lag jaa gale (Woh Kaun Thi, 1964). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Raja Mehdi Ali Khan
"Sometimes a song is either lyrically heavy or melodically strong. At times, it's both but tends to lose impact when picturised. It also happens that a song is badly written and scored but is visually so stunning that it leaves an impression on our heart and mind. This song has all those three elements."
3. Aaja re pardesi (Madhumati, 1958) Music: Salil Chowdhury. Lyrics: Shailendra
"This was my first super-hit and it scores on lyrics, tune and acting."
4. Rahe na rahe hum (Mamta, 1966) Music: Roshan Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"The music and lyrics make for a great composition."
5. Ja re ud jaare panchi (Maya, 1961) Music: Salil Chowdhury. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"The entire package (music, lyrics and my rendition) has a heart-touching quality. I love the use of the saxophone."
6. O sajna, barkha bahaar aayi (Parakh 1960). Music: Salil Chowdhury. Lyrics: Shailendra
"I'm in love with this song. Salilda composed it beautifully and blended it with the lyrics by Shailendraji, while Bimal Roy's camera-work (pictured on Sadhana), with close-ups of the rain, were outstanding. This melody is also unforgettable because of the contributions of people like Abdul Halim Jaffar Khan, who provided the accompanying instrumentation with the sitar beautifully."
Lata Mangeshkar (Photo credit: Getty Images)
7. Aaega aanewala (Mahal, 1949). Music: Khemchand Prakash. Lyrics: Nakhshab Jaaravchi
"It was one of my first major hits. The lip-syncing on screen by Madhubala added a special allure to the song and set the ball rolling for other hits."
8. Pyaar kiya toh darna kya (Mughal-e-Azam, 1960). Music: Naushad. Lyrics: Shakeel Badayuni
"I love the song's lyrics, music, choreography and the mood. Many rebellious emotions are conveyed through it."
9. Allah tero naam (Hum Dono, 1961). Music: Jaidev. Lyrics: Sahir Ludhianvi
"Perhaps the most melodious and all-encompassing prayer for humanity. Gandhiji philosophy: 'sabko sanmati de bhagwan,' appeals to me. The lyrics touch your heart and the enchanting music fills my heart with hope."
10. Zara si aahat hoti (Haqeeqat, 1964). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Kaifi Azmi
"Kaifi saheb's lyrics are haunting. Madan bhaiya created some fine nuances even though the tune was simple. The melody stays with you long after you have heard the song."
11. Ae dil-e-nadaan (Razia Sultan, 1983). Music: Khayyam. Lyrics: Jan Nisar Akhtar
"Sometimes, the director's vision of a song adds great value to the composition. I loved the way it was explained to me by Kamal Amrohi. I just closed my eyes, rendered it and conveyed the emotions. One of my favourite Urdu ghazals!"
12. Thaare rahiyo (Pakeezah, 1972). Music: Gulam Mohammed. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"The Rajasthani folk tune attached to the song adds a special charm to it. The way Meena Kumari has enacted it is also memorable. I love this song!"
13. Ajeeb dastan hai yeh (Dil Apna Aur Preet Paraya, 1960). Music: Shankar-Jaikishan. Lyrics: Shailendra
"One of the most beautiful compositions by Shankar-Jaikishan and penned by Shailendra. I love the sound of the saxophone in this song as well."
14. Woh bhooli dastaan (Sanjog, 1961). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Rajinder Krishan
"I love the song, especially since its lyrics are so beautiful."
15. Tere bina zindagi (Aandhi, 1975). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Gulzar
"Stunning picturisation and such appealing lyrics! RD Burman's music and Sanjeev Kumar's dialogues add a wonderful dimension to the song. And of course, Kishoreda and I also rendered it with our heart and soul."
16. Dikhayee diyen (Bazaar, 1982). Music: Khayyam. Lyrics: Mir Taqi Mir
"This is one ghazal by Mir that is closest to my heart. Khayyam sahab's music only makes it better."
17. Bada natkhat hai (Amar Prem, 1972). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Anand Bakshi
"People say this is one of my most touching songs. I agree. The way it has been picturised brings out a mother's love for her son. And my voice suits Sharmila very well. Not to forget the music by RD Burman, my favourite."
18. O beqarar dil (Kohra, 1964). Music: Hemant Kumar. Lyrics: Kaifi Azmi
"There's an easy sense of suppleness in this number. It's penned by Kaifi saheb, and it's just beautiful."
Silsila
19. Yeh kahaan aa gaye hum (Silsila, 1981). Music: Hariprasad Chaurasia and Shivkumar Sharma. Lyrics: Javed Akhtar
"The lyrics are beautiful! I sang this song with Bachchan saab and it was a challenge to blend my voice with his. I read somewhere that Javed saheb, who wrote the lyrics, felt the line, 'Huyi aur bhi mulayam, meri shyam dhalte dhalte,' couldn't be sung more meaningfully by any singer in the world but me. It's a huge compliment, because the song was very challenging for me to sing."
20. Is duniya mei jina hai toh (Gumnaam, 1965). Music: Shankar-Jaikishan. Lyrics: Hasrat Jaipuri
"I love this breezy carefree song picturised on Helen. I don't usually sing cabaret numbers, so this was interesting to render."
When Asha Bhosle sings, the nation listens. When she strikes an opening note, the whole country sings along.
Whether it's the flirtatious Aaiye meherbaan (Howrah Bridge), the romantic Aage bhi jaane na tu (Waqt), the haunting Mera kuch saamaan (Ijaazat) or even the music albums that she has been part of (the delightful Jaanam Samjha Karo for instance) she has mesmerised generations.
"It is very tough to choose 15-20 songs out of more than seven decades of singing," Bhosle says. "The songs I have chosen are not in any order of preference. For me every song I sing is always like my first song."
Her personal favourites cut across eras, but still evoke the same emotions.
Asha Bhosle's all-time favourites
The iconic singer lists favourite songs that feature her vocals
Asha Bhosle won a National Award for her songs in Umrao Jaan
1. Yeh kya jageh hai doston and In aankhon ki masti ke (Umrao Jaan, 1981). Music: Khayyam. Lyrics: Shahryar
"Jaidevji was originally supposed to compose the music for this film, but later Khayyam saheb took over. Director Muzaffar Ali gave me a novel on Umrao Jaan to read to get into Umrao's frame of mind before we recorded. Everything about this song was so unique. It was sad, haunting and I sung it two notes lower than my usual pitch.
"For In aankhon ki masti ke... Khayyam tried an Indian classical style and we improvised each line with harkats. Rekha added such magic to it."
2. Jhoote naina bole saachi batiyaan (Lekin, 1991). Music: Hridaynath Mangeshkar. Lyrics: Gulzar
"My brother Hridaynath Mangeshkar is a tough taskmaster. He trips you and challenges you with his experimentation with form. We recorded this song late into the night. It is a classical tune beautifully composed and was a challenge to sing. It's also Hemaji's favourite."
3. Kaali ghata chhaye (Sujata, 1959). Music: SD Burman. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"It's a deceptively simple tune. But each line unravelled a new complexity as I discovered. Nutan's simplicity and longing for love heightened the mood of Bimalda's song."
4. Aaiye meherban (Howrah Bridge, 1958). Music: OP Nayyar. Lyrics: Qamar Jalalabadi
"Having the beautiful Madhubala as a diva crooner was half the battle won. OP Nayyar's score was inspired."
5. Shok nazar ki bijliyan (Woh Kaun Thi, 1964). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Raja Mehdi Ali Khan
"One of the few chartbusters I had with Madan Mohan. I liked the fact that it was picturised at a skating rink."
6. Roz roz aankhon tale (Jeeva, 1986). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Gulzar
"Pancham's biggest misfortune was that his best songs never got their due or were only recognised after his time. I like this song's opening and middle notes."
Asha Bhonsle (Photo credit: Getty Images)
7. Chain se humko kabhi (Pran Jaaye Par Vachan Na Jaaye, 1974). Music: OP Nayyar. Lyrics: SH Bihari
"In sad moments, this song is a balm. I'm always asked for this song at my shows. SH Bihari has told me that the song was a reflection of the pain and turbulence I was going through at that time."
8. Sajna hai mujhe (Saudagar, 1973). Music: Ravindra Jain. Lyrics: Ravindra Jain
"The composition was melodious and also picturised evocatively."
9. Katra katra; Chhoti si kahaani se and Mera kuch saamaan (Ijaazat, 1988). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Gulzar
"Pancham made me use the double voice effect - he made me sing Katra katra twice, one over the other, to get an echo effect. This was much before editing and new forms of dubbing evolved. It was a tough song. Those days, it was all one take. No cut, copy and paste.
At the recording of Mera kuch samaan, Pancham would quarrel with Gulzar over the esoteric lyrics. When I started humming the refrain 'Woh lauta do' Pancham caught on to that catchphrase and composed the tune."
10. Raaz ki baat hai (Dil Hi To Hai, 1963). Music: Roshan. Lyrics: Sahir Ludhianvi
"One of my favourite qawwalis. If I'm not mistaken, Lata didi is also very fond of this song of mine."
11. Tu tu hai wohi (Yeh Waada Raha, 1982). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Gulshan Bawra
"Pancham, Ramesh Behl and I were all one group and we'd discuss music and songs over the choicest khaana-peena. The Yeh Waada Raha songs happened at one such magical moment. I miss those days."
12. Maang mein bharle rang (Mujhe Jeene Do, 1963). Music: Jaidev. Lyrics: Sahir Ludhianvi
"It's a very difficult song to sing, plus it had a sweet tune by Jaidevji."
13. Rang de (Thakshak, 1999). Music: AR Rahman. Lyrics: Mehboob
"It was a difficult song that AR Rahman made me sing. I feel breathless as the lyrics and the tune coil and overlap."
14. Abhi na jao chhod kar (Hum Dono, 1961). Music: Jaidev. Lyrics: Sahir Ludhianvi
"Jaidev's tunes were like him - simple and pure. The aching feeling and the Sadhana-Dev Anand magic only added to the song's appeal. Rafi saab's nuances helped me as a singer too."
Ae babua
15. Ae babua, yeh mahua (Sadma, 1983). Music: Ilayaraja. Lyrics: Gulzar
"I've always enjoyed singing for Ilayaraja for his unusual rhythm pattern. I didn't realise this would turn into such a sensual song. It's picturised with Kamal Haasan and Silk Smitha. It's just Wow!"
16. Ambar ki ek pakh surahi (Kadambari, 1976). Music: Vilayat Ali Khan. Lyrics: Amrita Pritam
"This song by Ustad Vilayat Khan was mellow and had a lot of harkats. It was emotionally enriching."
17. Dum maro dum (Hare Rama Hare Krishna, 1972). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Anand Bakshi
"Sachin Dev Burman didn't want to compose for this film because it dealt with drugs and hippies, so Pancham took over. He gave the iconic Dum maro dum some really enchanting bass and harkats."
18. Chura liya hai (Yaadon Ki Baraat, 1973). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"One of the most requested songs at all my shows. There's something really tender and love-struck about Pancham's lilting tune."
19. Raat akeli hai (Jewel Thief, 1967). Music: SD Burman. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"Dada wanted me to sing seductively and end the song with the high note, almost like a child whispering into her mother's ears and then escalating the vocals to a high pitch at the last minute. Dada was thrilled to bits."
From HT Brunch, September 1
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

Having it all  more than we knowComments
That picture of our rejoicing women space scientists was fantastic. They were totally themselves, wearing jasmine and silk, exuding sincerity, commitment and values as solid as the granite that holds up South India.
Indian staff from the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) celebrate after the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft (MoM) successfully entered the Mars orbit at the ISRO Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) in Bangalore. (AFP Photo)
When I compare it to confused, unhappy states at the other end, which won’t even let their young people play in bands, I know where I’d rather belong. This India has a future and works hard for it without expecting ‘appeasement’ and handouts. It has come up through its own effort, sustained on curd-rice, some of it through sturdy regional engineering colleges. Transcending its own culturally regressive elements, this India will and shall move positively ahead, its women scientists wearing flowers in their hair.
The picture affirms that there are Indians out there who have a life, who refuse to be dumbed down by cricket-Bollywood, who know things without showing off. In our wasteland of bad behaviour, narrow thinking and loud voices, their wonderful smiles brought back, of all things, the memorial evening for General Sundarji some days after his passing, at Baird Place, Delhi Cantt. Diplomat AP Venkateswaran was the flawless compere for the programme of music chosen by the general’s wife. It included recordings of Ms Subbulakshmi, Rabindra Sangeet, KL Saigal, Pankaj Mullick, Lata Mangeshkar, jazz — many wonderful songs, ending with Frank Sinatra’s ‘My Way’.
Also read: From lighter rocket to slingshot, Isro innovates its way to Mars
In between, nuclear physicist Dr Raja Ramanna, whose piano had been sent for, played two of General Sundarji’s favourite Western classical pieces, Beethoven’s ‘Moonlight Sonata’ and Schumann’s ‘Traumerai’. Afterwards I told Dr Ramanna what a perfect ‘whisky- sambar’ evening it had been, not that either was served but as a metaphor for the tremendous zest that marked a number of interesting Indian lives. The evening was a celebration of that India, ‘at home in the world’, that we were raised to work for. Dr Ramanna laughed and said that his translation of the Mukundamala Stotra (by Kulasekhara Alwar, one of the last Chera kings, c. 1100 CE) from Sanskrit to English was then in its 18th edition. His response to my remark was not out of context, he was saying that we could and did have ‘everything’.
It was not about tamashas, vulgar weddings and giving conspicuous consumption a bad name. It was about making an effort, cultural confidence, tehzeeb and tameez, vidya and rasa to furnish the mind and heart. It was heritage, hard work and being punctual, it was authentic ahar that gave you strength. It was not money-rich. It was an effort-rich, content-rich quality of life, engaged and enthusiastic, open-minded and appreciative. I thought it was headed for extinction.
Seeing those happy faces at ISRO brought it all back, connecting with the general’s memorial that it’s positive effort that makes life beautiful. ‘That’ India would perhaps be valued more today if we had upheld high standards in key life areas? But then, those women scientists and older achievers don’t seem to have hung around waiting for perfect circumstances to acquire a work ethic nor did they have to be cajoled into a sense of common cause to work for India. They just got on with it.

Agatha Christie  Jane Austen: Old classics  new authorsprint
Seema Goswami
It probably marks me out as irredeemably middle-brow, but I am a complete and utter devotee of Agatha Christie . The queen of the intricately plotted murder mystery, Christie is a past mistress of setting the scene just so, littering the story with red herrings before pulling together all the clues (and false clues) together in a denouement that I never ever saw coming.
I read my first Christie when I was still at school, and ever since, I pull out her books every couple of years or so to re-read them just so that I can experience once again the thrill that I felt when I first came upon them. And Christie, bless her dear departed soul, never disappoints.
Of the two staples of her fiction, I always preferred Hercule Poirot, the quirky, eccentric, French-expostulating, terrifyingly bright, and brilliantly (or should that be Brilliantined?) moustachioed Belgian detective, to the English spinster, Miss Marple, whose inquisitive disposition and propensity to meddle made me feel positively squeamish on occasion.
So, you can imagine my delight when I read that Hercule Poirot was being brought back to life by the Christie estate, with his new adventure being assigned to the British writer, Sophie Hannah, who is quite the dab hand at writing psychological crime thrillers.
I have been a fan of Hannah as well, though she doesn’t inspire the same devotion as Christie, but I wasn’t quite sure if she could bring the spirit of Christie and the personality of Poirot come alive once again on paper. Well, I have just finished reading The Monogram Murders (as it always is with every Agatha Christie, in one greedy gulp) and I am happy to report that, for the most part, Hannah succeeds very well indeed.
Little Grey Cells: Agatha Christie's quirky, eccentric Belgian detective Hercule Poirot (left) has been brought back to life
in a new adventure by British writer Sophie Hannah
The turning-and-twisting plot is worthy of Christie herself, the portrayal of Hercule Poirot is dead-on (is it just me who can never read the name without conjuring up the image of David Suchet in my head?), and Hannah – a big Christie fan herself – does a splendid job of conjuring up the atmosphere of England between the two wars, a society in flux in which the old moral certainties are fraying rapidly.
Where she fails is in replicating the classic simplicity of a Christie whodunit. The devices are all intact but the plot is much too convoluted and the denouement stretches credulity a tad. That said, I was glad to have read the book and sad when it finished – which is sometimes all you can ask of a novel.
But would the story have worked just as well if the detective had been an Italian called Gianni Pirelli? And if the only author credited was Sophie Hannah? Yes, it would. And perhaps it would have worked better because the reader wouldn’t constantly be referencing Agatha Christie in his or her head.
Which brings me to this week’s question: does it make sense to rework old classics by having them reinvented by new authors? Or should we leave them well alone?
Also read: Old characters must never be revived by new authors
Speaking for myself, I always believed that classics were best left well alone. If you needed to tell a story, why not do it through characters that you had dreamed up? Why cannibalise those that had their birth in other people’s imaginations?
Suspense bonus: PD James's homage to Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice, called Death Comes to Pemberly, provided a glimpse into the married life of Mr and Mrs Darcy
What made me change my mind was PD James’s homage to Pride and Prejudice, a murder mystery called Death Comes to Pemberley. This opens six years after the protagonists of Jane Austen’s magnum opus, Elizabeth Bennet and Fitzwilliam Darcy, have married and settled down to blissful matrimony in their sprawling Derbyshire estate, Pemberley. They are all set to host the autumn ball when an ugly, violent death intrudes upon their perfect-ordered world.
Like all PD James’s suspense thrillers, this one was immaculately crafted as well, but what brought particular pleasure to an Austen fan like me was the glimpse into the married life of Mr and Mrs Darcy, now the proud parents of two young boys. For all of us who wonder what happens after the happily ever after, this was a big bonus, indeed.
For some reason, of all of Austen’s novels, Pride and Prejudice is the one that exercises the maximum hold on our hearts. But even so, it took particular guts and an amazing leap of imagination for Jo Baker to write Longbourn, the book that tells us the story of the servants who served the Bennet household.
And it worked because Baker didn’t just indulge in Upstairs-Downstairs conceit, but instead fleshed out the staff as living, breathing characters with stories of their own (though I still haven’t forgiven her for the needless calumny heaped on poor, old Mr Bennet – no sorry, I’m not telling, you’ll just have to find out for yourself!)  
But while these may be triumphs of imagination over hope, do all such recastings of old classics work? I have never been a fan of Ian Fleming – or James Bond, for that matter – but those who love the spy with a license to kill tell me that William Boyd’s recreation of James Bond is immeasurably superior to that of Jeffrey Deaver’s.
For my part, I have just discovered Jill Paton Walsh’s resurrection of those legendary characters of detective fiction, Lord Peter Wimsey (later the Duke of Denver) and Harriet Vane, created by the inimitable Dorothy L Sayers. And I have a horrid suspicion that they are going to keep me terribly busy in the foreseeable future.
From HT Brunch, September 28
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

Modi calls for world peace at rock concert  stresses power of youthModi greets crowd at rock concert with 'namaste', calls for world peace
PTI  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 07:32 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:53 IST(28/9/2014)
Comments
Using an unusual platform of a rock concert, Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked on Sunday a "can do" attitude of youth to change India and the world, while addressing a thousands-strong crowd which gathered for "Global Citizen Festival" in Central Park in New York.
After a seven-minute speech in English, Modi also read out a Sanskrit scripture calling for "peace in the world" and greeted the largely American crowd with a "Namaste" amid cheers and claps.
Watch: Modi shares stage with Hugh Jackman at Global Citizen Festival 2014
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi speaks at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at  Central Park in New York. (AP photo)
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi, left and Hugh Jackman speak at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at  Central Park in New York. (AP photo)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi holds hands with actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi shakes hands with actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi appears on screen as he speaks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi hugs actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park, New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi speaks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park, New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi walks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi waves to the crowd as actor Hugh Jackman and his wife Deborra-Lee Furness watch on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park, New ...
Amid performances by various singers, Modi was introduced to the crowd by actor Hugh Jackman as someone who started as a "tea salesman" and went on to become chief minister of Gujarat and then Prime Minister of India with a huge mandate.
 
Addressing the crowd, Modi also sent his "Namaste" to those watching the concert on "TVs, laptops, tablets and phones".
     
Modi said he was delighted to be among the youth in an open park and not inside a closed conference room. "Because you are the future. What you do today, will decide our tomorrow. I feel a current of hope in this park. Among you, I feel confident about the future," he said.
Read: Modi invites Indian-American business leaders to India
Hailing the Global Citizen movement to end poverty and provide education and basic sanitation to all, Modi said, "Some believe that the world changes with the wisdom of the old. I think that the idealism, innovation, energy and 'can do' attitude of the youth is even more powerful."     
"That is my hope for India too (for) 800 million youth joining hands to transform our nation," he added.
 
Modi said he decided to come to the festival to extend his support and to express his belief that youth of India can join them in this global effort.

IIPM not entitled to run BBA  MBA course  advertise itself as management school  B-School: Delhi HC4273
2
New Delhi: Indian Institute of Planning and Management (IIPM) and its Dean Arindam Chaudhuri have been restrained by the Delhi High Court from describing courses conducted by it as 'MBA, BBA, Management Course, Management School, Business School or B-School' as they are not recognised.
The court also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on IIPM for violating its earlier undertaking given to the court that it will not give misleading advertisement or information about the courses run by it.
"The respondent No.4 IIPM and its management/officials, including its Dean Arindam Chaudhuri, are restrained with immediate effect from using the word 'MBA, BBA, Management Course, Management School, Business School or B-School' in relation to the courses/programmes being conducted by them or in relation to the representations if any made to the public at large and/or to their prospective clients, customers or students," the court said.
IIPM Dean Arindam Chaudhuri
#iipm #delhi high court #arindam chaudhuri #mbs
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice RS Endlaw, in its 20-page verdict, also took note of "misguiding" advertisement of IIPM, which is not recognised by the UGC and the AICTE, that it is recognised by foreign Management Institute, IMI, Belgium.
"A visit by us on September 25, 2014 to the website www.timi.edu of International Management Institute, Brussels, Belgium has also disclosed the same to be nothing different from 'The Global initiative of Asia's leading business school -IIPM' and having been set up by the same Arindam Chaudhuri and his father Malay Chaudhuri.
"The IIPM on the other hand, in its advertisements, is portraying as if it has recognition, if not in India from UGC or AICTE, from a foreign Management Institute namely IMI, Belgium, and which advertisements have potential of misguiding young minds who have a craze for foreign education ...and cleverly concealing from them that IMI, Belgium, is nothing but an alter ego or another face of IIPM."
The court also asked IIPM and its officials, including the Dean, to "upload and display prominently on the website" of the institute the judgement to ensure that students come to know about its status.
The court also asked the institute to "prominently display" on its website that it is not recognised by any statutory body.
It also asked IIPM to disclose the status of the foreign university or institution and the degree in the country of its origin.
The directions came while disposing of a PIL that had sought directions to the Centre, University Grants Commission (UGC) and All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to take actions against IIPM for misleading people that it offers courses like 'MBA and BBA'.
The court took note of violation of earlier undertaking by IIPM that it will not be giving wrong information to the media and others about the courses run by it.
"The respondent No.4 IIPM, its concerned officials, including its Dean Arindam Chaudhuri, are accordingly liable to be proceeded against and punished for such breach of statements in the nature of undertaking given to this court.
"However, considering that the said statement is of December 2, 2013 and admission only for the year 2014 would be taking place/ would have taken place thereafter, we take a lenient view of the matter...," it said.
The court also said that its view will not "relieve IIPM" from future liability if any other person moves against it for having been misled in the past.
Disposing of the PIL filed by one B Mahesh Sharma, it referred to a Supreme Court verdict and said that no institution can run MBA, management course without approval of AICTE.
"IIPM is clearly advertising/running MBA and BBA courses. The BBA course shall also fall in the category of management course which has been prohibited. The respondent No.4 IIPM admittedly does not have the AICTE approval. It is, thus, not entitled to run a BBA/MBA course or to advertise itself as conducting any course/programme in management or to advertise itself as a management school or a business school or a B-School," it said.
The bench took note of admissions made by the counsel on behalf of IIPM and said it is not entitled to "confer any degree" and hence, its prospectus, showing itself as conferring a degree, is "evidently false and misleading".
"IIPM is not entitled to represent so in any manner directly or indirectly. Further, in view of the admission that the respondent No.4 IIPM is not recognized by any statutory body/authority, the respondent No.4 IIPM also is not entitled to directly or indirectly in any manner convey that it is so recognized.
"Similarly, with respect to foreign degrees/institutions also, the respondent No.4 IIPM is required to make a clean breast of the status and to vividly and clearly inform its prospective customers/clients/students thereof, including the status of the said foreign institutions and/or its degree or certificate in the country of its origin and/or to which it belongs," the court said.
179

Private equity investments to touch $12 bn ...You are here: Home > Collections > India
'Private equity investments in India to touch $ 12 billion in 2014'
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 11.48AM IST
Tags:
Arvind Mathur
(Mathur said: "investor…)
PORT LOUIS (MAURITIUS): Private equity investment in India is likely to touch a staggering $ 12 billion in 2014 primarily on account of reform measures taken by the government at the Centre.
In the first half of the year, private equity entities pumped in $ 6 billion in India.
"India is expected to witness investments worth $ 12 billion in 2014 by private equity players, double than the amount invested by them last year," Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (IVCA) President Arvind Mathur told PTI.
He told this at the sidelines of a private equity conference here, which was attended by around 200 delegates coming from various countries, including India, China, Japan and various African nations.
Mathur said: "investor sentiment in India has improved following general election results in May and a series of reform measures taken by the government."
After three decades, a single majority government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi has come to power at the Centre.
Another expert, Ameet Patel Partner at Sudit K Parekh & Co has attributed rise in investor sentiments to "strong corporate friendly government at the Centre, coupled with strong RBI Governor(who created foreign exchange reserves for the country) as well as equally strong securities market regulator Sebi --who have made some pro-active regulations."
"Private equity investors are now looking India as a more investment friendly destination," Mathur said.
Now, private equity industry is expected to contribute to the growth of the country's economy on a larger scale than earlier, Patel said.
Listing out the sectors where private equity investment firms can invest in India, Patel said infrastructure, real estate and manufacturing are projected to see greater private equity activities, especially since the government is putting thrust on them.
Besides, mobile-banking and e-commerce are expected to attract huge investments.
The experts also advocated for Indian private equity players for investing in African nations and using Mauritius as a platform for such activity.
However, another experts Mahendra Swarup, Former President at IVCA and now an independent strategic insight provider said,"private equity players will follow a 'wait and watch' policy as they will wait for execution of the promises made by the government."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India needs investments in power sector: reportYou are here: Home > Collections
India needs over $250 bn investments in power sector, says report
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 12.42PM IST
Tags:
clean energy
(Due to higher share of coal-based…)
NEW DELHI: India needs investments of over USD 250 billion for development of the power sector in the next three years, says a report.
"Total investment of over USD 250 billion is required for development of the power system during the 12th plan," Integrated Research and Action for Development said in its report.
This will give an ample opportunity for investors, developers, power equipment manufacturers in developing power projects and associated transmission infrastructure, it said.
During the 12th plan period (2012-17), India plans to add 88,537 MW capacity, out of which 69,280 MW will come from coal.
The government has planned additional renewable energy capacity addition of around 30,000 MW (5,000 MW wind, 10,000 MW solar and 2,100 small hydro).
Currently, India's installed generation capacity, from all sources of energy, is close to 2,50,000 MW.
"It is estimated that around 25,000 MW capacity is being sub-optimally utilised because of inadequate availability of domestic coal," the report observed.
It said that the country is likely to suffer a coal shortfall of 200 million tonnes (MT) by the end of the 12th plan period.
"India is facing lot of difficulties in production of domestic coal due to various reasons. The scenario is likely to remain the same till the end of the 12th plan," it added.
Due to higher share of coal-based power generation, which has a high environmental impact owing to greenhouse gas emissions, India is emphasising on clean energy development, which includes the use of hydro, solar, biomass and so on.
FEATURED ARTICLES

America stands by democracy in Pakistan: Joe BidenU.S. Vice President Joe Biden, left, meets with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan during the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 27, 2014 11:08 am | Updated: September 27, 2014 11:10 am
US Vice President Joe Biden has affirmed that America stands by a democratic Pakistan and it will continue to support its growth and prosperity, the White House said after his meeting with the Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Biden met Sharif on Friday at the UN on the sidelines of the annual session of the UN General Assembly.
The meeting between the two leaders lasted for more than an hour – first along with a delegation and thereafter one-on-one.
During the meeting the leaders affirmed the enormous common interests that the US and Pakistan share and the importance of continuing to combat terrorism together and expand trade and energy cooperation.
“The Vice President affirmed that America stands by a democratic Pakistan and will continue to support its growth and prosperity,” the White House said.
Biden and Sharif welcomed the agreement reached among Afghan leaders on a unity government and affirmed support for a sovereign Afghanistan and a stable and peaceful region.
Sharif updated Biden on Pakistan’s military operations in North Waziristan and affirmed their importance; the White House said adding that the leaders acknowledged that Pakistani civilians have suffered losses at the hands of violent extremists who exploit that area.

Pvt sector to lead in smart cities  financingPrivate investments to help develop 100 smart cities planned by govt: Venkaiah Naidu
ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 04.01AM IST
("Given the inadequacies…)
New Delhi: Private sector investments will play a key role in financing and building the 100 smart cities that the government is planning, urban development minister Venkaiah Naidu said at the second annual ET Infra Focus Summit in New Delhi.
"I want to make it clear today that the key to building smart cities is private investments. That is how private sector can drive economic growth by investing in urban projects," he said.
The other means of resource mobilisation could be through multi-lateral and bilateral development agencies, municipal bonds, pooled municipal debt obligation facility, real estate investment trusts and infrastructure investment trusts.
The minister said that a high-powered committee set up by his ministry has reported that Rs 7.5 trillion would be needed over 20 years to improve infrastructure relating to transport, water supply, sewage and sanitation in the selected cities.
For just the preparation of detailed project reports and mandatory city development plans for 100 smart cities, state governments will have to spend Rs 5,000 crore, he said. A part of that will be financed by the Centre. The selection of smart cities has been left to the states.
"Given the inadequacies of our urban local bodies, we propose to spend 5% central government assistance on capacity building of urban local bodies," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

We want both highways and i-ways: Prime Minister ModiDigital India
("We want highways. We also…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi Thursday said the government wants both highways as well as information ways (i-ways) for a Digital India.
"We want highways. We also want i-ways for a Digital India," Modi said during his address at the launch of his pet "Make in India" campaign.
The campaign aims to put India prominently on the global manufacturing map and, in turn, facilitate the inflow of new technology and capital, while creating millions of jobs.
Modi in his Independence Day address to the nation Aug 15 envisaged a Rs.1 lakh crore ($16 billion) Digital India project to transform the country into a digitally empowered and connected knowledge economy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt commits Rs 500 crore to make urban poor employableNarendra Modi government commits Rs 500 crore to make urban poor employable
By TNN | 26 Sep, 2014, 11.34AM IST
At least four major private companies also made a commitment to hire at least 30,000 rural youth who have got skill training in the next three years. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday declared it would spend Rs 500 crore on skill development of urban poor barely a few hours after Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the 'Make in India' plan, which also targets to create more job opportunity for the youth.
At least four major private companies also made a commitment to hire at least 30,000 rural youth who have got skill training in the next three years.
The skill development scheme has been named as 'Deen Dayal Antyodaya Yojana - DAY' and the announcement was made by housing and poverty alleviation minister M Venkaiah Naidu and rural development minister Nitin Gadkari. Naidu said that while the current urban poverty alleviation programme covers only 790 cities and towns the government will now extend these to all the 4,041 statutory cities and towns.
Out of Rs 1,000 cr budgetary provision for urban poverty alleviation during this financial year, 50 per cent will be spent on skill development that would benefit over five lakh urban poor.
Under its urban component DAY will focus on imparting skills with an expenditure of Rs 15,000 - Rs 18,000 on each urban poor. It will also help promote self-employment by setting up individual micro-enterprises and group enterprises. The government will also extend interest subsidy for individual projects costing Rs 2 lakh and Rs 10 lakh for group enterprises. The subsidised interest rate will be 7 per cent.
Moreover, there will be provision for enabling urban poor to form self-help groups for meeting financial and social needs with a support of Rs 10,000 for each group who would in turn be helped with bank linkages.
Gadkari said that his ministry has reduced the age limit for rural persons from 18 years to 15 years to get skill training under government schemes. He also asked his ministry officials to look into the provision of providing some kind of skill training to differently abled persons so that they can also become employable.

Padmanabhan figures in CBI inquiry  Sebi removes him as CVOPadmanabhan figures in CBI inquiry, Sebi removes him as CVO
By Reena Zachariah & Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau | 27 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Meanwhile, Gyan Bhushan, an executive director at Sebi who holds charge of the integrated surveillance department, has been appointed the new CVO. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: Capital market regulator Securities Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Friday removed its chief vigilance officer (CVO), RK Padmanabhan , after his name figured in a preliminary inquiry by CBI. The agency is probing his role in a Sebi investigation against the promoters of the erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) — which was later taken over by ICICI Bank.
The promoters, led by ed by Pravin Kumar Tayal, had allegedly raised their holding in the bank in an improper manner in 2009 and they were banned from accessing the stock market. In 2012, Sebi gave a clean chit to the Tayals and revoked the ban. The appropriateness of the actions of Padmanabhan, executive director, (investigation) of Sebi, in that period is under CBI scrutiny. The Tayals are also under the CBI's lens.
A top Central Bureau of Investigation official confirmed that a formal PE to probe the allegations was registered recently. Meanwhile, Gyan Bhushan , an executive director at Sebi who holds charge of the integrated surveillance department, has been appointed the new CVO. Padmanabhan's removal from the post of CVO occurred on the same day that he received an extension to his tenure at Sebi.
An email query sent to Sebi remained unanswered. If the CBI finds incriminating evidence, it will register an FIR. The agency usually tries to wrap up its preliminary inquires within three months of registering them.
In 2009, a year before Bank of Rajasthan was merged with ICICI Bank , Tayals had announced that they had lowered their stake from 44.18% to 28.61%. But a probe by Sebi subsequently found that the promoters' stake had in fact risen to 63% with the active collusion of front entities who were alleged to be persons acting in concert.
As a result, Sebi had levied fines ranging between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 18 lakh on the entities involved.
A penalty of Rs 5 crore was imposed on each member of the Tayal family involved in the affair and it is the adequacy of the quantum of these penalties that is said to be the subject of the CBI probe. A ban on dealing in securities was also imposed on some 114 entities related to the Tayals, but this was later revoked.
Last month, the minority shareholders of erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan had moved the Bombay High Court alleging that Sebi had imposed a much lower penalty in the case than warranted by the facts and circumstances.
The minority shareholders had also asked the court to direct the CVC to appoint an independent CVO at Sebi. The petition requested the court to ask the CVC to appoint the heads of the vigilance and investigation departments of Sebi.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Industry captains  TVs Shriram eye stake in Indian Energy ExchangeKris Gopalakrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Puneet Dalmia, TVS Shriram eye IEX stake
By Baiju Kalesh, Ram Sahgal & Sneha Shah, ET Bureau | 27 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
Consortium comprising PE fund, Kris Gopalakrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan and Puneet Dalmia bids for 24.89% stake in FTIL-promoted Indian Energy Exchange.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Infosys Vice Chairman S Gopalakrishnan (Kris), Cognizant Vice Chairman and Founder Lakshmi Narayanan, Dalmia Bharat Cement owner Puneet Dalmia and private equity fund TVS Shriram Growth Capital have together bid for a 24.89% stake in FTIL-led Indian Energy Exchange , said two people with direct knowledge of the development.
"The consortium comprising the three businessmen and the PE fund has bid for 24.89% stake in the exchange," an investment banker with knowledge of the development said. "The stake could fetch anywhere between Rs 400 crore and Rs 450 crore.'' The IEX was valued at Rs 1,700 crore in July, when the Aditya Birla Private Equity fund purchased an 8% stake in the exchange for Rs 136 crore.
"We have shown formal interest in the company and are keen on investing in it,'' said Gopal Srinivasan, Chairman and Managing Director of TVS Capital. "The deal discussions are on." He declined to provide details on the bid amount and the consortium partners.
Kris Gopalakrishnan and Lakshmi Narayanan could not be reached for comment and Dalmia did not respond to calls on his mobile phone.
Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies (India) Ltd (FTIL), one of the major shareholders of IEX, is divesting its entire 24.89% stake in the company after regulators declared it unfit to run an exchange following irregularities in operations that led to a Rs 5,574-crore payment crisis at the National Spot Exchange Ltd, a group entity, last year. Investment bank Axis Capital is helping in the stake sale.
An FTIL spokesperson said the company does not comment on market rumours and speculation. "As has been indicated to the exchanges, FTIL is exiting exchanges/regulated businesses and any development on the subject will be intimated to the markets through notification to the exchanges," the spokesperson said.
According to consultants, the government may auction coal blocks using the IEX platform, a move that is attracting investors. The government may also auction transmission capacity on the exchange, on which power is already being traded.
With a stakeholding cap of 5% imposed by the regulator for all power generators in energy exchanges, non-energy investors have been keen on investing in such entities. IEX has a clutch of PE investors on board including Multiples Private Equity Fund, Lightspeed Venture Partners and Bessemer Venture Partners Trust each owning more than 5%. Other investors in the exchange include Adani Enterprises, Jindal Power, Lanco Infra, Reliance Infra, Rural Electrification Corporation, Tata Power and lender IDFC.
According to the rules, domestic commodity exchanges, stock exchanges, depositories, banks, insurance companies or public financial institutions can hold as much as 15% of the paid-up capital of a commodity exchange.
"FTIL has decided to exit the exchange business across asset classes including stocks, commodities and electricity," Chairman Venkat Chary said in an earlier interaction with ET.
With the nation's power sector poised for expansion, IEX's prospects and valuation are set to improve. Many entities increasingly prefer to buy electricity on exchanges instead of entering into long-term purchase agreements with producers. Volumes on the exchange have been rising on expectations the government will push reforms to help companies build power plants and facilitate access to coal after delays in regulatory clearances.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Make your own  invisibility cloak  for under $100!Get home-made Harry Potter's 'invisibility cloak' for under $100
27 Sep, 2014
Text: Reuters
Watch out Harry Potter, you are not the only wizard with an invisibility cloak.
Scientists at the University of Rochester have discovered a way to hide large objects from sight using inexpensive and readily available lenses, a technology that seems to have sprung from the pages of J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter fantasy series.

Delhi Metro reaches highest point at Dhaula KuanDelhi Metro reaches highest point at Dhaula Kuan
26 Sep, 2014
Tweet
Text: PTI
Delhi Metro trains will now operate at a height of 23.6 meters at Dhaula Kuan under phase III, a major engineering feat in its construction history.
In Pic: A view of the Metro viaduct between the South Campus and Delhi Cantt Metro Stations of the under construction 59 km long Majlis Park- Shiv Vihar corridor of Delhi Metro's Phase 3, at Dhaula Kuan in New Delhi.

Nine hidden Gmail features you must know9 hidden Gmail features you must know
26 Sep, 2014
Tweet
Text: Savio D Souza & Ashutosh Desai, TNN
Almost all of us have a Google account, but very few of us have any idea how we can use many of its hidden features.
It is time you use your Gmail like a boss.
Here are 8 tips you can use to make your email experience better.

Reviving talks on bilateral investment treaty tops agendaBarack Obama
(Fresh pacts on financial…)
Reviving negotiations on the US-India bilateral investment treaty will be on top of Barack Obama agenda when he meets Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Washington early next week.
Officials also expect India and the US to sign fresh pacts on financial sector reforms and online education which will be part of the joint statement to be issued by the two leaders after their bilateral talks.
"We are expecting a memorandum of understanding to be signed between India and the US treasury department on financial sector reforms and an agreement to boost online education," said an official aware of the priority areas that the US government would like to discuss with Modi. He didn't want to be named.
For US businesses, the bilateral investment treaty is critical as it can bolster investor confidence that has been rattled by a series of high-profile disputes between the Indian government and global investors such as Vodafone, Samsung and Nokia. While the Modi government has pledged to make it easier to do business in India, investors' concerns about ambiguous regulatory and taxation policies remain high.
Fresh commitments are also expected to revitalise multiple, strategic bilateral forums such as the trade policy forum, the US-India CEO Forum and dialogue on issues such as higher education, science and technology.
Activating a private sector advisory group set up last year to provide strategic advice to the US-India Trade Policy Forum could also figure in the talks, as would reconstituting a ministerial economic financial and economic partnership forum that hasn't met since October 2012.
"The joint statement by the two leaders could signal that meetings would restart to negotiate the bilateral investment pact that would help US businesses look at greater investments in India," the official said, adding that such a pact would bolster Indian investments in the US that are rising.
White House officials said that the US government is looking to seize the opportunity to work with the Modi government and reinvigorate the strategic partnership between the two countries and elevate the depth and breadth of ties. This includes re-energising 40 different working groups between the countries on various issues, while the US will strive to identify areas of co-operation in the areas identified as priorities by the PM such as infrastructure, manufacturing and skills.
"We look forward to continue our emphasis on India's energy security, including providing access to energy for 400 million Indians that currently have insufficient access and clean energy technologies," said Nisha Desai Biswal, US assistant secretary of state for south and Central Asia.
She also said that the US will look to bridge the gaps on its areas of concern such as Intellectual Property Rights, various constraints on investments and the ongoing discussion on the trade facilitation agreement under the WTO, while looking at India's legitimate long term concerns on food security.
"We fundamentally respect India's history and approach to the WTO and also believe that as our bilateral relations strengthen, we will come closer on issues of multilateral importance. We are launching and re-animating a dialogue on international issues such as peacekeeping and working together ahead of such multilateral meetings," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

For the two nations  biggest potential is in defence: Milan VaishnavBarack Obama
(There is now some cautious…)
The US starts at a disadvantage with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, whom they haven't worked with for over a decade. Milan Vaishnav , an associate in the South Asia programme of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, talks to ET about the cautious optimism in the US about the Modi government and areas of concern where Obama and the US private sector would like more clarity during the PM's US visit.
Given the state of drift in Indo-US ties since 2010, do we need a reboot?
We don't need a reboot, but we are literally starting from scratch as the US had no relations with Narendra Modi for over a decade. So the US is starting from a disadvantage as it waited till the last minute to refresh and reorient its Modi strategy and the president and the cabinet would have to go that extra mile to make a good start.
The hangover from the last few years of the UPA government has made people in the US government upset with the lack of momentum from India towards US and its economic performance. There is now some cautious optimism about the Indian economy getting back on track and Modi's active foreign policy engagements. Most people are encouraged by Modi's first few months, but are waiting to see more details.
Washington is in a mood to strike up new deals with India and is eager to seize the window of opportunity with a new government. The bureaucracy realises this is an important moment, but we need leadership at the highest level to champion this.
What is Washington's take on the Indo-US civilian nuclear deal being a non-starter?
They feel that they have been left hanging and there is no return on investment on this front. But since the Modi government is business-friendly and focused on energy security, it may find a way to revisit the civil nuclear liability laws or find a loophole that allows investors to come in.
What are the areas where Modi and Obama could make a fresh start?
The biggest potential clearly is in defence, which is a key component of the 'Make In India' pitch unveiled by the PM. The two countries could look at co-production and development of defence technologies. On energy, India is keen to get shale exports from the US, but the tricky part is the US would like a commitment on climate change in return. Thirdly, given the PM's focus on skilling the youth to realise India's demographic dividend, India must consider legislative changes to allow US universities to come in. The US could also help India's drive to build smart cities and improve sanitation, with its expertise.
United Nations General Assembly
One open question is whether Modi is pro-business, where incumbents are favoured and there are no big changes in FDI or privatisation policies, or promarkets, which would raise FDI, expedite privatisation and weaken incumbents. It's too early, but one can sense that he is more pro-business from some of his initial decisions. US firms are also curious about why Modi isn't bringing a delegation of Indian businesses along.
What are the signals you would look for, from the PM's address to the United Nations General Assembly ?
We would like to see his Pakistan policy after the cancellation of foreign secretary level talks. US understands India's position and Pakistan's internal problems, but would like to know what's next. There is also a lingering concern about secularism as people find the 'love jihad' campaign troubling, though Modi is not associated with it. He has made progressive comments about Indian Muslims for the international audience, but he didn't condemn Yogi Adityanath's statements at home.
FEATURED ARTICLES

America Inc questions Narendra Modi s reform credentials ahead of visitThe US business lobby on Thursday questioned the reformist credentials of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on the eve of his visit to the US.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US business lobby on Thursday questioned the reformist credentials of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , on the eve of his visit to the United States in which he will encourage investment and declare India open for business.
The US Chamber of Commerce and 15 other US business associations representing sectors ranging from agriculture to movie making, pharmaceuticals and telecoms, called on President Barack Obama to press Modi to remove barriers to fair trade when the two leaders meet in Washington on Monday and Tuesday.
"Since taking office, Prime Minister Modi has declared India 'open for business' and promised to incentivize investment and 'give the world a favorable opportunity to trade with and produce in India,'" the Alliance for Fair Trade with India said in a letter to Obama.
"Thus far, however, the new Indian government has produced troubling policies of its own," the group said, adding: "These actions send perplexing and contradictory new signals about India's role in the global marketplace."
The letter highlighted India's blockage of a key World Trade Organization agreement reached in Bali last year, which overshadowed a July 30-Aug. 1 visit to India by US Secretary of State John Kerry.
The business alliance also complained about India's raised tariffs and "burdensome" new testing requirements on imported information and communication technology products.
US officials say the United States will press Modi to end the WTO blockage during his visit, something that could dampen the mood of a trip aimed at revitalizing a strategic relationship Washington sees as a key counterbalance in Asia to an increasingly assertive China.
Also on Thursday, US Congressional leaders dealing with trade and finance wrote to the US International Trade Commission calling for a second investigation into India's "unfair" trade practices, detailing any changes under Modi. They called for the ITC to deliver a report to Congress on Sept. 24, 2015, a statement said.
A report requested in August last year is due to be delivered to Congress on Dec. 15 this year.
Stephen Ezell, senior trade policy analyst at the Washington based Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, told a teleconference that Modi had taken some positive steps, including an easing of some restrictions on investment in the defense, insurance and railway sectors.
"However ... we've also seen the continuation of existing -and even the promulgation of some new - trade-distorting policies that do give us some pause," he said.
Chris Moore, of the National Association of Manufacturers, said Modi and his administration were "saying positive things."
"But their actions tell a different story." Patrick Kilbride, of the US Chamber of Commerce, welcomed the Indian government's plans to review the environment for intellectual property rights, but said it remained "very poor."
The chamber would take the pledges at face value, he said, but added: "Recent history has given us many reasons to be wary."
Modi is due to arrive in the United States on Friday for his first visit as prime minister and has meetings scheduled with 17 US corporate chiefs including those of Google, IBM, GE , Goldman Sachs and Boeing.
Analysts say maintaining a positive mood will be important during the visit, given that Modi was denied a US visa in 2005 after more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, were killed in riots in the state he governed.
There was no immediate comment from the Indian embassy in Washington on the letter from the US business lobby.

Top 7 stocks which can give 35% return in 1 yr after S&P upgradeYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
S&P upgrades India outlook to 'stable'; top 7 stocks which can give up to 35% return in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 27, 2014, 12.46PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(S&P's revised their outlook…)
NEW DELHI: Global rating agency Standard & Poor's Ratings Services on Friday revised their outlook on India to 'stable' from 'negative'. At the same time, they have affirmed their 'BBB-' long-term sovereign credit ratings on India.
"Our outlook revision reflects our view that India's improved political setting offers a conducive environment for reforms, which could boost growth prospects and improve fiscal management," S&P said in a report.
At the same time, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services revised their outlook on seven Indian companies to 'stable' from 'negative' and affirmed the ratings following similar action on the sovereign credit rating on India (BBB-/Stable/A-3).
We have collated a list of stocks where S&P has raised its outlook, along with analysts' take for a period of the next 12 months:
1) Reliance Industries Ltd: Target price set at Rs 1230
S&P has revised the outlook on Reliance to reflect the reduced likelihood that it may lower its transfer and convertibility (T&C) assessment following the sovereign action. S&P rates Reliance above the sovereign because of the company's large cash balance, the fact that most of the cash flows are linked to foreign currency, and their assessment that its stand-alone credit profile is 'BBB+'.
Analysts' take:
Reliance Industries has underperformed benchmark indices by a wide margin. The stock rallied a little over 5 per cent as compared to a 26 per cent rally seen on the Sensex.
Well, some of this may be due to significant margins weakness. GRM (Singapore complex; $3.0/bbl in Aug-14) as well as NJA refining stocks are close to five-year lows. Even though cracker margins have recovered on headline, the polyester chain remains weak.
Credit Suisse maintains 'outperform' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1230, which represents an upside of 31 per cent from Friday's closing price of Rs 933.60.
"While margins are currently poor, we do not think they are sustainable as this should likely lead to cash flow issues at simple refiners," said a Credit Suisse report.
A US$1/bbl GRM miss hurts FY15E EPS by 9 per cent. Even at these lower margins, RIL should deliver 15 per cent EPS CAGR over FY14-18. A $1/bbl miss in GRM would hurt RIL's FY15E EPS by 9 per cent.
2) ONGC: Target price set at Rs 485
S&P has revised rating on ONGC to 'stable' to reflect the sensitivity of the company to the sovereign credit rating on India, given its very strong relationship to the government. S&P expects the government to maintain its majority ownership, and influence the business and financial strategy of the company.
Analysts' take:
ONGC has been one of the top performers on both the Sensex and the Nifty. The stock has rallied over 40 per cent so far in the year 2014 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
ONGC is looking forward to a gas price hike so that a lot of production can come on stream and become viable, say analysts. Till that happens, selling ONGC may not get the optimum result for the government as well.
Oil and gas looks the most promising and with the decline in crude oil prices, things are getting better for most of the players.
Motilal Oswal remains positive on ONGC due to (1) likely increase in net realization due to lower subsidy driven by continued diesel price hikes, (2) significant upside potential of decision on gas price, and (3) attractive valuations.
The stock trades at 9.4x FY16E EPS of Rs 42.7 with an implied dividend yield of 3 per cent. The brokerage firm has a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 485, which represents an upside of 17.6 per cent from Friday's closing price of Rs 412.20.
3) Power Grid Ltd: Target price set at Rs 160
S&P has revised rating on Power Grid to 'stable' to reflect the sensitivity of the company to the sovereign credit rating on India, given its very strong relationship to the government. S&P expects the government to maintain its majority ownership, and influence the business and financial strategy of the companies.
Analysts take:
"Power Grid is trading at 1.6x PB, at a 35 per cent discount to its historical average 2.5x it traded over the period FY07-11 (2.1-3.9x PB)," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com.
"We expect PGCIL's net sales to see a 15 per cent CAGR in FY14-16E on the back of higher capitalization, while the company's PAT would rise by 11 per cent during the same period," he added.
Gorakssakar has a buy recommendation on the stock with a target price of Rs 160, which represents an upside of 17 per cent from Friday's closing price of Rs 136.95.
 
4) NTPC: Target price set at Rs 188
S&P has revised rating on NTPC to 'stable' to reflect the sensitivity of the company to the sovereign credit rating on India, given its very strong relationship to the government. S&P expects the government to maintain its majority ownership, and influence the business and financial strategy of the companies.
Analyst take:

RBI unlikely to change interest rates: Krishnakumarcommentary
("The food inflation is something…)
In a chat with ET Now, S KrishnaKumar, Head Equity, Sundaram Mutual, shares his views on the market and the upcoming RBI policy on September 30. Excerpts:
ET Now: Let's talk about the big action in the market on Friday. The speed at which market rebounded, almost 80-90 points on the Nifty from lows, mainly on the S&P outlook upgrade, how do you analyse this development?
S Krishnakumar: This was expected to happen sometime now in terms of the outlook being raised to stable. However, the more important expectation would be to see the credit rating being upgraded, which would happen over the next one or two quarters. So that would be more important from the cost of funds perspective rather than just outlook upgrade. The other rating agencies already have India's outlook at stable. So it is just that S&P has been moving up to match the others.
ET Now: How are you looking at this correction that we have seen with the Nifty and the Sensex almost 2 per cent down for the week? Should we be reading a lot more into it?
S Krishnakumar: There was some amount of excesses in the market in some of the market cap segments like small caps and midcaps and also in certain sectors. The markets were waiting for a reason to correct a little bit and consolidate. The two events which came by in terms of the coal block cancellation and delay in gas pricing announcements, both of them dampened the sentiments and resulted in triggering a correction in the markets. Our view is that as we head into the results season, the results are going to be a little disappointing compared to the current valuations and expectations. So the current month could be a time where the markets could again move sideways rather than getting into a fresh near-term up market. However, we remain positive on the long run and we think investors should use this kind of time correction to get into the markets.
ET Now: Let us talk about the big factor which the market would be watching out for next week and that is of course the RBI policy scheduled on September 30. What would you be watching out for as a market participant as cues from the commentary of the governor ?
S Krishnakumar: Dr. Raghuram Rajan has clearly guided for an inflation glide and rate glide that would accompany it. So we think we are going to continue to be on a pause at this point in time. There is enough liquidity in the market. So that is not a worry. We would expect the RBI to probably look at easing rates over the next three months as we get more data from the inflation front, mainly the food inflation side. We believe that the non-food inflation is definitely on the way down and that is not a cause of worry. The food inflation is something that RBI would be keenly watching out for and the trajectory would determine rate action. So we would expect a pause at this point in time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top ten trading strategies for next weekTop ten trading strategies for next week
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 27, 2014, 02.47PM IST
Tags:
ashish
("As wave structure is positive…)
MUMBAI: The Indian markets witnessed a sharp bounce back on the last trading day of the week, after S&P upgraded India's outlook to 'stable' from 'negative'. The market may continue with its upward momentum going into the next week, say analysts.
"Based on conventional technicals, the Nifty bounced from its dual support levels available in the form of a trend line and 50-day EMA, which are naturally expected to offer support," said Mazhar Mohammad , Technical Research Strategist , Chartviewindia .in.
"As wave structure is positive and based on weight of technical evidence with us, we expect the Nifty to scale new life-time highs in the next 2-3 weeks and initially target 8,223 kind of levels," he added.
Following are top ten technical picks that can give good returns in the short to medium term:
Mazhar Mohammad, Technical Research Strategist, Chartviewindia.in
Tata Motors: This counter appears to have made a double bottom around Rs 490 levels. Hence one can use this opportunity to go long for an initial target of Rs 540, with a stop below Rs 490.
Glaxo Pharma: After four months of base formation this counter has broken out of its contracting structure and hence the rally is expected to last on. Use dips to buy preferably around Rs 2,650 levels for initial targets of Rs 2,790 and a higher target of Rs 2,916. Exit if it closes below Rs 2,630.
Bank of Baroda: This counter recoiled sharply after testing its strong support placed around Rs 860 levels. Hence buy into this counter on dips for initial targets of Rs 925 and a higher target of Rs 945 with a stop below Rs 860 on closing basis.
Procter and Gamble: This counter registered bullish engulfing pattern on weekly charts after retracing 62 per cent of its last leg of rally and appears to have formed short term base around Rs 4800 levels. Buy on dips up to Rs 4850 for initial targets of Rs 5215 and Rs 5348.
Godrej Industries: Despite sharp correction on the bourses, this counter has not violated its previous trading sessions low, indicating signs of initial strength with a solid positive close. Use this opportunity to go long for a target of Rs 329 with a stop loss below Rs 298 on closing basis.
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head - Research, Intime Equities
Voltas: The stock has formed rounding pattern on its daily chart and after giving breakout it made a high of Rs 272 at the start of the month. The correction has taken support at 61.8 per cent retracement of the rise and given reversal signal from there.
Momentum oscillators have given positive crossover, indicating strength in the counter. Now sustaining at current levels the stock can rally
towards Rs 270 levels in the coming weeks. On the downside, support is seen at Rs 225 levels, breaking below which trend will be negated. Buy the stock near Rs 238 and on dips at Rs 234 with a stop loss of Rs 230 for a target of Rs 260.
Cadilla Healthcare: The stock has been in an uptrend and forming higher top and higher bottom formation on its daily chart. During the last three weeks it has been trading sideways between a range of Rs 1325 and Rs 1260 levels and has seen good consolidation. On closing basis it has closed above this range with above average volumes.
Momentum oscillators have given positive crossover, indicating strength in the counter. Now sustaining at current levels the stock can rally towards 1420 levels in the coming days. On the downside, support is seen at Rs 1260 levels, breaking below which trend will be negated. Buy the stock on dips near Rs 1280 with a stop loss of Rs 1260, for a target of Rs 1420.
Jubliant Foodworks: The recent correction in the stock has taken support at 61.8 per cent retracement of the rise and given reversal signal from there. It has formed a bullish engulfing candlestick pattern on its daily chart. The reversal also comes at the 200 EMA, indicating a strong support level for bounce back.
Momentum oscillators have given positive crossover, indicating strength in the counter. Now sustaining at current levels the stock can rally towards Rs 1,340 levels in the coming days. On the downside, support is seen at 1205 levels, breaking below which trend will be negated. Buy the stock on dips near Rs 1225 with a stop loss of Rs 1210 for a target of Rs 1340.
TVS Motor: At the start of the month, the stock hit a high of Rs 242 levels and since then it has been trading sideways. It has seen consolidation and is taking support at short term 20 DMA. The stock is in strong uptrend; expects the trend to resume on the upside. Now sustaining at current levels the stock can rally towards Rs 240 levels in the coming days. On the downside, support is seen at Rs 212 levels, breaking below which trend will be negated.
LIC Housing Finance: Since the start of September month, the stock has seen a corrective decline. Now it has formed a bullish engulfing candlestick pattern on its daily chart. The reversal also comes at lower end of the Bollinger band, indicating support level for the stock. Momentum oscillators have given positive crossover, indicating strength in the counter. Now sustaining at current levels the stock can rally towards Rs 334 levels in the coming days. On the downside, support is seen at Rs 306 levels, breaking below which trend will be negated. Buy the stock on dips near Rs 311 with a stop loss of Rs 306 and for target of Rs 334.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chronology of wealth caseTweet
Bangalore, Sept 27:  
Following is the course the disproportionate assets case against Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has traversed, seeing legal and political twists and turns in the last 18 years after the DMK Government decided to form a Special Court on coming to power in 1996.
1996: Dr Subramanian Swamy, then a leader of the Janata Party, files a case against Jayalalithaa alleging that during her tenure as Chief Minister from 1991 to 1996, she amassed properties worth Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate to her known sources of income.
Dec 7, 1996: Jayalalithaa arrested. Many allegations follow, including accumulation of disproportionate assets.
1997. A prosecution launched in the Additional Sessions Court in Chennai against Jayalalithaa and three others for having assets “disproportionate” to their known income.
June 4, 1997: Chargesheeted for offences under Sections 120-B IPC, 13(2) read with 13(1)(e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
October 1, 1997: Madras High Court dismisses three petitions by Jayalalithaa, including one challenging sanction granted by then Governor M Fathima Beevi for prosecuting her in the wealth case.
Trial progresses. By August 2000, 250 prosecution witnesses examined, only 10 more remained.
In the 2001 May Assembly elections, AIADMK secures absolute majority and Jayalalithaa becomes Chief Minister. Her appointment is challenged due to her conviction in October 2000 in the TANSI (Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation) case. Supreme Court nullifies the appointment.
September 21, 2001, Jayalalithaa ceases to be Chief Minister.
After her conviction is set aside, Jayalalithaa is elected to the Assembly in a bypoll from Andipatti constituency on Feb 21, 2002, and again sworn in as Chief Minister.
Three public prosecutors resign as also senior counsel.
Several prosecution witnesses resile from their earlier depositions after AIADMK returned to power.
2003: DMK General Secretary K Anbazhagan approaches Supreme Court for transferring the trial to Karnataka on the ground that a fair trial was not possible in Tamil Nadu with Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister.
On November 18, 2003, the Supreme Court transferred the case to Bangalore.
February 19, 2005: Karnataka Government appoints B V Acharya, a former Advocate-General, as Special Public Prosecutor (SPP) to conduct the prosecution.
In October/November 2011, Jayalalithaa deposes in the Special Court and answers 1,339 questions.
August 12, 2012: Acharya expresses his inability to continue as SPP. Karnataka Government accepts his resignation in January 2013 and discharges him from the case.
February 2, 2013: Karnataka Government appoints G Bhavani Singh as SPP.
August 26, 2013: Karnataka Government issues a notification withdrawing the appointment of Bhavani Singh as SPP without assigning any reason and without consulting the Chief Justice of Karnataka High Court.
September 30,2013: Supreme Court quashes the notification withdrawing appointment of Bhavani Singh as SPP.
December 12, 2013: Special Court allows a plea by DMK General Secretary K Anbazhagan and directs physical production of valuables and other assets seized from Jayalalithaa in 1997 and deposited in an RBI treasury in Chennai.
February 28, 2014: Special Court dismisses plea by SPP seeking a direction to produce before it the seized silver articles belonging to her. Judge says the SPP had filed it only with the purpose of delaying the proceedings.
March 14/15, 2014: Special Court imposes a cost of one-day salary on SPP Bhavani Singh for not resuming the final arguments citing ill-health.
March 18, 2014: Singh moves Karnataka High Court challenging the special court order imposing cost.
March 21, 2014: HC rejects his petition saying the order of the special court imposing cost was right.
August 28, 2014: Special Court reserves judgement for September 20 and directs all the four accused, including Jayalalithaa, to appear before it on that date.
September 16, 2014: Special Court defers by a week to September 27 pronouncement of its verdict.
September 27, 2014: Special Court convicts Jayalalithaa.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Invista scouts for Indian partners to stretch its lycra businessHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Invista scouts for Indian partners to stretch its lycra business
Bindu D Menon
The Hindu Expansion: There is a growing demand in India for stretchable fabrics
To introduce products that go with ethnic wear
Mumbai, September 26:  
With the demand for shape-wear garments increasing, Invista, the owner of Lycra fibre brand, said it is in talks with several apparel manufactures and retailers to enhance its presence in India.
The company said that it has also launched a range of products to tap into the ethnic wear segment.
“We already have tie-ups with several players such as Arvind and Raymond. We are looking at other apparel-makers in pockets such as Surat and Jaipur to scale up our presence in India,” Paolo Briatore, Business Director, Apparel, South Asia and MD Invista said, in an interaction in Mumbai.
Invista is a producer and marketer of differentiated fibres and related textile innovations for the apparel industry.
The company operates in more than 20 countries across North and South America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region, with 24 sales offices and 16 manufacturing sites.
Briatore said the company is seeing a demand for spandex or apparels which have high stretchability. He said India consumes about 8-9 million kg of spandex annually. Invista works with the manufactures to innovate on technologies, process and fabrics that increase profitability for the partners, even as it expands the choices available to the consumers.
In India, Invista has introduced lycra products to go with Indian ethnic wear. “We are driven by apparel product categories like denims, intimate apparel, swimwear, active wear. We are targeting both business-to-business and end consumers,” he said, adding that a slew of products such as leggings, yoga pants and sportswear, will be introduced to capture a slice of the market.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Right time to go for stock picking: Kenneth Andrade  IDFC Mutual Fundbull market
("The opportunities for…)
In an interview with ET Now, Kenneth Andrade, CIO, IDFC Mutual Fund, shares his views on the market as well as various sectors and stocks. Excerpts:
Nikunj Dalmia: What is your take on the market, which is 30 per cent up this year? It has been an extraordinary year.
Kenneth Andrade: It has been a great market so far. Purely on the back of incremental liquidity, we are seeing asset markets worldwide doing extremely well. India has been the exception. Also, added to this is the fact that we have had a very positive election outcome and hopefully things will fall into place for the country over the next couple of years.
Nikunj Dalmia: What is your take on valuations? Optically it appears that things are on our side, the macros on our side, oil has fallen down, flows also have been quite supportive, but like they say on Wall Street , good news and good price rarely come together. Right now, news is good, but our prices are also good.
Kenneth Andrade: Our business is very simple. We buy and we sell high after we define where the high is. This year, like you said, the market is up by 30 per cent. Some part of the market overshoots at both extremes. Last year there were no takers and this year there are all takers. I am just putting a caveat out there, saying that we are probably on a way to recovery as an economy. You saw the lows and depths of the market last year. Currently you have seen valuations and prices peak up, and we will also want some part of earnings to actually come back. But it is going to be some time before you can see it across the spectrum of companies, the way the markets have effectively been rallying. So yes , the margin of safety is extremely low at this point in time, and there is a lot of execution risk. You might just get into a couple of portals going into the next couple of quarters.
Nikunj Dalmia: Do you think we should not feel happy or excited about the current market environment because whereas we are standing tall, the truth is that other global markets are also sitting at a record high?
Kenneth Andrade: The Indian markets are up because earnings are expected to catch up. We are, in fact, expecting the earnings to catch up over the next couple of years. The second moot point that we also have to notice is, probably this entire chase for yields, which global liquidity has provided, actually pushed earning yields or equity earning yields down to historical lows and markets would tend to look a little expensive compared to alternative investment opportunities that are available in probably the fixed income market.
So we just need to balance portfolios before we actually nose-dive into the equity markets at this point in time. Of course, the opportunities for companies out of India are extremely high. So it is a good time to go for stock picking and there is a lot of beta in the market. It helps create the first round of wealth or income in the entire system. We will have to make sure that you preserve it into the next couple of years if the environment remains as robust as it is currently.
Nikunj Dalmia: Many experts are of the view that for the Indian markets, a secular structural and inevitable bull market has started. Are you as optimistic as the aam janta?
Kenneth Andrade: Our entire philosophy is not to look at the numerator. When I say numerator, there are two elements to valuations. One is price and the second is earnings, which we call the PE multiple. Everyone is trying to predict a numerator, which is the price. But the denominator is something which is more predictable. So, I would not want to get into trying to predict where the price is heading and whether the markets are structural bull markets or not.
Nikunj Dalmia: You had a very diversified approach in the past. You have run a very concentrated portfolio. It was centred around consumers, it was centred around the consumption theme. So for the moment, when the Indian economy is on a mend, you should be running a concentrated portfolio. Why are you running a diversified portfolio?
Kenneth Andrade: We are not that diversified in the sense. 35 companies still account for 80 per cent of all the money invested in our portfolios or every individual portfolio that we run. So we are fairly concentrated by that norm. We do not have an overwhelming bias on any particular part of the economy. That comes from the fact that as we continue to go forward, you will have a number of emerging opportunities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese parents are literally giving their own blood for their childrens test scoresWhat some parents will do for their kids. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan)
SHARE
Jeanne Kim @jeannesjkim
September 27, 2014
It’s one thing for parents to shell out for cram schools or private tutors for their children, but parents in China’s Zhejiang province are taking it a step further. There, parents can give their own blood to earn some extra points on their child’s zhongkao, or high school entrance exam.
Four liters of donated blood will get your child one extra point; 6 liters adds two points; and 8 liters, three. One 28-year-old man on Weibo, China’s version of Twitter, posted that he had surpassed the 4-liter mark, a gift to his unborn child: “[I] want to tell my future son: No worries with the high school entrance exams, Dad has already got you bonus marks!” the man said, quoted in the  South China Morning Post . The policy began this July , but parents are able to take into account the blood they donated in the past. The 28-year-old had started donating when he was 18. 
Four liters is a lot of blood for one point in a test that with a possible 580 points . The human body only has 4.5 to 5.5 liters of blood in its circulatory system, and the average adult donating half a liter (a little over a pint) twice a year would take four years to bump up their child’s score by that one point.
But in an incredibly competitive academic environment , every point matters—especially when students can earn up to 30 points extra if they are an ethnic minority or their parents are disabled veterans. And some of the 580 points come from performance in athletic competitions.
The hope is that the program will help build blood supplies. In China, donations have been scarce, perhaps due to lingering fears following an HIV scandal in Henan  province in the 1990s, where tens of thousands of farmers contracted HIV-AIDS from improper needle care and blood collection—as well as cultural beliefs that giving blood saps a person’s qi (or “vital energy”). To encourage donations, China enacted its  Blood Donation Law in 1998  (pdf)—which “encourages healthy citizens from 18 to 55 years of age to donate blood voluntarily.” Still, in 2011, less than 1% of China’s population donated blood, according to the World Health Organization , which recommends that 1% to 3% of a country’s population must donate blood to maintain an adequate supply.
The Pujiang County’s test points program is just one of many regional efforts to encourage blood donation, including one that reportedly leans on locals to donate blood in order to obtain a driver’s license, get a high school graduation certificate, or apply for a marriage license. Some studies have suggested, however, that using incentives for blood donation can attract at-risk donors and  undermine people’s altruistic motivation to donate blood—reducing blood supplies in the long run.
Share this:

Arab Twitter users dislike Iran even more than they dislike the USArab Twitter users in the Middle East have a less than favorable opinion of Iran.(ReutersMorteza Nikoubazl)
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 27, 2014
After decades of bombings, invasions, and other military interventions, it’s no surprise that attitudes toward the United States  are overwhelmingly negative  in the Arab world. But according to a recent study, there’s at least one country that’s less popular than the US in the region— that would be Iran , at least on Twitter. (Israel was not monitored in the study.)
Using a tool created by the social media analytics firm Crimson Hexagon, researchers from Princeton and Harvard  analyzed millions of Arabic-language tweets from 2012 and 2013 to gauge anti-Americanism in the region. They examined Arab reaction to events such as Hurricane Sandy, the firestorm over the “Innocence of Muslims video,” the Boston Marathon bombing, and the removal of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi.
The researchers found that Arabs overwhelmingly had a negative view of Washington’s interventions in the region (in the case of Egypt, only 4% of tweets were pro-US). But when they examined a further estimated 27 million tweets geared toward Iran, they found an even deeper level of animosity.
“We found that as Iran intervened or was perceived to intervene in Syria and elsewhere [in 2012 and 2013], hostilities toward Iran on Twitter from Arab users increased,” Robert Keohane, a Princeton professor of international affairs and a co-author of the paper, told Quartz. “This, I think, was yet more evidence that it doesn’t matter if it’s Shiite Iran or the US or another power in the future—the non-Arab military interventionist power in the region is a target for this sentiment.”
The findings, Keohane explains, offer a unique perspective of the “Arab street” on social media. Whereas a public opinion poll might reflect a controlled group’s varied opinions on a particular subject matter, Twitter offers an unfiltered look at a broad range of people. Researchers can monitor public opinion through tweets on a daily basis, Keohane said, offering the ability “to look at events and have a much more modulated understanding of them as they are happening.”
 

RBI policy to drive markets in a holiday-shortened week aheadRBI policy to drive markets in a holiday-shortened week ahead
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 10:30 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review on Tuesday would set the tone for the stock market in a holiday-shortened week ahead.
Stock markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi and Dussehra respectively.
Shares of automobile companies will be in focus amid release of sales data for September on Wednesday.
"This week, RBI's monetary policy scheduled on September 30 shall be key trigger for market movement. Also, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US, along with global cues can boost market sentiment, as it may put more light on economic path and other reforms for the country," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Marketmen said that developments from Prime Minister's US tour will also be closely watched.
"The PM's five-day visit to the US is expected to improve the strategic ties between the two nations and drive US investors' interests towards the Indian markets," said Aman Chowdhury, CEO & Founder, Cians Analytics.
Market participants will be looking at the outcome of the apex bank's monetary policy meet on September 30 and HSBC India Manufacturing PMI for September, due on October 1.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex lost 464.1 points to 26,626.32.

John Kerry to skip Afghan President inauguration for PM Modi’s luncheonPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 11:36 am
US Secretary of State John Kerry would skip inauguration of new Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on September 29 to attend the luncheon he and Vice President Joe Biden have organised for Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Kerry, who personally invested much of his time and energy in resolving the Afghan crisis after the presidential elections and visited Kabul several times to negotiate between the two candidates – Ghani and Abdullah Abdullah – was scheduled to travel to Afghanistan to be personally present at the swearing in ceremony of the new president.
However, given the importance that the Obama Administration attaches to the Modi Government and its efforts to strengthen relationship with India, the Secretary of State, it is learnt, decided not to travel to Kabul for the September 29 presidential inauguration.
Modi, who is currently in New York to attend the annual session of the UN General Assembly, would travel to Washington DC on September 29.
On the same day, US President Barack Obama will host a dinner for him.
After the formal Modi-Obama Summit at the White House on September 30, Biden and Kerry will host a lunch for the Prime Minister at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department.

Kasturirangan  Swarup to join BSE boardKasturirangan, Swarup to join BSE board
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 28:  
Eminent personalities K Kasturirangan and Dhirendra Swarup are expected to soon join the board of leading stock exchange BSE.
A well known space scientist, Kasturirangan is former chairman of Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) while Swarup, a retired civil servant, had served as chairman of Pension Fund and Regulatory Development Authority (PFRDA).
Sources said that both names have been sent to capital market regulator SEBI for approval and formal announcement would be made subsequently.
According to sources, BSE expects that these two would bring depth and diversity to its board.
At present, BSE has six members including Non-Executive Chairman S Ramadorai. He is also the vice chairman of Tata Consultancy Services.
Other members are retired IAS officers Sanjiv Misra, Sudhakar Rao, former Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia and Thomas Bendixen — staff member of the executive office of Eurex Frankfurt AG.
Except for Bendixen — who is a shareholder director — rest of them are public interest directors.
The exchange’s Managing Director and CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan is also a board member.
HDFC vice chairman and CEO Keki Mistry ceased to be a shareholder director on the BSE board from August 14.
During the tenure of Kasturirangan as chairman, ISRO saw the launch of the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV).
Swarup has served in various positions in the government including at the Finance Ministry and SEBI.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Top five blue-chip companies lose Rs 45 887.6 cr in market capTop five blue-chip companies lose Rs 45,887.6 cr in market cap
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 28:  
Amid weakening stocks, the combined market valuation of the top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 45,887.6 crore last week, with RIL and ICICI Bank taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), ONGC, ITC, CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma witnessed an addition.
The m-cap of RIL plunged Rs 19,728.88 crore to Rs 3,01,948.82 crore. ICICI Bank suffered a loss of Rs 10,682.94 crore to Rs 1,71,031.83 crore, while the value of SBI dipped by Rs 9,376.96 crore to Rs 1,82,380.34 crore.
TCS’ value fell by Rs 4,935.99 crore to Rs 5,25,497.34 crore and Infosys lost Rs 1,162.83 crore to Rs 2,11,387.82 crore.
Among the gainers, ITC’s value surged Rs 9,808.34 crore to Rs 2,96,442.94 crore, while ONGC added Rs 6,159.95 crore to Rs 3,52,657.30 crore.
The m-cap of HDFC Bank jumped Rs 2,727.51 crore to Rs 2,10,296.22 crore, while that of CIL rose by Rs 1,358.02 crore to Rs 2,19,809.48 crore and Sun Pharma added Rs 51.78 crore to Rs 1,67,158.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 companies, TCS remained at the number one position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the last week, the benchmark Sensex has fallen by 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Maha Assembly polls: Over 7 000 candidates file nominationMaha Assembly polls: Over 7,000 candidates file nomination
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 28, 2014 11:50 AM IST
As many as 7,401 candidates have filed nominations for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls, which is set to witness a five-cornered contest in all the 288 constituencies.
The nomination process ended yesterday with approximately 7,401 candidates filing their papers, state electoral office said today.
The final list of candidates from few constituencies has not been received by the state electoral office.
The highest 91 nominations have been filed from Nanded-South constituency while the lowest nine each have been filed at Guhagar (in Ratnagiri), Mahim (Mumbai) and Kudal (Sindhudurg) seats.
Congress campaign committee chief Narayan Rane is contesting from Kudal.
On the last day of filing of nominations yesterday, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Home Minister R R Patil filed their papers.
Chavan, who resigned as Chief Minister after NCP pulled out of the government, filed nomination from Karad South amidst rousing welcome from supporters.
This will be Chavan's first electoral battle after he lost the 1999 Lok Sabha elections from Karad, which he represented thrice.
MNS chief Raj Thackeray, who had declared at a rally a few months ago that he would enter the electoral battle by contesting the polls, will not contest.
The Congress has fielded candidates for all the 288 seats, while the NCP has fielded 286 candidates.
BJP has fielded candidates in 257 seats, state party spokesperson Keshav Upadhye had said yesterday.
"The remaining 31 seats have been given to our allies," he said.
Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray, whose name was being pitched by his party as the Chief Ministerial candidate, is also not contesting.
The Sena declared a list of 286 candidates. The two constituencies where the party has not fielded candidates are Parli, where Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja is BJP nominee, and Byculla, where Arun Gawli's daughter Geeta is nominee.
The scrutiny will take place on September 29 and last date of withdrawing the nominations is September 30.

India  Russia trade may touch $15 bn by 2015...European Union
(Growth rate of India's merchandise…)
MOSCOW: India's bilateral trade with Russia is expected to reach $15 billion by 2015-end on the back of initiatives taken by exporters to tap that market in the wake of sanctions imposed by EU on Russia.
Currently, the two-way commerce between the countries stood at around $10 billion.
"The sanctions imposed by the EU on Russia gives huge scope and opportunity for Indian traders in sectors, including agro-products, chemicals and textiles to capture the Russian market. We need to tap that space," Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) President Rafeeq Ahmed told PTI.
The organisation has recently organised a three-day 'India Show' here.
The US and the European Union have imposed economic sanctions on the Ukraine issue.
Ahmed said that exporters received good business orders and inquiries from Russian businesses in the exhibition, where over 100 Indian exporters showcased their products from sectors including pharmaceutical, leather, agriculture, steel and textiles.
"Our initiatives would help in pushing our bilateral trade with Russia to $15 billion by the end of 2015," he said.
However, he added that domestic traders are facing few big challenges in the Russian market.
"Banking is a big challenge. The Russian market is still non-transparent. Customs clearances are still a big problem for us. We need to work on these issues by engaging with Russian authorities," Ahmed said.
He also said similar shows would be organised in Africa and Latin American countries to boost India's overall exports.
Growth rate of India's merchandise shipments slipped to a five-month low of 2.35 per cent in August at $26.95 billion, pushing up the trade deficit to $10.83 billion.
"EU market is not performing well. There are problems in Germany, France and Italy . Due to this, we are lowering our exports forecast to around $340 billion for the current fiscal from the earlier projection of $350 billion-$360 billion," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Russias Rosneft offers ONGC stake in eastern Siberia oilfieldHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Russia’s Rosneft offers ONGC stake in eastern Siberia oilfield
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 28:  
Russia’s biggest oil company Rosneft has offered Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) a stake in its Yurubcheno—Tokhomskoye oilfield in eastern Siberia.
Rosneft on August 5 sent a formal proposal to ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state—owned oil and gas producer, for joint development of Yurubcheno—Tokhomskoye oilfield, sources with direct knowledge of the development said.
The field is estimated to hold 991 million barrels of oil equivalent reserves and is planned to start production in 2017. Yurubcheno—Tokhomskoye will reach a production plateau of up to 5 million tonnes a year (100,000 barrels per day) in 2019.
Rosneft, Russia’s biggest oil company and the world’s largest listed producer by output, offered to make a management presentation along with Physical Data Room (PDR) access to OVL in Moscow, sources said.
The field will supply oil to Asian markets via the East Siberia—Pacific Ocean pipeline and feed the yet—to—be—built VNHK petrochemical plant in Russia’s Far East.
A 630 km pipeline originating from the Yurubcheno— Tokhomskoye oil field in the Russian Krasnoyarsk territory will be connected to the Eastern Siberia — Pacific Ocean (ESPO) oil trunkline.
The Yurubcheno—Tokhomskoye oil and gas condensate field, licensed to Rosneft, is located in the north of the Krasnoyarsk Territory and is currently under construction.
OVL has been interested in expanding its presence in Russia and has for years evinced interest in several fields but to no luck.
Energy—hungry India is keen on sourcing one million barrels per day of oil and oil—equivalent gas from Russia, and had identified Sakhalin—3 in Far East, Vankor in East Siberia, and Terbs and Titov oilfields in Timan Pechora region. But it has so far been unsuccessful in its attempts.
OVL already has 20 per cent stake in Sakhalin—1 oil and gas field in Far East Russia and in 2009 acquired Imperial Energy which has fields in Siberia.
Sakhalin—1 is a large oil and gas field in Far East offshore in Russia, spread over an area of about 1,146 square kilomter. OVL in July, 2001 acquired 20 per cent interest in the field which has Exxon as the operator with 30 per cent interest.
Sodeco, a consortium of Japanese companies, holds 30 per cent and the balance 20 per cent is with Rosneft.
Production from Sakhalin—1 started in October 2005.
OVL acquired Imperial Energy Corporation Plc, an independent upstream oil exploration and production company having its main activities in the Tomsk region of Western Siberia, Russia on January 13, 2009 at a total cost of US $ 2.1 billion.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Coal Ministry asks PowerMin to review fuel import planCoal Ministry asks PowerMin to review fuel import plan
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 11:41 AM IST
In order to avoid a possible coal shortage for electricity generation, the Coal Ministry has asked its power counterpart to review the fuel import plan for this fiscal as the target set is not commensurate with the plants' capacity addition envisaged for FY 2015.
The fuel import target for this fiscal is 94 million tonnes.
It may be noted that half the thermal power stations in the country are left with less than a week's coal stock.
"It is our assessment that the target set for import for 2014-15 is not commensurate with the capacity addition envisaged for 2014-15. The shortfall in the import plant of CEA (Central Electricity Authority) has a bearing on the present crisis of coal stock at power stations," Coal Secretary S K Srivastava said in a recent letter to Power Secretary Pradeep Kumar Sinha.
"It would be therefore, be desirable for MOP (Ministry of Power) to review the entire import plan of CEA to take contingency decision, if any, to avert shortfalls in coal stocks with the power plants," the letter said.
Srivastava further suggested that either the Coal Ministry or Coal India (CIL) may also be associated in the exercise.
The letter further said that CEA has made an import plan of 94 million tonnes (MT) for the current fiscal, out of which 40 MT is earmarked exclusively for imported coal based plants, leaving only 54 MT for indigenous coal based plants against a minimum requirement of 77 MT for bridging the gap of CIL sources only.
The Coal Ministry had in July last year had issued the Presidential Directive to CIL for signing fuel supply Agreements (FSAs) for a total capacity of 78,000 MW.
The supply of domestic coal to the power projects were restricted to 65 per cent, 65 per cent , 67 per cent and 75 percent during the remaining four years of Current Plan Period.
To meet its balance FSA obligations, the Coal Ministry said CIL may import coal and supply the same to the willing power plants on cost plus basis. Power plants may also directly import coal themselves, if they so opt.
According to the Central Electricity Authority data, 47 thermal power stations across the country had critical coal stock of less than seven days as on September 23.

Railways  Delhi Division armed with 10 000 brooms for October 2 cleanliness driveSep 28, 2014 at 12:31pm IST
Railways' Delhi Division armed with 10,000 brooms for October 2 cleanliness drive
35
0
New Delhi: The Delhi Division of Railways has put together an arsenal of 10,000 brooms for use by a battery of volunteers, including schoolchildren and top officials and lawmakers, when they attack garbage at its facilities on October 2 in a first-of-its-kind exercise.
Equipped with a specially-designed 'battle gear' made up of gloves, masks and colourful jackets and caps, the volunteer force would be clearing garbage from platforms, tracks, circulating areas, waiting rooms and entry and exit gates at the New Delhi, Old Delhi, Nizamuddin, Sarai Rohilla and Anand Vihar stations apart from at 45 others under Delhi Division.
Covering Delhi, parts of Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh, Delhi Division has a total of 213 stations of which 50 have been earmarked to host ministers, senior officials and MPs for the clean-up exercise.
Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda will himself pick up the broom for what has been billed as a first-of-its-kind exercise by the national transporter.
#railways #cleanliness drive #dv sadananda gowda #october 2
"All 213 stations of the division will be covered by the cleanliness drive. While 50 stations have been identified for the involvement of senior officials, the rest will be taken up at the Assistant Station Master-level," Divisional Railway Manager (DRM), Anurag Sachan, said.
Delhi Division has also procured about 500 dustbins and a significant number of large polythene bags and wheelbarrows for garbage collection. He said that the cleaning work on October 2 will continue for eight hours.
"The drive will also cover trains, including the pantry cars," he added.
Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda will himself pick up the broom for what has been billed as a first-of-its-kind exercise by the national transporter. Gowda will lead the clean-up drive at New Delhi station.
Minister of State for Railways Manoj Sinha is expected to clean the platform at Ghazipur station in his constituency of the same name in Uttar Pradesh.
According to a Railway Ministry directive, all its 16 zones and 70 divisions will take part in the cleanliness drive.
Shubhranshu, Divisional Railway Manager of Salem Division, said, "A large number of resident welfare associations, NGOs and school and college students have offered to participate in the drive in our division in Coimbatore, Erode and Tirupur."
He said special efforts are being made to give a face-lift to the century-old maintenance shed of the Nilgiri toy train.
"We are also planning to plant as many trees on a vast land tract near Coimbatore station, which was being used as a garbage dump. Besides, the one-km long wall of the Coimbatore station is being given a fresh coat of paint," the Salem DRM said.
As far as New Delhi is concerned, MPs representing the city are expected to join the drive at various stations.
While East Delhi MP Mahesh Giri will be at Anand Vihar, North East MP Manoj Tiwary has chosen to be at New Delhi station. South Delhi MP Ramesh Bidhuri has opted for being part of the drive at Tughlakabad station.
Railways is spending about Rs 2 crore for the cleanliness drive in the country. Rs 10 lakh is Delhi Division's cost for organising the exercise along with an awareness campaign to keep rail premises clean.
8

In the Russia-China Gas Deal  Did Putin WinIn the Russia-China Gas Deal, Did Putin Win?
205
By The Editors
So in striking a big new deal to supply natural gas to China, has Vladimir Putin outmaneuvered the U.S. and its European friends yet again? Much as Russia's president would like you to think so, not really.
Putin called today's accord an "epochal event." The governments' joint statement contained thinly veiled criticism of U.S. and European Union actions over Ukraine, inviting the world to view the deal in the context of that dispute. The timing is certainly no accident, and a closer relationship between Russia and China is hardly a matter of indifference to the rest of the world.
At the same time, this agreement to supply China with gas has been in the works for 10 years, and a deal had been widely expected this year. The two countries had been haggling mainly over price. The terms announced this week don't make the true price of the gas (including how much each will spend on the necessary pipeline infrastructure) explicit, but it appears that China will pay a bit less than Europe pays for Russian gas. If so, both sides have moved from their earlier positions in closing the deal.
If there's a winner, it's China. It used Russia's desire to send the U.S. and Europe a message as a lever to get both a better price and its preferred pipeline route for the gas. For his part, Putin has a big new customer for Russian exports, and can tell the U.S. and Europe that Russia is fine without the European market, thank you. China diversifies its energy supply -- among other things, it's keen to rely less on coal -- and does so on favorable terms. Expressions of solidarity about the drawbacks of democratic capitalism and the merits of other value systems are a bonus for both sides.
What the deal doesn't signify -- not yet, at least -- is a global realignment that puts the U.S. and Europe at a grave disadvantage. The tortuous history of Russia-China relations shows that their long-term interests are not complementary. Putin won't want Russia to depend on China any more than he wants it to depend on Europe. Anyway, the gas exports in the new pact, once onstream in 2018, will be about a quarter of what Russia sells to Europe. Even if the deal is enlarged later, the idea that Russia can now get along fine without the European market is nonsense.
Russia will have every reason to repair relations with Europe once the crisis in Ukraine has passed. In the meantime, Europe should use the leverage it has . So far as Ukraine is concerned, the new deal doesn't change Europe's calculation. For the longer term, Europe already knows it has to diversify its energy supplies. The new agreement only underlines the point.
Yes, it's always cause for concern when two tyrannical governments, presiding over such big and powerful countries, deepen their ties and find new ways of cooperating. In this case, however, the new alliance is unlikely to change the underlying logic of a longstanding rivalry.
And for as long as this partnership lasts, it's worth noting that there's even a global benefit: It's in everybody's interest that China, whose share of worldwide greenhouse-gas emissions is rising fast, use less coal and more gas. Thank you for that, President Putin.
To contact the senior editor responsible for Bloomberg View's editorials: David Shipley at davidshipley@bloomberg.net.
Popular

Hedge Funds Won t Make You RichHedge Funds Won't Make You Rich
20
By Noah Smith
The recent release of Institutional Investor Alpha’s hedge-fund survey has everyone asking how the fund managers continue to make so much money. Academics and journalists alike point out that hedge funds, as a class, haven’t delivered above-market after-fee returns for quite some time. Hedge funds, of course, get paid whether the market goes up or down, so the real question is why hedge funds continue to receive large inflows of capital from pension funds and other investors. The New Yorker magazine’s John Cassidy has a good roundup of the most prominent theories. He includes some good links to research on the question of whether hedge funds deliver superior risk-adjusted returns, or offer significant diversification potential.
But the real question is: Why would people expect hedge funds to deliver superior returns in the first place?
People often seem to treat the term “hedge fund” as if it’s a shorthand for “money manager of unusual skill.” At the Skybridge Alternatives Conference (SALT) last year, host Anthony Scaramucci told attendees that “Mutual funds are the propeller planes…while hedge funds are the fighter jets.” And of course we’ve all heard of those famous world-beating billionaire hedge-fund managers like John Paulson, Ken Griffin or Cliff Asness.
But is there any fundamental characteristic common to all or most hedge funds that makes them “fighter jets”? “Hedge fund,” after all, is just a legal category. There are regulations governing what kind of assets a fund is allowed to trade, and what kinds of clients the fund can service. Hedge funds are only allowed to sell to certain types of investors -- rich people, large institutions and those who qualify as so-called sophisticated investors. In exchange for this limitation on who can invest in them, they are exempt from most restrictions on what kinds of assets they can trade and how much leverage they can take on.
Theoretically, this exemption should mean that hedge funds offer the potential for diversification. Since they can invest in things other funds can’t, buying into hedge funds can theoretically give an investor access to a wider universe of assets.
But beyond that, there is little reason to believe that hedge funds as a group offer anything special. After all, any Tom, Dick or Harry can start a hedge fund. That’s right -- all you need is a business license. You can start a hedge fund without ever having managed a dime of money in your life. That’s called “free entry.” In economics, free entry means that average profits in an industry (net of opportunity cost) should be competed away to zero. Why should hedge funds be any different?
In other words, if a pension-fund manager or rich investor hurls his money at a fund just because it's called a “hedge fund,” he isn't making a sophisticated, market-beating choice; he is paying through the nose to take a lot of risk and get a bit of diversification. Thus, it’s no surprise that during the past couple of decades, even as money has continued to flow into hedge funds, their return hasn't impressed. Free entry has competed away the ability of the hedge-fund class to beat the market.
So how did hedge funds get such a good reputation? Well, it’s possible that their eye-catching early performance was a kind of loss leader. In the beginning, investors probably shied away from this scary new asset class, so higher after-fee returns were necessary to convince them that hedge funds were for real. After the word got out about the high returns and hedge funds became known as “fighter jets,” hedge funds were free to charge higher fees and a huge flood of scrubs entered the profession. The net result was that after-fee returns to the hedge fund class as a whole collapsed.
Now, this doesn’t mean there aren’t hedge-fund managers who can beat the market. As in the venture-capital industry, there seem to be a few superstars who really can deliver superb performance, year in and year out. You already know many of their names. The catch is, these superstars are unlikely to need your money. By the time we discover them, they already have a lot of capital, and taking on more would make it hard for them to keep generating market-beating returns. In other words, the only way to find a hedge-fund who can reliably beat the market for you is to pick one who’s not yet a star, but is destined to become one.
So here’s the real question: Do you, as a pension-fund manager, or rich individual investor, think that you have an above-average ability to pick out the non-superstar hedge funds that will outperform in the future? And if so, why? Also, is your superior fund-picking ability worth the average hedge-fund fee?
If you decide the answer is “no,” then you should consider investing in an index such as the HFRX Global Hedge Fund Index, which replicates hedge-fund returns net of fees -- so it helps with portfolio diversification but not fee reduction.
To contact the author of this article: Noah Smith at nquixote@gmail.com.
To contact the editor responsible for this article: James Greiff at jgreiff@bloomberg.net.
Noah Smith is an assistant professor of finance at Stony Brook University and a freelance writer for a number of finance and business publications. He maintains a personal blog, called Noahpinion. Read more.

What Kills You and Your InvestmentsWhat Kills You and Your Investments
22
By Barry Ritholtz
You don’t understand risk.
I don’t mean you, in your professional capacity. I mean you, the human being whose brain is desperately trying to keep you alive. An endless procession of mortal threats is trying to end your particular genomic variation, forcing your brain to respond first and think later.
Your existence is threatened by hungry predators, roving bands of Neanderthals, poison mushrooms and all manner of germs.
What’s that you say? You don’t live on a savannah where lions hunt, and there haven’t been any Neanderthals for 30,000 years?
That is irrelevant to your risk-calculating engine. Your wetware was optimized during a period when those were the highest potential threats to your well-being. Humans who failed to avoid those didn't manage to pass on their DNA, becoming someone else’s lunch.
Let’s look at some of the world’s top predators as an example of risk in the modern world. Start with the shark, that fearsome, perfectly evolved eating machine. Immortalized in Steven Spielberg’s 1975 film, ``Jaws,'' and star of the Discovery Channel’s `` Shark Week ,'' “the longest-running cable television programming event in history,” according to the Wall Street Journal. Can you imagine how many humans are devoured by this fearsome predator each year?
Ten.
That’s right, less than a dozen of the 7 billion people on the planet succumb to death by shark each year.
Well, we live on land, what about lions? About 100, and most of those people live right there in the lion’s habitat, that savannah mentioned a few paragraphs earlier.
There are other large predators that each year manage to whittle down a few off of that 7 billion number: Elephants (100), hippos (500), crocodiles (1,000), snakes (50,000). Even man’s best friend, the dog, is responsible for 25,000 deaths, almost all because of rabies.
If you really want to fear a killer, let me suggest two that actually move the needle in terms of human mortality: Human beings themselves are responsible for almost a half-million deaths annually. They come in second. The planet’s apex murderer, the creature who offs more people than any others? Mosquitoes. They take out almost three-quarters of a million humans a year by spreading a variety of deadly diseases , including malaria, dengue fever, yellow fever and encephalitis.
Back to humans. Are many of those deaths related to terrorism, which some of us think will take us out?
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention tracks data on the various causes of death in the U.S., ranked by prevalence. While terrorism has dominated the political and policy debate ever since the Sept. 11 attacks, reality is far more mundane.
You are 35,079 times more likely to die of heart disease and 33,842 times more likely to die of cancer than a terrorism attack.
That’s at home. If you go overseas, the numbers are no different. As noted earlier this week, the U.S. State Department reported that “only 17 U.S. citizens were killed worldwide as a result of terrorism in 2011. That figure includes deaths in Afghanistan, Iraq and all other theaters of war.” The leading cause of deaths for Americans traveling abroad, according to the Center for Disease Control, is car crashes.
All of this adds up to lots of fascinating data, but what does this have to do with investing?
Plenty. It turns out that investors fear things that are relatively rare, such as market crashes. They also ignore little things that are likely to do damage over the long term, namely trading too much, paying too much in commissions, generating a big and unnecessary tax bill.
These are the cholesterol of investing. They won’t kill you tomorrow in a spectacular fireball or shark attack. But they will kill you in the end, slowly and quietly, and with great finality.
No, you don’t understand risk. If you did, you would live longer, have less fear and, eventually, a much bigger investment portfolio.
To contact the author of this article: Barry Ritholtz at britholtz3@bloomberg.net.
To contact the editor responsible for this article: James Greiff at jgreiff@bloomberg.net.
Barry Ritholtz is a Bloomberg View columnist writing about finance, the economy and the business world. He is a professional money manager and started the Big Picture finance blog in 2003. Read more.

MOM-entous occasion for India as Mangalyaan reaches Mars orbitComments
The Mars orbiter spacecraft started sending its first high quality images of the Red Planet late on Wednesday, Isro sources said, allaying fears that the missions cameras had failed.
“Images are clicked. Data is downloaded. Process is going on,” a top Isro official said, replying to a question on whether the spacecraft had taken pictures of Mars’ surface.
India's Mars Orbiter spacecraft has sent five pictures of the red planet's surface, said a senior Isro official. "The Mars Orbiter has started sending pictures. We have received five pictures and these are under processing," the official said, preferring anonymity.
Images were expected to arrive in the afternoon but there was no news about it till evening causing some concern.
Earlier on Wednesday, India created history by becoming the first country to succeed on its first Mars mission when Isro's Mangalyaan slipped into Martian orbit after a few nail-biting moments.
The country joined the United States, European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union in the elite club of Martian explorers with the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately called MOM.
"History has been created by our scientists", said PM Narendra Modi in his speech immediately after the scientists declared the mission a success. "We have dared to reach out to the unknown."
"When our cricketers win a tournament, we celebrate in a big way. What these scientists have achieved is thousand times bigger," he added.
Read: From lighter rocket to slingshot, Isro innovates its way to Mars
Earlier, there were some tense moments at the Indian Space and Research Organisation (Isro), which commanded a series of tricky manoeuvres to position the spacecraft in its designated orbit around Mars.
The insertion started at 4.17am when the spacecraft switched over to the medium gain antenna for providing  the communication link during the insertion. At 6.56am, the spacecraft  initiated the process of forward rotation, reducing its speed.
Watch: 5 Things You Must Know About Mars Orbiter Mission
Read: Knew MOM will be a success, says PM Modi
At 7.17am, the scientists had to grapple with the most critical moment — when the liquid apogee motor had to be fired. The motor was woken up for four seconds on Monday during a test-fire after 300 days of long sleep.
The motor was fired for 24 minutes, reducing the velocity of the spacecraft  by 4.2km per second in relation to Mars. This was soon followed by  moments of tension and anxiety when the communication broke as the spacecraft slipped  behind Mars as the  scientists waited for the  good news.
At 7.45am, the occult ended and after two minutes, communication with the spacecraft resumed and data was flashed about the performance of the liquid apogee motor.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi  congratulated Isro scientists after the mission met with success.
HT interactives : Ride the Mangalyaan  | MOM sensors
Most of MOM’s Mars orbit insertion happened in the dark because the spacecraft was around the surface of the planet that did not receive sunlight.
Mangalyaan, which relies on homegrown technology, is a remarkably low budget mission of about $75 million. Nasa's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, which reached its position around the Red Planet on Sunday has a price tag of $671 million - nearly nine times that of MOM's.
Scientists at Nasa’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory had wished their Indian counterparts luck a day ago. “Good luck MOM. From your JPL family,” read the message posted on Isro’s Facebook page.
Read: India expands boundaries of knowledge with Mars Orbiter Mission
India's feat gains significane in the light of the fact that more than half the world's previous attempts - 23 out of 41 Mars missions - have failed, including attempts by Japan in 1999 and China in 2011.
"India has become  the first Asian country to do the Mars mission.  This also is a reflection of the growing space race between India and China as well as in the broader Asian context," senior researcher Dr. Rajeswari Pillai Rajagopalan said.
India has said its spacecraft is chiefly meant to showcase the country's high-tech space abilities. Already, India has successfully launched a lunar orbiter, Chandrayaan-1, which discovered key evidence of water on the Moon in 2008.
Read: Bollywood lauds India's date with the red planet
MOM's scientific goals including using five solar-powered instruments to gather data that will help determine how Martian weather systems work and what happened to the water that is believed to have once existed on Mars in large quantities. It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.
None of the instruments will send back enough data to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form, what conditions might make life possible and where else in the universe it might exist. Some of the data will complement research expected to be conducted by Maven.
The Isro Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) facility in Byalalu, 55 kilometres from Bangalore, along with other global centres is tracking the spacecraft. A confirmation call through a hotline from Canberra, which is the station in position to receive the first signals came in at around 8.10 am
The spacecraft is expected to circle the planet for at least six months, following an elliptical orbit that gets within 365 kilometers (227 miles) of the planet's surface at its closest and 80,000 kilometers (49,700 miles) at its farthest.
Nasa congratulated India in a Twitter message, welcoming MOM to studying the Red Planet.
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet.
(With inputs from agencies)

Narendra Modi arrives in New York for a five-day visitpicture  others
Narendra Modi arrives in New York for a five-day visit
Describing America as India's "natural global partner", Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in New York on Friday on a five-day visit to the US, holding out an assurance that India is "open and friendly" for business and innovations.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people outside his hotel upon his arrival in New York on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi, 64, flew into New York's JFK airport on a special Air India Boeing plane on the first leg of his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister after a nearly nine-hour flight from Frankfurt where he had an overnight halt.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people outside his hotel upon his arrival in New York on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his arrival at JFK International airport in New York on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his arrival at JFK International airport in New York on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his arrival at JFK International airport in New York on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being welcomed by Indian Ambassador to US Subrahmanyam Jaishankar, his wife Kyoko Jaishankar and India's Ambassador to the UN Asoke Mukerji, on his arrival at John F Kennedy International Airport in New York on Friday to attend 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being welcomed by Col D G Misra, Military Advisor to PMI in New York on his arrival at John F Kennedy International Airport in New York on Friday to attend 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly. Indian Ambassador to US Subrahmanyam Jaishankar is also seen. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves on his arrival at JFK International airport in New York on Friday.  Indian Ambassador to US Subrahmanyam Jaishankar and his wife Kyoko Jaishankar are also seen. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people outside his hotel upon his arrival in New York on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people outside his hotel upon his arrival in New York on Friday.  (Source: PTI)
Related

Madras: A tale of crime and punishment in the slumsTamil cinema
Over the last few years, Tamil filmmakers have reduced the poor neighbourhoods of Chennai to a place bubbling with gangsters and anti-social elements.
Pa. Ranjith’s second feature titled Madras, starring Karthi and Catherine, compensates for it by providing a rich, pulsating account of life in the slums. It marks a superb comeback for Karthi after a string of duds.
The film is set in Vyasarpadi, a place that is home not just to gangsters but also to IT professionals, hip-hop loving youth, football enthusiasts, die hard romantics, working men and women.
The poor neighbourhood is portrayed not as a place that is beyond reformation, but as an inevitable part of the city that actually keeps it going. It is place from which the affluent middle and upper middle classes get their cheap labour and the politicians…their muscle.
On the surface, it is a standard story of revenge: Kaali (Karthi), a techie who has a cushy job, tries to avenge the death of his friend, Anbu (Kalaiarasan) by his political opponents. The site of a conflict is a 30 feet wall, on which a portrait of the revered leader is painted. The rival faction (of which Anbu is a member) has been trying to ‘take back’ wall in vain for years. Caught into this war of egos between the leaders of the two parties, Anbu loses his life. The rest of the film is about whether Kaali avenges the death of Anbu by killing the one of theirs.
The film brings into the narrative all aspects of life in the slum: impact of political opportunism, daily conversations, the way youth pursue the opposite sex, the effect of police brutality and so on. The women, for instance, are not your typical victims of domestic abuse from a drunk husband, but defy stereotypes. The female protagonist, Kalaiyarasi, for instance, is not a cut out, a girl who merely falls in love with Kaali. She is politically conscious, doesn't believe in the Divine and, in a way, 'reforms' Kaali when he bays for the blood.
Madras

Modi in America: India s top man goes on tourSep 27, 2014, 12.39 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Modi in America: India's top man goes on tour
Economic and financial hopes pinned to Modi are seen by many Indians, especially within the business community, as responsible for the country's rising stock market; the Bombay Sensex is up by double digits this year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi in America: India's top man goes on tour
Economic and financial hopes pinned to Modi are seen by many Indians, especially within the business community, as responsible for the country's rising stock market; the Bombay Sensex is up by double digits this year.
Post your opinion here
 
How quickly things can change.
For a decade, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was denied a visa to the United States because of the way he handled street fighting between Hindus and Muslims in the state he once led. Fast forward to today, and the same man is being welcomed with open arms by corporate executives, Indian Americans and, most importantly, President Barack Obama.
On the same day that India regained its "stable" rating from Standard and Poor's on Friday, Modi arrives in New York and will begin his trip with a visit to the United Nations Assembly, where he will discuss global health, security and issues around poverty.
After meeting with corporate executives like Satya Nadella of Microsoft and Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, Modi will put on his trademark Nehru jacket on and prepare for what some are calling an Indian "concert" at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night. Thousands, including many Indian Americans, are expected to show up to hear Modi speak. The excitement stems from Modi's promise of better days for a country that has struggled with slowing growth and rampant inflation.
Read More The man who would remake India: A 90-day scorecard
Obama hosts Modi for a private White House dinner over the weekend.
Economic and financial hopes pinned to Modi are seen by many Indians, especially within the business community, as responsible for the country's rising stock market; the Bombay Sensex is up by double digits this year.
In fact, little has changed in India since Modi took office in May, but there's hope that he will put pro-business policies in place that will ultimately improve India's economic situation. Indian Americans, many of whom are first-generation, largely credit Modi for helping to improve India's image thanks to his supposed zero tolerance for corruption, which plagues India.
M.R. Rangaswami, head of Indiaspora, an influential group of Indian-American leaders, said he's never before seen the current level of excitement around an Indian leader. "Very few leaders from India have come to the U.S. and have received this type of audience," he said.
Read More Does the Modi euphoria have a sell-by date?
Rangaswami noted that part of the excitement comes from hopes that Modi can strengthen India's relationship with the U.S., which has stagnated over the past few years.
Both India and the United States have reason to bolster ties between the two countries. Aside from trade—Modi is seen as a potential liberalizer of India's international trade and foreign investment rules—the US is likely to try to tap India as a global ally, especially in the war on terror, and as an Asian counterbalance to China.
"If the US wants a reset with India, Modi is the right person to be reaching out to," said Jonah Blank, senior political analyst at Rand Corp.
Many believe Obama this weekend will directly communicate his interest in making India a closer ally. "Expect some further improvements in relations with the U.S., especially on mutual security-related issues, like commercial piracy and terrorism on trade routes in the Indian Ocean," said John Krey, international investment analyst at S&P Investment Advisory Services.
Read More Modi's India to develop disputed border region
Krey cautioned, however, that market watchers shouldn't assume that talks between Modi and Obama will all go smoothly, especially when it comes to support for U.S.-led military action against radical Sunni Arab terrorists in the Middle East. Modi is Hindu, and his Bharatiya Janata Party has historic roots in Hindu nationalism.
"[Do] not expect Modi to give Obama carte blanche support for the allied air assault against ISIS and Khorasan positions in Syria and Iraq…Modi needs to appear neutral, since Muslims comprise roughly 13.4 percent of the population (2001 census)."
RELATED NEWS

Yahoo confronted by moment of decision  againE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indians  Americans see each other in positive light: SurveySep 27, 2014, 04.58 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Indians, Americans see each other in positive light: Survey
In India, a majority of the public (55 percent) has a favourable view of the US, including 30 per cent with a very positive outlook, according to the survey. Only 16 percent see the US unfavourably, while 29 percent offer no opinion.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indians, Americans see each other in positive light: Survey
In India, a majority of the public (55 percent) has a favourable view of the US, including 30 per cent with a very positive outlook, according to the survey. Only 16 percent see the US unfavourably, while 29 percent offer no opinion.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US comes at a time when people of both countries continue to see each other in a largely positive light, according to a Pew Reasearch Centre survey. While Madison Square Garden's sold-out shows usually include headliners like Bruce Springsteen, Madonna or Arcade Fire, tomorrow's reception for Modi is expected to draw an equally massive crowd of nearly 20,000 Indian-Americans, it said.
Modi's appearance at the midtown Manhattan entertainment venue is part of his first trip to the US as leader of the world's largest democracy and comes at a time when people of both countries continue to see each other in a largely positive light, the survey said. In India, a majority of the public (55 percent) has a favourable view of the US, including 30 per cent with a very positive outlook, according to the survey. Only 16 percent see the US unfavourably, while 29 percent offer no opinion. These high ratings are essentially unchanged from late last year, when 56 of the Indian public gave the US positive marks. Americans return the positive feelings, with a majority (55 percent) expressing a favourable assessment of India.
This shows little change compared with the last time Americans were asked to rate India in 2009, when 56% saw the emerging Asian power favourably. As with Indians' views of the US, Americans' regard for India differs by gender, income and education. Men (60 percent) and those who are better educated (59 percent) are more likely than women (51 percent) and those with less education (50 percent) to have a favourable view of
India.
Higher income Americans (63 per cent) also see India more positively, though about half with lower incomes (51 per cent) share this sentiment. The support that Indians and Americans voice for one another may reflect the ever-increasing importance of the Indian diaspora in the US and its involvement in American politics. The Indian-American population now totals over 3 million people, most of whom are highly educated and earn above the median US household income, according to a 2012 Pew Research Centre report on the growing number of Asian Americans. Nearly nine-in-ten adult Indian Americans report being foreign-born, and roughly seven-in-ten (69 percent) have close family still in India. Of those with family remaining in India, about half (49 percent) still send money back on a regular basis.
RELATED NEWS

Federal Bank Sanctions Rs 500 Cr Loan to CIALYou are here: Home Corporates
Federal Bank Sanctions Rs 500 Crore Term Loan to Cochin International Airport
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 27, 2014 19:45 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Kochi: Federal Bank has sanctioned a term loan of Rs 500 crore to Cochin International Airport Ltd (CIAL) for the construction of its new international terminal.
The private sector lender has been partnering the growth of Cochin international Airport from its inception, a press release in Kochi said.
The New International Terminal, coming up next to the existing airport complex, would enhance the traffic handling capacity of the airport to meet its future requirements.
The agreement for the Rs 500 crore term loan facility was signed by V J Kurian, managing director of CIAL, and Shyam Srinivasan, managing director and chief executive of Federal Bank, in the presence of senior executives of CIAL and Federal Bank at a ceremony held at the airport on Friday.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 19:41 (IST)

Nibble of pumpkin pie  sip of chilled coke can help Modi warm up to USprint
This Sunday morning Narendra Modi will wake up in New York on his first trip to America after nearly a decade of pariah-like visa denial. To my delight he’s put all of that behind him and is determined to script a strategic alliance. To use his own words, he’s “greatly confident” of succeeding. I hope he does.
Now, I want to help him, so here’s a bit of gratuitous but well-meant advice. My specific intention is to assist him worm his way into American hearts. It’s clearly the best place to be to achieve his purpose. And though they’re not usually difficult to enter, it’s always useful to know which keys to turn.
If Mr Modi wants to bring large cheesy grins to Yankee faces I suggest he loudly, publicly and, preferably, repeatedly praise the things they’re most proud of. Americans would love that and find it irresistible. But I don’t mean Nasa, Microsoft or old George Washington. No, not even democracy, human rights and entrepreneurship. That’s to be taken for granted.
I mean the more meaningful things that comprise America’s contribution to civilisation, as they know it. And I’m only being a tad tongue-in-cheek. Because the truth is the list I’m about to propose goes to the core of Americana!
To start with Coke. Yanks put it on par with French wine and the British pint. Drunk in sufficient quantity it can match both the hangover and even the burps they so successfully produce. And you can’t deny that it has captured the fancy of the young and trendy across every continent, no matter what their race, religion, language or complexion!
However, he mustn’t stop at Coca-Cola. The discerning Yank would think that’s a bit obvious and Mr Modi’s love of Americana shallow. To prove he’s really au fait with America’s gastronomic contribution to the twentieth century, our PM must move quickly to praise peanut butter.
This is where his true understanding of Yankee taste will become clear to all Americans. Mr. Modi must say he likes the crunchy variety and, preferably, made by either Planters or Skippy. More importantly, he must say he likes it with jelly. And, if he’s really keen to impress then let him add it has to be on plastic bread, which sells in thickly-sliced, plastic-packaged loaves stacked on supermarket shelves and is utterly tasteless. Till you add PB and jelly, of course!
But if Mr Modi wants to go the whole hog – pardon the expression but I intend no comparison – he needs to praise one thing more. Not only does persuasion work better in threes, the third could prove he’s really an American aficionado behind his Mohenjodaro-style beard.
This could be the juicy, beefy, 16-oz Yankee steak but, perhaps, Mr Modi might find that a little difficult to swallow. So let me suggest a perfectly acceptable vegetarian alternative which, additionally, is as American as the Stars and Stripes.
Pumpkin pie! Outside Yankeedoodle-land few have heard of it and none would want to taste it. More fool them! It’s delicious and I personally recommend it. More importantly, Americans adore it. Far more than apple pie.
This should be enough to win the strategic alliance he’s set his heart upon. But if Mr Modi wants to show-off his love for his new allies — and that can’t hurt — let him, at suitable intervals, drop into his conversation how he can’t resist Reeces, Fig Newtons, pretzels and bagels.
They’ll believe him because he has the figure to prove it!
The views expressed by the author are personal

Adored and also despised  halo falls off JayalalithaaAdored and also despised, halo falls off Jayalalithaa
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 27, 2014
First Published: 19:06 IST(27/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:41 IST(28/9/2014)
Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa’s life of power and pomp echoes much of the melodrama of the films she once acted in, a turbulent script of and falling and rising and of abuse and adulation.
 
The happy ending, however, isn’t quite in sight in the latest scene.
Watch: AIADMK supporters resort to violence after verdict
 
The 66-year-old was brought into politics in the late 1980s by former Tamil movie star and state chief minister, MG Ramachandran, better known as MGR, with whom she starred in more than 100 films.
 
Three years after MGR’s death in 1988, she took over his All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Khazagham (AIADMK) party, galvanising the support of the rural poor to become chief minister of the state thrice, the first time in 1991.
 
A Brahmin, she became chief of the Dravidian party with strong anti-Brahmin ideology. This marked an important milestone in her fascinating transformation from “Ammu” (used in Malayalam for daughter and as she was called by MGR fondly) to “Amma” (Mother to her legion of supporters).
 
Criticise or condemn her, politicians across party lines have a healthy respect for her. They fear her too.
 
Every political formation in the country, be it the Congress, the BJP or the Left, have at one time or other been fellow passengers in her political train of thought and action.
Criticism is something Jayalalithaa does not take too kindly. She has prevented publication of a book on her life story — Jayalalithaa A Portrait — by Tamil writer Vaasanthi, saying it contains highly objectionable material.
 
“She has brought a permanent injunction against publication of the book,” Vaasanthi told HT, claiming the book was favourable to her.
 
The book took two years to research and write and was ready for release to coincide with Jayalalithaa’s swearing in as chief minister in 2011. “But it may never see the light of the day now,” Vaasanthi said.
 
She found many takers for her brand of governance in her latest stint. The industry sees in her a tough and no-nonsense administrator. She, however, fell short in delivery – especially in the power sector.
 
“Distinctly, her present regime is far better than her previous two avatars as chief minister,” Ramachandran Ganapathi, an IIT Madras alumni and chairman of an IT company, says.
 
The ghost of the past that has come to haunt Jayalalithaa now can be traced to 1996. It had hurt her before, it has hurt her again.
 
The 1996 ostentatious wedding for her foster son and a lavish display of personal wealth proved to her undoing — it evoked revulsion among people and eventually cost her the elections that year.
 
And once out of power, her arch-rival DMK filed cases alleging that she amassed Rs. 66.65 crore. At the time she took just Re 1 as salary as chief minister. Critics said her assets of Rs. 3 crore in 1991 had become Rs. 66.65 crore by 1996.
 
Her display of wealth was once legendary, and many of her followers were known to profess their loyalty through acts such as walking on hot coals or drawing her portrait with their blood.
Read: Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years jail in corruption case; clashes in Tamil Nadu
 
Jayalalithaa was charged with amassing illegal wealth in 1997, when police seized assets including 28 kilos of gold, 750 pairs of shoes and more than 10,000 saris in a raid on her home.
 
Prosecutors said her assets, which reportedly included two 1,000-acre estates in the lush tropical state she ran, were vastly disproportionate to her earnings during her first term as chief minister from 1991 to 1996.
 

No decision yet on Anant Geete s continuation in Cabinet: Rajnath Singh7
0
New Delhi: No decision has been taken on whether or not Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete will continue in the Union Cabinet after his party Shiv Sena snapped ties with the Bharatiya Janata Party, Home Minister and senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh said on Sunday.
"The party has to take a decision. We have not had any discussions about him. The issue has not come into our consideration yet," he said.
Geete is the only minister from Shiv Sena in the NDA Cabinet.
Anant Geete is the only minister from Shiv Sena in the NDA cabinet.
#anant geete #nda cabinet #rajnath singh #bjp
The Home Minister said that the collapse of BJP's alliance with Sena ahead of Maharashtra Assembly elections was "very unfortunate".
"It's very unfortunate. We discussed it for long but, unfortunately, it (the talks) did not work out," he said. Singh, however, exuded confidence that the BJP would win majority in Maharashtra despite the parting of ways with Sena.
"We will contest the elections with full confidence and get the majority," he said.
Not only in Maharashtra, the BJP will get absolute majority in Haryana as well, Singh claimed. Both Maharashtra and Haryana are headed for Assembly polls on October 15.
"We will get a clear majority in both states," he said.
Asked whether there was a possibility of Union Minister Nitin Gadkari being made the Chief Minister of Maharashtra if BJP wins absolute majority in the state, Singh said that the party's Central Parliamentary Board would take a decision as to who would head the government in such a scenario.
2

Top Five Blue-chip Companies Lose Over Rs 45 887 Crore in Market CapThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New Delhi: Amid weakening stocks, the combined market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 45,887.6 crore last week, with RIL and ICICI Bank taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), ONGC, ITC, CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma witnessed addition.
The m-cap of RIL plunged Rs 19,728.88 crore to Rs 3,01,948.82 crore. ICICI Bank suffered a loss of Rs 10,682.94 crore to Rs 1,71,031.83 crore, while the value of SBI dipped by Rs 9,376.96 crore to Rs 1,82,380.34 crore.
TCS's value fell by Rs 4,935.99 crore to Rs 5,25,497.34 crore and Infosys lost Rs 1,162.83 crore to Rs 2,11,387.82 crore.
Among the gainers, ITC's value surged Rs 9,808.34 crore to Rs 2,96,442.94 crore, while ONGC added Rs 6,159.95 crore to Rs 3,52,657.30 crore.
The m-cap of HDFC Bank jumped Rs 2,727.51 crore to Rs 2,10,296.22 crore, while that of CIL rose by Rs 1,358.02 crore to Rs 2,19,809.48 crore and Sun Pharma added Rs 51.78 crore to Rs 1,67,158.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 companies, TCS remained at number one position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the last week, the benchmark Sensex fell by 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 11:37 (IST)

John Kerry to skip Afghan President inauguration for PM Modi’s luncheonPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 11:36 am
US Secretary of State John Kerry would skip inauguration of new Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on September 29 to attend the luncheon he and Vice President Joe Biden have organised for Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Kerry, who personally invested much of his time and energy in resolving the Afghan crisis after the presidential elections and visited Kabul several times to negotiate between the two candidates – Ghani and Abdullah Abdullah – was scheduled to travel to Afghanistan to be personally present at the swearing in ceremony of the new president.
However, given the importance that the Obama Administration attaches to the Modi Government and its efforts to strengthen relationship with India, the Secretary of State, it is learnt, decided not to travel to Kabul for the September 29 presidential inauguration.
Modi, who is currently in New York to attend the annual session of the UN General Assembly, would travel to Washington DC on September 29.
On the same day, US President Barack Obama will host a dinner for him.
After the formal Modi-Obama Summit at the White House on September 30, Biden and Kerry will host a lunch for the Prime Minister at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department.

Where Mahatma Gandhi s Satyagraha movement was bornprint
A hundred years is a long time, particularly in a town only a little older than a century itself.
The road to Tolstoy Farm, Mahatma Gandhi’s penultimate residence in South Africa, is no longer marked, if indeed it ever was. To get there I have to head south along Lenasia Drive and then follow a set of rather cryptic directions provided by an urban geographer and a sociologist.
The farm was founded in 1910, the same year Count Leo Tolstoy would die. Gandhi was a great fan of the Russian writer and the two had exchanged several rather beautiful letters, rich with ideas and encouragement.
A pictorial reproduction of that life-changing moment in 1893 when Mahatma Gandhi was thrown out of a moving train
at the Pietermaritzburg Railway Station in South Africa.
During Gandhi’s time, Tolstoy Farm was home to a thousand fruit trees, and up to 50 adults with half as many children. An arrangement of corrugated iron sheds served as living quarters, a school and a workshop. Tolstoy Farm was a communal settlement, providing a place of retreat for Gandhi, and offering sanctuary to the satyagrahis and their families. The land had been given by Gandhi’s dearest friend, the architect Hermann Kallenbach, who ran a carpentry school on the premises.
Also read: "People see Gandhi as the Father of the Nation, but I knew him as a doting grandfather," says Tara Gandhi Bhattacharjee.
Some years after Gandhi’s final departure from South Africa in 1914, Kallenbach built a permanent structure on the farm, the remains of which are all that can be seen today. Like the building, the fruit trees are long gone. The only regular visitors are the cows that come to graze on the surrounding grass.
Although Gandhi spent nearly 20 years of his life in South Africa – much of this time in Johannesburg – reconstructing the landscape of his time there, is no easy task: many structures have been demolished; others, like the farm, have been abandoned and neglected. Even those that do remain, seem, for the most part, to be largely forgotten.
It is possible, of course, to retrace what writer Lucille Davie has described as Gandhi’s “gentle footstep”, but it is a pilgrimage that requires equal parts of commitment, curiosity and imagination.
Gandhi would have first encountered Johannesburg by train in June of 1893 – the same journey that would transform his life’s path. While en route from Durban, to represent his employer at a case in the capital of Pretoria, Gandhi was evicted from the “whites only” first-class section and forced to spend a night at the station in Pietermaritzburg.
Rather than deter Gandhi, this incident, his first encounter with such state-sanctioned racism, seemed to galvanise the young lawyer, initiating him into the “full experience of the condition of Indians in South Africa”.
Nine years later, after the end of the South African War and a spell in India, Gandhi settled in Johannesburg, and set up a small law office on Rissik Street near the High Court. When the courts were relocated and the buildings demolished, in the 1940s, the surrounding land was redeveloped into a bus terminus.
In 1999, the area was renamed Gandhi Square. A 2.5m bronze sculpture of Gandhi, in his lawyer’s gown, now stands there. In typical Joburg fashion, it is installed with a motion-sensitive alarm, to deter thieves from any attempts to hawk such a valuable piece of the city’s heritage.  
In 1904, Gandhi moved from the small space behind his offices into a house in the eastern Johannesburg suburb of Troyeville, where he shared a house with his wife Kasturba and their family; and with Gandhi’s law associate Henry Polak and his wife Millie, a pair of vegetarians (which was how Polak and Gandhi first met) and radical thinkers.
Two houses on Albermarle Street – one at number 11, the other at number 19 – bear identical blue plaques marking them as national monuments. Both are known as “the Gandhi House”. Only one of these claims is correct, but it’s never really been proven which house has the advantage over the other. And so the buildings quietly share the honour.
“It’s not really that important whether he lived in this house or not, or a few houses up the road,” says architect Michael Hart, who lives in at number 19 and carefully and lovingly restored the house over 20 years ago. “What’s interesting for me is that he lived in this street. He would have walked past these houses, visited the people in them, seen the same views. The mythology and intrigue around Gandhi is much more valuable – it tells us about old Johannesburg, about the personalities that made a mark. For me, as an architect who is interested in heritage, what we do is document and preserve interesting facts for the next generation so those histories aren’t lost.”
In the black: Here, Gandhi is seen outside his office in 1906. Seated to his right, is his secretary Sonja Schlesin  and on the left, his colleague, the Jewish radical lawyer Henry Polak.
West of the city centre, in the suburb of Newtown (which Gandhi would originally have known as the racially mixed area of Brickfields, before authorities intervened and invented a case of bubonic plague, subsequently burning the entire settlement down and building a white suburb in its place – Johannesburg’s first example of urban “renewal”) there are two dissonant dedications to Gandhi’s years in Joburg.
The first is a narratively comprehensive but otherwise one-dimensional exhibition at the city’s official – and sadly neglected – museum, Museum Africa (121 Bree Street). The second is tucked away on Jenning Street, opposite the entrance to the Hamidia Mosque.
Here one can find a small monument in the shape of a cauldron (which bears resemblance to an outsized cooking pot or potjie), topped with a sheet of metal bearing the word “TRUTH”. It is a necessary token but, perhaps, inadequate to the task at hand, for it was here, in the courtyard facing the mosque, that Gandhi led one of the most important early actions of defiance.
In August 1908, Gandhi, together with a crowd of several thousand Hindus and Muslims, gathered to burn the registration papers that the government required all “Asiatics” to possess, and without which they would face expulsion from the Transvaal – a forerunner of the racist dompas or pass-book system the apartheid regime would later enforce.
“The problem is that this contribution to the peace of the world is slowly being forgotten,” says Chotubhai Makkan who, at 91 years of age, bears the unique distinction of having witnessed both the Dandi Salt March in 1930 – when he was six years old, before moving to South Africa – and the signing of the historic Freedom Charter in Johannesburg, in 1955.
“Our youngsters are not interested,” Chotubhai tells me. “They don’t follow up on history,” he says, adding that, at times, it is as if history is no longer taught or explained in schools. “Even my autobiography,” he says, “I can only give it to persons aged 60 years and over, who knew the situation previously. If I give it to a youngster, he will say: who is that?”
Surprisingly, it is another relatively unassuming house that may provide the most tangible real-world connection with Gandhi’s life in South Africa. Before the creation of Tolstoy Farm, Gandhi and Kallenbach lived together in a farm-like house (designed by Kallenbach) known as the The Kraal (a kraal is a cattle enclosure), at 15 Pine Road.
Until 2009, “The Kraal” remained as a private residence. When the owners decided to relocate, the property was put up for sale. A news report sparked a bidding war – with the government of India reportedly losing out to the eventual winner, French travel company Voyageurs du Monde, who then restored it into what is now a museum and guesthouse.
Renamed Satyagraha House, the boutique venue – somewhat ironically, described as decorated in a style of “Gandhi chic” (its rooms adhere to clean and minimalist principles) – does, nevertheless, open a rare window of imagination onto the intersection of the man and the Mahatma.
“I hadn’t really followed a lot of Gandhi’s life,” says journalist Verashni Hutchinson, who recently visited Satyagraha House, “and I wanted to go to a place that symbolised him. Gandhi has a complicated history in South Africa, and his legacy in South Africa has become more so because of his attitude towards Africans. But I was struck by how peaceful it was – and heartened that a space had been created to honour him in a beautiful way. I kept thinking what conversations they must have had, sitting there,” she says.
“I could picture Gandhi sleeping. It was so great to be able to walk where Gandhi had walked – and then, later the same day, to visit Gandhi Square and walk from there to Mandela’s former law offices, to walk where Mandela had walked.”
Nechama Brodie is a South African journalist and researcher, and spends her time collecting stories in Johannesburg and Cape Town. She is the author of The Joburg Book (Pan Macmillan)
From HT Brunch, September 28
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

Haryana elections: Hooda vs Hooda at Garhi Sampla-Kiloi seat10
0
Chandigarh: Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, who is eyeing third term, will face his namesake-- a salesman-- among other contestants from the Garhi Sampla Kiloi Assembly constituency.
Contesting as an Independent candidate, 41-year-old Bhupender Singh Hooda has filed his nomination papers from Garhi Sampla Kiloi Assembly constituency, the seat which has been held by the two-time Haryana Chief Minister since 2005.
Interestingly, the 67-year-old Congress's Chief Ministerial candidate has filed his affidavit along with nomination papers as Bhupinder Singh.
Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana #bhupinder singh hooda #bhupender singh hooda
While his namesake has filed affidavit mentioning Bhupender Singh Hooda.
The namesake, who is a resident of Kamal Colony, Tilak Nagar in Rohtak, has shown his profession as a salesman of a private company in his affidavit.
The Congress candidate has shown his profession as "Agriculturalist/Politician" in his affidavit.
A Bachelor of Commerce from MDU Rohtak in 1997, the Independent candidate has shown his total assets at Rs 7.08 lakh in his affidavit filed with along with nomination papers.
Though Hooda's namesake has not declared his social media account, but he has shown his e-mail id as hoodabhupendersingh@gmail.com, as per his affidavit.
On the other hand, Congress candidate Bhupinder Singh Hooda, who is LLB from Delhi University (1974), has shown his email id as bsh.hry@gmail.com and social media account of www.facebook.com/bhupinder.s.hooda.
Garhi Sampla-Kiloi constituency, considered to be the safest seat for the Congress at a time when anti-incumbency factor against the ruling regime is at its peak, Hooda had won the 2009 Assembly poll by a margin of over 70,000 votes from here.
Opposition INLD has nominated Satish Kumar while BJP has given ticket to Dharamvir from Garhi Sampla-Kiloi seat.
2

Pvt sector executives can also apply for Coal India CMD postPvt sector executives can also apply for Coal India CMD post
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Keen to turnaround fortunes at world's largest coal producer, the Government has invited professionals from the private sector along with those from PSUs to apply for the job of Chairman and Managing Director of Coal India Ltd.
Coal India is without a full-time chairman since May-end when S. Narsing Rao resigned. A K Dubey, additional secretary in Ministry of Coal, is officiating as Chairman till a full-time chief executive is appointed.
Government headhunters Public Enterprise Selection Board last week invited application to fill the vacancy. But unlike past when the process mostly encouraged executive from public sector firms and government to apply, an invitation to private sector executives too has been extended.
PESB in the advertisement called on private sector executives from both listed and unlisted companies with a turnover of Rs 5,000 crore to apply.
"Private Sector Executives must be working as whole time Director/President/CEO in a listed company whose average annual turnover during the last three financial years (2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14) was at least Rs 5000 crores," it said.
For executives from unlisted companies, PESB added a clause that the average annual turnover of the Group to which it blocks should be at least Rs 10,000 crore and the holding company or at least one of the subsidiaries of the Group should
be listed on a Stock Exchange.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal has been keen on roping in private sector professionals for PSUs under his remit as he looks to meet the ambitious target of providing power-to-all.
"I cannot offer them the sort of salary they may get elsewhere, but I will give them the challenge and the freedom to turn these companies around," he had said July.
Goyal consulted the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) and Cabinet Secretariat for hiring of private sector executives and PESB advertisement for Coal India was a result of this exercise, officials said.
The same criteria of inviting private sector talent, however, has not been used in other PSUs. The advertisement for the post of Chairman and Managing Director of Powergrid Corporation of India Ltd, issued on the same day as Coal India ie September 23, calls for applications from public sector executives and government officials.
Even in case of Chairman and Managing Director, Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd (NLC), advertisement for which was issued on September 18, no specific call or invitation was issued for private sector professionals.
Applications in case of Coal India has been invited by October 29 and private sector executives have to provide "the details of job handled in the past with details/particular references.

Amarprakash builders begins biggest home handover in TNSpecial Arrangement A view of 'The Royal Castle'
TOPICS
real estate
Amarprakash Developers (APDPL), a real estate and infrastructure developer in Chennai began the biggest handover in Tamil Nadu of 987 homes on Saturday in one go.
Aadarsh Surana, managing director, Amarprakash, said “With the growing level of urbanisation and standard of living amidst the city, people from all over Tamil Nadu, look forward to have a property in Chennai to lead a peaceful life with family, safety, tranquillity, easy accessibility also which fits their pocket at the same time. Looking for a location which can serve as a solution to the people’s desire for years, we finalised this location [Chromepet] amidst upcoming developments of Outer Ring Road (ORR) and GST road which has easy access to all public transport.”
“With this success came great responsibility too, that of making sure that we deliver what we have committed to all families within committed timelines with quality through hassle free procedures. Which we can proudly say that we have achieved with continuous evolution of product and it’s specifications, exceeding expectations of all our clients.”
Spread over 15 acres, The Royal Castle will be home to 1437 families out of which Amarprakash is delivering 987 Homes now, ranging from 600 sq. ft. to 2000 sq. ft. It also stands out for its unique three-level
security, star category club facilities, recreational centres and amenities.
The project is a CRISIL Chennai 5 Star Rated project with clear titles, transparent systems and advance project funding (APF) from almost all the leading banks.
“Keeping the humidity and warm climate in mind, we have used environment friendly products from best brands in the country. Also we have brought innovative ideas such as sun ban glazed windows, triple coat exterior cover for ensuring the homes are cooler from inside irrespective of the weather outside, which in turn will save energy and decrease carbon footprint,” said Amarprakash in a statement.

PSUs executives can also apply for Coal Indi...You are here: Home > Collections
Private sector executives can also apply for Coal India CMD post
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
additional secretary
(PESB in the advertisement…)
NEW DELHI: Keen to turnaround fortunes at world's largest coal producer , the Government has invited professionals from the private sector along with those from PSUs to apply for the job of Chairman and Managing Director of Coal India Ltd.
Coal India is without a full-time chairman since May-end when S. Narsing Rao resigned. A K Dubey, additional secretary in Ministry of Coal , is officiating as Chairman till a full-time chief executive is appointed.
Government headhunters Public Enterprise Selection Board last week invited application to fill the vacancy. But unlike past when the process mostly encouraged executive from public sector firms and government to apply, an invitation to private sector executives too has been extended.
PESB in the advertisement called on private sector executives from both listed and unlisted companies with a turnover of Rs 5,000 crore to apply.
"Private Sector Executives must be working as whole time Director/President/CEO in a listed company whose average annual turnover during the last three financial years (2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14) was at least Rs 5000 crores," it said.
For executives from unlisted companies, PESB added a clause that the average annual turnover of the Group to which it blocks should be at least Rs 10,000 crore and the holding company or at least one of the subsidiaries of the Group should be listed on a Stock Exchange.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal has been keen on roping in private sector professionals for PSUs under his remit as he looks to meet the ambitious target of providing power-to-all.
"I cannot offer them the sort of salary they may get elsewhere, but I will give them the challenge and the freedom to turn these companies around," he had said July.
Goyal consulted the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) and Cabinet Secretariat for hiring of private sector executives and PESB advertisement for Coal India was a result of this exercise, officials said.
The same criteria of inviting private sector talent, however, has not been used in other PSUs. The advertisement for the post of Chairman and Managing Director of Powergrid Corporation of India Ltd, issued on the same day as Coal India ie September 23, calls for applications from public sector executives and government officials.
Even in case of Chairman and Managing Director, Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd (NLC), advertisement for which was issued on September 18, no specific call or invitation was issued for private sector professionals.
Applications in case of Coal India has been invited by October 29 and private sector executives have to provide "the details of job handled in the past with details/particular references."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Justice Dattu sworn-in as new CJI27
0
New Delhi: Justice Handyala Lakshminarayanaswamy Dattu was on Sunday sworn-in as the 42nd Chief Justice of India by President Pranab Mukherjee. 63-year-old Justice Dattu took oath in the name of God at a brief ceremony held at the chandeliered Durbar Hall of the Rashtrapati Bhawan.
Vice President Hamid Ansari, Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman P J Kurien, Union ministers Rajnath Singh, Ravi Shankar Prasad, M Venkaiah Naidu, Ananth Kumar and BJP veteran L K Advani were among those present at the ceremony.
Congress leaders Abhishek Manu Singhvi and Rajeev Shulka were the only prominent opposition leaders who attended the programme.
63-year-old Justice Dattu took oath in the name of God at a brief ceremony held at the chandeliered Durbar Hall of the Rashtrapati Bhawan.
#chief justice of india #cji #rm lodha #handyala lakshminarayanaswamy dattu
Justice R M Lodha, who retired on Saturday as the CJI, senior judges of the Supreme Court, the High Court, retired judges and members of the Bar were also present. Justice Dattu has been heading the bench monitoring investigations into the 2G spectrum scam. He will have a tenure of 14 months and will retire on December 2, 2015.
"I will request for blessing of all citizens of this country to give me courage and confidence to take this institution of mine to the highest stride," he had said earlier this month when the file relating to his appointment reached the Prime Minister's Office. "Mine is the best institution in the world," he had said.
14

Gujarat: PM s US visit prompts garba enthusiasts to tattoo images of Modi  Obama3
0
Ahmedabad: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's much hyped visit to the United States is reflected back home in the elaborate Navratra festivities in Gujarat.
Navratri in Gujarat is about decorative clothing, exquisite jewelery and beautiful body paintings to flaunt at garba venues. This year though, garba enthusiasts want to reflect Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States in their tattoos and body paintings.
Garba enthusiasts are getting images Of PM Modi and US President Barack Obama tattooed on their bodies as well, and are ready to flaunt them at garba venues even as the PM begins his US visit.
#gujarat #navratri #garba enthusiast #modi us visit
"I love tattoos and this time I've got a tattoo on the subject of PM Modi's US visit", said Deepa Modi, a garba enthusiast.
Another such enthusiast Shital also had the same thing to do, "Ï do it (tattoo) every year.. This time around, Modi is in the US, so I've got it done."
Apart from getting body paintings done on their backs, arms and waists, the PM's fans are getting messages of Indo-US partnership written on their bodies as well.
Stella Chongtham, another garba enthusiast said that the tattoos show diversity and unity. "I hope the partnership between India and US grows with his visit", said Chongtham.
Body painter and Tattoo artist Jagruti Parmar has been flooded with requests  - and she loves painting the theme. "It is in demand. The PM is going to the US and the youth want to show it off on their bodies. They are demanding it and I'm proud of doing it as a tattoo artist."
656

Justice H L Dattu sworn in as the 42nd CJIPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:18 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 4:25 pm
Justice Handyala Lakshminarayanaswamy Dattu was on Sunday sworn in as the 42nd Chief Justice of India by President Pranab Mukherjee.
63-year-old Justice Dattu took oath in the name of God at a brief ceremony held at the chandeliered Durbar Hall of the Rashtrapati Bhawan.
Vice President Hamid Ansari, Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman P J Kurien, Union ministers Rajnath Singh, Ravi Shankar Prasad, M Venkaiah Naidu, Ananth Kumar and BJP veteran L K Advani were among those present at the ceremony.
Congress leaders Abhishek Manu Singhvi and Rajeev Shulka were the only prominent opposition leaders who attended the programme.
Justice R M Lodha, who retired yesterday as the CJI, senior judges of the Supreme Court, the High Court, retired judges and members of the Bar were also present.
Justice Dattu has been heading the bench monitoring investigations into the 2G spectrum scam.
He will have a tenure of 14 months and will retire on December 2, 2015.
“I will request for blessing of all citizens of this country to give me courage and confidence to take this institution of mine to the highest stride,” he had said earlier this month when the file relating to his appointment reached the Prime Minister’s Office.
“Mine is the best institution in the world,” he had said. However, the judge, who started his legal profession from Karnataka, had refused to comment on the controversy surrounding the attempt to scrap the collegium system of appointment of judges for higher judiciary.
He joined the Supreme Court as a judge in December 2008. Born on December 13, 1950, he enrolled as an advocate in 1975 and began practising in Bangalore and dealt with all types of matters — civil, criminal, tax and constitutional cases.
From 1983 onwards, he appeared in various capacities before the Karnataka High Court, including as a government pleader for Sales Tax department, standing counsel for Income Tax department and later as a government advocate. After being designated as a senior standing counsel for I-T  department in 1995, Justice Dattu was elevated as a judge of the Karnataka High Court.
He was elevated as the Chief Justice of the Chhattisgarh High Court in February 2007 and shortly afterwards shifted in the same capacity to the Kerala High Court.
He is the second apex court judge to take oath as the Chief Justice of India this year. Justice Lodha took oath in April this year.

Meet couple with 100% success rate in start-...Entrepreneurship
(They are investors, mentors…)
This is the best office we have had," he lets on. As you enter the three-storied building in Domlur, a suburb in Bangalore, you're tempted to wonder whether K Ganesh, one half of India's most successful serial entrepreneur couple, is pulling a fast one — a narrow staircase, a cramped reception, and a virtually bare cabin small enough to remind you about those 'yo mama' jokes (yo mama's house is so small she eats her meals off a dime) rather than the cool start-up offices you're accustomed to reading about (casual seating, snack-filled kitchens, gaming spaces, graffiti-ed walls et al).
It's only a board pinned casually on the wall that assures you that you're in the right place; at what is clearly the right time for the 52-year-old Ganesh, and his 51-year-old wife Meena: It reads: 'Portea, Homelane, Bigbasket, Bluestone, Avagmah'.
That, in a line, sums up the uniqueness of the Ganeshes' entrepreneurial journey: five scorching start-ups in various stages of growth that the husband-wife duo are nurturing — as passionately and obsessively as they had reared four other ventures since the early '90s that they have now exited, and made a cool stash in the process (see The Exits).
The last exit was easily the biggest, when in 2011 Pearson acquired TutorVista, which the Ganeshes set up in 2006 with an investment of Rs 50 lakh. Pearson acquired the online tutoring firm for Rs 1,000 crore. Even as they stoke the growth fires at their five startups that are currently in play, another five are in stealth mode; at least three of those are set for a launch before the year-end. One of them is a start-up called Freshgrub, which will supply meals and ready-to-eat foods to homes and offices.
Angel Investors, Too
That's a lot on their plate, right? But that's not all. Alongside, the Ganeshes also find time to play angel investor in at least 23 start-ups, at last count. These range from Little Eye Labs, which builds performance analysis and monitoring tools, and which was acquired by Facebook; to OnlinePrasad. com, which home-delivers prasad from some 50 temples.
Say hello to the couple that has its hands full investing, strategizing, managing, mentoring — and, of course, exiting when the iron is hot. Executives in the venture capital and private equity industry peg the success rate of the start-ups the Ganeshes have been involved in at an astounding 100%; the global start-up success rate in contrast is just 5%. Small wonder then the Ganeshes have a few of India's biggest and most respected industrialists buying into their ventures.
Consider one of them: in the July of 2014, the chairman emeritus of one of the India's biggest conglomerates met the CEO of Blue-Stone.com, an online fine jewellery portal that the Ganeshes flagged off in 2012. "We met him. He got very interested. He liked BlueStone's business model — a one-stop shop for jewellery design, manufacturing and retailing which helps it cut middle men and offer better business margins," says Blue-Stone CEO Gaurav Singh Kushwaha.
 
After another meeting, the 76-year-old industrialist agreed to become co-investor along with private equity firms like Accel Partners, Sama Capital and Kalaari Capital. Oh, and in case you haven't guessed by now who this investor is, it's a certain Ratan Naval Tata.
Along with investors, the Ganeshes also have their fans amongst the doyens of India Inc. Take, for instance, Shiv Nadar, founder of HCL, with whom Ganesh worked in the early days of his career, in the mid to late '80s.
"I believe that a successful entrepreneur is one who is able to make the most of a particular environment — identify opportunities and create solutions. Ganesh's sharp knack to connect the dots allows him to create something new and relevant all the time," explains the chairman of HCL and the Shiv Nadar Foundation.
What particularly sets him apart is his ability to constantly accept feedback — to assess, reassess and introspect continuously and remain positive, he adds. "Both he and Meena are very quick thinkers too."
Midas Touch
Some of those qualities were in ample evidence when, last August, the Ganeshes launched a home healthcare services company called Portea Medical. Today, that company has a workforce of over 1,000, a presence in 18 cities and makes over 25,000 home visits a month. That's impressive enough for three investors — Ventureast, Accel and Qualcomm Ventures — to come aboard.
"The way they planned Portea and scaled it up so quickly is impressive," says Infosys co-founder Nandan Nilekani. "What is also impressive is that they enter a new field, put together a team and inevitably become successful in whichever area they get into," he adds.

Mahindra Unveils New-Generation ScorpioMumbai: Homegrown auto-maker Mahindra and Mahindra on Thursday unveiled the new generation Scorpio with five variants priced between Rs 7.98 lakh and Rs 11.46 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
The new offering comes with contemporary styling, luxurious interiors and advanced technology features.
"This new generation Scorpio will deliver exceptional value while offering accessible technology," Mahindra group chairman Anand Mahindra said in Mumbai.
The company had launched Scorpio in 2002 and has so far sold over 4.5 lakh units.
Scorpio has always met the company's expectations all the time which is why it is iconic and enduring, Mr Mahindra said.
"We have made some styling changes of course, finally that is the least of the changes we have made in this car, this is a real new animal underneath the body, it is a new generation chassis, new generation transmission, interiors are completely new, there is so much to look at," he said.
To the question whether the Scorpio was taking  the company into the global league, he said, "We already think we are a global brand...Scorpio is going to do even better globally."
The Mahindra Group chairman said that Scorpio already has an established brand in Chile, South Africa, Peru, adding, "This (the new offering) will be, I hope, a new life and new chapter in the history of this brand."
As many as 74,000 Scorpio cars are already on the roads outside India, he said.
The new Scorpio will be available with 7, 8 and 9-seater options.
Mahindra & Mahindra executive director Pawan Goenka said the new offering would give additional volumes.
"Whenever new product is launched and it is liked by the consumers, there is a spike in volumes of that product. One product can make a difference in fortune for companies, we have seen it in the past, with the launches of XUV, Xylo, Scorpio," he said.
To a question about the impact of the decreasing gap in the diesel and petrol prices, Mr Mahindra said diesel vehicles have much more to offer than low fuel cost.
"Diesel cars have other benefits, such as they are more durable, more reliable, they are more fuel efficient, frankly they are green cars as well," Mr Mahindra said.
Citing the example of Europe where 50 per cent of the (modern) cars sold are diesel-run, Mr Mahindra said, "Our job is to continue to provide more performance and value."
"The product range that you see today, diesel is still dominating, therefore for this segment, diesel will remain preferable choice in the foreseeable future," Mr Goenka added.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 23:43 (IST)

Sebi Notifies Final Rules for REITsYou are here: Home Industries
Sebi Notifies Final Rules for REITs
Reuters | Updated On: September 26, 2014 18:49 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Friday notified the final rules for setting up of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and infrastructure investment trusts.
The notification comes after the capital market regulator last month said REITs should operate with an asset pool of at least Rs 500 crore ($81.8 million) and have an initial issue size of at least Rs 250 crore for shareholders.
REITs and infrastructure investment trusts are listed entities that mainly invest in income-producing assets, the earnings of which are mostly distributed to their shareholders.
They generally get special tax treatment.
($1 = 61.1400 rupees)

S&P Brings Good News for PM Modi  Upgrades India s OutlookCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Global rating agency Standard & Poor's on Friday revised India's credit outlook to "stable" from "negative", acknowledging the improved political and economic environment in Asia's third largest economy. India's rating continues to remain at BBB minus, S&P said.
"India's improved political setting offers a conducive environment for reforms, which could boost growth prospects and improve fiscal management," the rating agency said in a statement.
"We believe the current administration will remedy, to varying degrees, the growth impediments--policy paralysis, energy supply bottlenecks, and administrative obstacles," it added.
S&P's rating boost comes at a time when Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be meeting CEOs of several Fortune 500 companies in the US to hard sell India as an investment destination.
(Read: PM Modi to Hard Sell India Story to Fortune 500 CEOs in US Visit )
Since coming to power in May 2014, the new government has liberalised defense manufacturing and insurance sectors and has vowed to simplify labour laws and implement goods and services tax (GST) quickly to boost growth.
Between April and June 2014, India registered its fastest growth in nine quarters and the new government has vowed to keep the fiscal deficit under control at 4.1 per cent of GDP.
"We expect the new administration to adhere to its stated fiscal consolidation program, even though we acknowledge that planned revenues may not fully materialize and subsidy cuts may be delayed," S&P said.
The announcement led to a sharp pullback in equity markets and rupee. The Sensex snapped a 3-day losing streak today, rising 157 points. The rupee also jumped 60 paise to 61.02 from a low of 61.62 per dollar. ( Read the full story here )
Dr. Shubhada Rao, Senior President & Chief Economist at Yes Bank, told NDTV that the revision is a validation of macro-stability over the last one year.
"Pre-September 2013 was the time, when India was in extreme turbulence, the currency was volatile. Most of these concerns have been addressed and the growth prospects are looking better," she added. ( Read what other experts said )
S&P said it could raise the rating if the economy grows faster and fiscal, external, or inflation metrics improve. It warned that it may lower the rating again if the government's structural reform agenda stalls.
Standard & Poor's and Fitch Ratings had lowered their outlook on India to "negative" in 2012, warning the country of a possible rating downgrade to "junk". However, Fitch had last year returned India's sovereign outlook to stable. (Read: Rating Upgrade Around the Corner for India, Says Bank of America )
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 16:00 (IST)

CCI Initiates Antitrust Probe Against Jaiprakash AssociatesYou are here: Home Corporates
CCI Initiates Antitrust Probe against Jaiprakash Associates
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: September 26, 2014 17:05 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered an anti-trust investigation against realty major Jaiprakash Associates for alleged "unfair" and "one-sided" agreements with buyers and for allegedly abusing its dominant position in the Noida and Greater Noida region. The investigation has to be completed within a period of 60 days, the CCI has said.
The investigation against Jaiprakash Associates has been initiated on the basis of a complaint filed by Faridabad resident Aanchal Khetarpal, who alleged that the developer had arbitrarily cancelled the allotment of a plot she bought in Jaypee Greens' "Kensington Park" project in Noida.
Jaiprakash Associates not only cancelled the allotment, but 30 months after the cancellation refunded only Rs 5.38 lakh (out of Rs 11.57 lakh) paid towards booking the plot, Ms Khetarpal alleged.
"The Commission is of the prima facie opinion that the Opposite Party (Jaiprakash Associates) appears to be in a dominant position in the relevant market... Some of the clauses of the "Agreement", prima facie, appear to be unfair, one sided and loaded in favour of the Opposite Party (Jaiprakash Associates)," the CCI said in its order dated September 24. ( Read the complete order here )
Jaiprakash Associate's spokesperson told NDTV that the company is studying the order.
The CCI says prima facie Jaiprakash Associates has violated section 4(2) (a) (i) of the Competition Act, 2002, which deals with abuse of dominant position.
Interestingly, this is the same clause under which the CCI had earlier found real estate giant DLF guilty and imposed a hefty penalty of Rs 630 crore on it for abusing its dominant position in Gurgaon in 2011.
DLF had challenged CCI's decision, but in May 2014, the Competition Appellate Tribunal upheld the penalty imposed on the developer. DLF then moved the Supreme Court, which last month directed the developer to deposit Rs. 630 crore in the next three months. ( Read the full story )
Jaiprakash Associates is struggling with huge debt. According to estimates, it has standalone debt of Rs. 25,000 crore, while its subsidiaries' debt stands at Rs. 40,000 crore. ( Read )
Jaypee Infratech, which is the company's real estate and expressway arm, has an estimated debt of Rs. 13,000 crore.
Shares in Jaiprakash Associates closed 5.4 per cent higher at Rs 27.15 today and outperformed the broader Sensex, which gained 0.60 per cent. However, the stock has fallen nearly 20 per cent over the last week and around 65 per cent over the last quarter. ( Track stock )
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 17:05 (IST)

Economy Can Grow by Over 5.5% in FY15: Finance SecretaryCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: The Indian economy can grow by more than 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal year, the Finance Ministry's top bureaucrat said on Friday.
Arvind Mayaram spoke after ratings agency Standard & Poor's raised the outlook on India's 'BBB-' sovereign credit rating to stable from negative.
S&P said a return to trend growth of 5.5 per cent would justify an upgrade in India's outlook.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

RBI Chief Meets Fianace Secretary Ahead of Monetary Policy ReviewYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Chief Meets Finance Secretary Ahead of Monetary Policy Review
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 26, 2014 20:22 (IST)
New Delhi: Ahead of the Reserve Bank of India monetary policy review on September 30, the apex bank's Governor, Raghuram Rajan, on Friday met Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram and is believed to have discussed macroeconomic issues, according to sources.
The RBI is scheduled to announce its fourth bi-monthly Monetary Policy Review on September 30.
Usually, RBI Governor meets Prime Minister and Finance Minister ahead of policy review. Since the Prime Minister Narendra Modi is in the US and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is unwell, Mr Rajan met the Finance Secretary.
Even as the industry is pitching for a rate cut to boost industrial activities, the Reserve Bank is likely to maintain status-quo in the policy review.
GDP growth rose to a nine-quarter high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June period, while industrial output for
July slowed to four-month low of 0.5 per cent due to contraction in manufacturing and poor offtake of consumer goods.
Further, the retail inflation in August stood at 7.8 per cent, while the wholesale price based inflation cooled to a 5-year low of 3.7 per cent.
In its last policy review on August 5, the RBI had kept key policy rates unchanged.
However, the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) - the portion of deposits that banks are required to keep in government bonds - was cut by 0.5 per cent to unlock about Rs 40,000 crore into the system.
It also said that RBI remains committed to taking CPI-based inflation to 8 per cent by January 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
Mr Rajan, who has for the third time in a row kept the rate unchanged in August, had then said that there are upside risks to inflation in view of uncertain monsoon and its impact on food production as also volatile international oil prices.
"It is...appropriate to continue maintaining a vigilant monetary policy stance ..., while leaving the policy rate unchanged," Mr Rajan had said.
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 20:12 (IST)

Standard & Poor s raises outlook to  stable  for Reliance Industries  TCS and 8 othersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vijay Mallya s MCFL takeover battle; Zuari Group  Deepak Fertilisers raise open offer pricesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tattoo framing: A new way to grieve (OZY)tattoo framing: a new way to grieve (ozy)
Gold Demand in India to Rise in H2 2014: WGCManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Kolkata: The World Gold Council is confident that 2014 would end on a robust note in gold demand in India, contrary to the initial drop in the first half.
"This year's first-half has been a little challenging. The jewellery demand in terms of volume from January to June (first six months of 2014) as compared to the same period last year is lowered by 14 per cent. But this is a short-term trend," World Gold Council Director-Jewellery for India Vipin Sharma told PTI in an exclusive interview.
"In the long run, we see that the fundamentals are very strong. Now that the festive season is starting and the wedding season setting in, we are looking at a demand figure in the region of 850 tonnes to 950 tonnes."
"We see a very solid and robust trend as far as long-term demand and that of the year-as-a-whole is concerned. We are quite positive in terms of what to anticipate for the last quarter particularly," Mr Sharma said.
He said that the wedding season in India constituted one of the biggest segments as 50 per cent of the total gold consumption occurred during that period.
According to Mr Sharma, who is responsible for the strategic development of the World Gold Council's Jewellery division in India, short-term fluctuations were a common trend and depend on the economic reasons as well as on the sentiments of the consumers.
"Short-term fall is not new. It goes with the demand which sometimes shoots up, sometimes goes down. Last year in the April-May period we saw an unprecedented spurt in gold demand because of certain drop in prices. So we continue to see short term trends specific to economic reasons, sometimes to sentiments at consumer-level and how their anticipation how they foresee the prices," he said.
Talking about the Indian gold market's future, the World Gold Council official sounded quite hopeful going by the trend in the last five years.
"India's love for gold is well known and commodities that historically associated with every celebrations in the country. We continue to see a very robust long term trend in India."
"And in the last five years the total demand at an average it has been more than 800 tonnes per year which is large and significant quantity. So long term trends continues to be very healthy and robust," Mr Sharma added.
Story first published on: September 26, 2014 22:54 (IST)

ONGC Videsh Signs Pact With Petroleos MexicanosYou are here: Home Corporates
ONGC Videsh Signs Agreement With Petroleos Mexicanos
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 27, 2014 20:19 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Keen to expand into Mexico, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos or Pemex for cooperation in the Latin American nation.
The MoU (memorandum of understanding) was signed by Anil Bhandari, director (exploration) of OVL, and Gustavo Hernandez Garcia, director general of Pemex Exploracion Y Produccion, at Cancun, Mexico on the sidelines of the World National Oil Companies Congress- Americas.
"Under the MOU, the two companies plan to discuss future cooperation and collaboration in the upstream sector in Mexico. The MOU also envisages cooperation in the fields of technology, human resources, research and development," OVL said in a statement.
Mexico is the largest crude oil producing country in Latin America. It has excellent potential for both conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon. As a result of recent energy reforms in the country, the oil and gas sector is being opened for participation by foreign firms.
Besides OVL, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), too, is looking to invest in Mexico as North America's third-biggest producer courts foreign companies after a 76-year hiatus.
Mexico in December permitted private investment in the oil industry to help reverse a decade-long slump in output.
Pemex plans to establish 10 joint ventures in mature, onshore and offshore areas by December 2015. It has fields holding an estimated 20.6 billion barrels.
OVL has participation in 35 projects in 16 countries, including Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Brazil, Colombia, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Libya, Mozambique, Myanmar, Russia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela and Vietnam.
It currently produces about 160,000 barrels of oil and oil equivalent gas per day and has total oil and gas reserves of 637 million tonnes of oil equivalent.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 20:16 (IST)

Small-town US politician emerges as unlikely foe of ModiYou are here » Home » My World
Small-town U.S. politician emerges as unlikely foe of Modi
By Reuters Sep 27 2014 , New York
Tags: Modi in US , News
A city council member from a Chicago suburb of 25,000 people is making for an unlikely antagonist of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, population 1.2 billion.
Joseph Whittington of Harvey, Illinois, worked with a group of New York lawyers to found a nonprofit and file a civil lawsuit that said Modi failed to stop anti-Muslim rioting in 2002. The suit was filed on Thursday in New York and seeks damages for crimes against humanity.
Whittington, 70, said on Friday that he was taking up the cause because some of his constituents were attacked or had family members killed during the riots in Gujarat. Their stories reminded him of the U.S. civil rights movement.
"I can see the same similarities in the struggles of African-Americans," Whittington, who is black, told reporters at a news conference.
Modi, a Hindu nationalist, has long faced accusations of looking the other way during the violence, but he has denied the accusations. The Indian government called the suit a "frivolous and malicious attempt to distract attention" from Modi's visit to the United States this week.
As a member of the Harvey city council, Whittington has no authority to act in his official capacity against Modi. His advocacy, though, raised to the surface U.S. concerns over Modi's past just as Modi began a trip that includes a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama.
In 2005, the United States denied Modi a visa because of the Gujarat rioting, and it warmed up to him only after it became clear this year that he would win election as prime minister.
At the news conference at a New York hotel, reporters pressed Whittington and two New York lawyers for details on why they were suing Modi and who was behind the nonprofit they founded, the American Justice Center. Whittington is its president.
The three men said that despite their different backgrounds they were united by the idea of justice for Gujarat Muslims, even as Whittington acknowledged their suit has little chance of succeeding.
'A LEAF IN THE WIND'
Whittington quoted the late U.S. civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and said in a booming voice with dramatic pauses that people should not stay silent on moral issues.
He said he was drawn to the Gujarat cause by forces beyond his control. "I'm just a leaf that is in the wind," he said. "I never asked to address this issue."
In the Gujarat riots, some 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, died in a wave of reprisal attacks after a train carrying Hindu pilgrims was set on fire.
Whittington, who used to work for a nonprofit teaching prison inmates, told Reuters in an interview that he came to know immigrants from Gujarat in his role as a city council member, a position he has held since 2003.
The city of Harvey has "block clubs" for neighbors on a city block to address crime and other issues, and he helped the Gujaratis to organize, visited their homes and shared meals with them, he said. He said he is not being compensated for serving as the president of the nonprofit.

Tamil Nadu: Jayalalithaa s successor as CM likely to be decided today  say sources4
0
Chennai: Legislators of the ruling All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam are likely to decide on the new Tamil Nadu Chief Minister as they meet in Chennai on Sunday evening, say sources.
A day after their party supremo and Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted and sentenced in the Rs 66.65 crore illegal asset case, AIADMK MLAs are likely to propose a candidate for the CM's post.
Party sources said the meeting is likely to be held later in the day and all the legislators have been asked to be present.
#jayalalithaa #arrest #jail #corruption
Majority of the ministers of the Jayalalithaa ministry and MLAs had been in Bangalore since Saturday to know the outcome of the Special Court verdict. Some of the names of Jayalalithaa's cabinet ministers including O Panneerselvam, Natham Viswanathan and V Senthil Balaji besides former Chief Secretary and Advisor to Tamil Nadu government, Sheela Balakrishnan are doing the rounds for the top post.
However, Jayalalithaa could still spring a surprise by possibly nominating a more not-so-known face.
Meanwhile, normalcy was returning to the state which witnessed sporadic violence in the aftermath of Jayalalithaa's conviction and sentencing, police said.
Bus services, suspended in many parts of the state, were being resumed in a phased manner though operations to Bangalore were still not being taken up. Jayalalithaa was handed down four year simple prison term and Rs 100 crore fine by the court in a verdict that sent shock waves among AIADMK cadres.
Jayalalithaa's close associate N Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who are the other accused in the case were also given four-year prison term and slapped a fine of Rs 10 crore each.
(With inputs from PTI)

Govt s secure email service to cover 5mn officials by Mar 2015Govt's secure email service to cover 5mn officials by Mar 2015
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 11:54 AM IST
By the end of the current fiscal, five million officials will be using government's secure email, which seeks to ban use of popular email services like Gmail and Yahoo! in official communication to safeguard critical and sensitive government data.
Government has approved the proposal moved by Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY) to establish a secure and encrypted email service for government officials.
"We are in the process of implementing this. At present about a million officials are covered by it and we need to scale it to cover a total of 5 million employees. This process will be completed by March 2015," DeitY Secretary R S Sharma told PTI.
A budget of Rs 100 crore has been allocated for the project, which includes expanding infrastructure and ramping up security of servers that will be used to store the mails, he added.
"We need to scale the infrastructure of the National Informatics Centre (NIC) to accommodate this large number of officials. Also there will be a state-of-the-art security for the service to ensure nothing happens," he said.
According to sources, government communication, barring those of Ministry of Defence and External Affairs, will be done using the NIC platform.
While Defence Ministry has its own separate secure email server, the External Affairs too may follow suit.
The move comes amid concerns about rising cybercrime and hacking incidents. Earlier in September, five million usernames and passwords of Google were reported to have been leaked online by Russian hackers.
Sources said the email policy seeks to protect critical government data and aims to make it mandatory for government offices to communicate only on NIC platform and not commercial email services Gmail, Yahoo!, Hotmail, etc.
Earlier this month, Communication and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has also said that a system of secured email is being established to increase its usage within the government by March, 2015.
Governments globally have also been trying to secure their official communication post fallout of the Snowden saga, which contended the US intelligence agencies used a secret data-mining programme to monitor worldwide Internet data to spy on various countries, including India.

Hong Kong activists start bigger protest amid standoffPress Trust of India | Hong Kong | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:27 pm
Hong Kong activists kicked off a long-threatened mass civil disobedience protest Sunday to challenge Beijing over restrictions on voting reforms, escalating the battle for democracy in the former British colony after police arrested dozens of student demonstrators.
The announcement by civil leaders came after a big crowd of tens of thousands turned out around midnight Saturday to support the student protesters who stormed into a courtyard of the government complex and scuffled with police wielding pepper spray. Police arrested at least 74 people, including some in their teens.
The night passed peacefully as more than 1,000 exhausted and weary protesters – most of them students – remained on the streets outside government headquarters and erected makeshift barricades with open umbrellas to slow any advance by police. They slept wearing face masks and protective gear of Saran-wrapped arms, cheap plastic raincoats and goggles, as tired-looking riot police looked on.
Some students hurried to join them Sunday morning, saying they didn’t want to leave their friends in case of a police crackdown, but the crowd later dwindled to a few hundred. Many students were not happy that their protest was taken over by Occupy Central with Love and Peace, a broader movement fighting for democratic reform.
The Occupy Central movement had originally planned to paralyze the Asian financial hub’s central business district on Wednesday, but organizers moved up the start of their protest and changed the location in an apparent bid to harness momentum from the student rally outside the government complex in the southern Chinese city.
“I think it’s quite ridiculous for them to do such a thing … but I decided to stay because they have the same aim for democracy,” said university student Li Xi-lang Harold, 19. Democracy supporters are demanding that China’s Communist leaders allow fully democratic elections in 2017.
China, which took control of the former British colony in 1997, has promised that Hong Kong’s top leader can be chosen through universal suffrage. But tensions over Hong Kong’s political future boiled over after China’s legislature last month ruled out letting the public nominate candidates, instead insisting they be screened by a committee of Beijing loyalists similar to the one that currently picks the city’s leader.
Hong Kong’s young people have been among the most vocal supporters of full democracy in recent years, fueled by anger over widening inequality. They also fear that Beijing’s tightening grip is eroding the city’s rule of law and guaranteed civil liberties unseen on the mainland such as freedom of speech.
Organizers of Occupy Central said they want Beijing to abandon its decision and the Hong Kong government to resume political reform consultations. “The continued…

Top 5 blue-chip cos lose Rs 45 887.6 cr in m...benchmark
(While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank…)
NEW DELHI: Amid weakening stocks , the combined market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 45,887.6 crore last week, with RIL and ICICI Bank taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), ONGC, ITC , CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma witnessed addition.
The m-cap of RIL plunged Rs 19,728.88 crore to Rs 3,01,948.82 crore. ICICI Bank suffered a loss of Rs 10,682.94 crore to Rs 1,71,031.83 crore, while the value of SBI dipped by Rs 9,376.96 crore to Rs 1,82,380.34 crore.
TCS's value fell by Rs 4,935.99 crore to Rs 5,25,497.34 crore and Infosys lost Rs 1,162.83 crore to Rs 2,11,387.82 crore.
Among the gainers, ITC's value surged Rs 9,808.34 crore to Rs 2,96,442.94 crore, while ONGC added Rs 6,159.95 crore to Rs 3,52,657.30 crore.
The m-cap of HDFC Bank jumped Rs 2,727.51 crore to Rs 2,10,296.22 crore, while that of CIL rose by Rs 1,358.02 crore to Rs 2,19,809.48 crore and Sun Pharma added Rs 51.78 crore to Rs 1,67,158.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 companies, TCS remained at number one position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the last week, the benchmark Sensex fell by 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
FEATURED ARTICLES

More than 30 believed dead at Japanese volcanoPress Trust of India | Tokyo | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:07 pm
Rescue workers on Sunday found more than 30 people unconscious and believed to be dead near the peak of an erupting volcano, a Japanese police official said.
The victims have been described as not breathing and their hearts have stopped, which is the customary way for Japanese authorities to describe a body until police doctors can examine it.
The official from Nagano prefecture police said details of where the bodies were found and their identities were not immediately known. He spoke on condition of anonymity because he wasn’t authorized to speak publicly.
Mount Ontake in central Japan erupted shortly before noon Saturday, spewing large white plumes of gas and ash high into the sky and blanketing the surrounding area in ash. At least 250 people were initially trapped on the slopes, but most made their way down by Saturday night.
Keita Ushimaru, an official in nearby Kiso town, said that Nagano prefecture crisis management officials had informed the town that at four people were being brought down with heart and lung failures, and that there were others in the same condition.
Rescue workers were also trying to bring down the injured who were stranded on the mountain overnight. Military helicopters plucked seven people off the mountainside earlier Sunday, and workers on foot were also helping others make their way down.

US hits jihadists in Syria  Al-Qaeda threatens coalitionPrint
File photo released by the U.S. Air Force, a U.S. Navy F-18E Super Hornet fighter jet receives fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker over northern Iraq after conducting airstrikes in Syria as part of U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the Islamic State group. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Damascus | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:47 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 12:49 pm
The Al-Nusra Front, Al-Qaeda’s Syrian franchise, has threatened reprisals against nations participating in air strikes against the Islamic State group, denouncing them as “a war against Islam.”
Group spokesman Abu Firas al-Suri said in a video posted online on Saturday the states involved had “committed a horrible act that is going to put them on the list of jihadist targets throughout the world.”
The warning came as the US-led coalition widened its air strikes against the IS group in Syria , as British warplanes flew their first anti-jihadist combat missions over neighbouring Iraq.
Washington has been supported in its Syria campaign by Arab allies Bahrain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
Seven targets were hit in Syria, the Pentagon said, including at the border crossing into Turkey of the besieged Kurdish town of Ain al-Arab, also known as Kobane.
Muhsin al-Fadhli, a long-standing Qaeda operative and alleged leader of Khorasan, was killed in the strikes, according to a jihadist who fought with the group.
The SITE monitoring group said a series of tweets from the jihadist, identified as a member of Al-Qaeda, expressed condolences for the deaths of Fadhli and another Khorasan leader, Abu Yusuf al-Turki.
The US-based monitoring service said the jihadist in Twitter postings dated September 27 also lamented the situation on the ground in Syria as coalition forces bombard IS forces.
The United States and its coalition partners aim to destroy the Islamic State group, which controls a swathe of territory in Iraq and Syria, has murdered two US journalists and a British aid worker and is locked in a brutal war with Iraqi and Kurdish authorities.
The IS campaign there has already driven 160,000 refugees into Turkey.
Royal Air Force Tornado GR4 jets took off from Britain’s RAF Akrotiri on Cyprus for Iraq but returned to base without dropping their laser-guided bombs.
“On this occasion no targets were identified as requiring immediate air attack by our aircraft,” said a defence ministry spokesman in London.
Belgium and Denmark have also approved plans to join France and the Netherlands in targeting IS in Iraq, allowing Washington to focus on the more complex operation against its Syria base.
Washington warned that the jihadists could not be defeated in Syria by air power alone, saying that up to 15,000 “moderate” rebels would need to be trained.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Turkey could take a military role in the coalition, the Hurriyet daily reported.
He said the government would go to parliament with a motion on October 2, after which “all the necessary steps” would be taken.
Ankara had previously insisted its hands were tied over dozens of Turkish hostages abducted by IS in Iraq, but they are now free.
Hundreds of Syrian Kurdish refugees, clutching whatever they could grab, crossed the border on Saturday to safety.
Turkey’s NTV television reported that shells fired from Syria hit Suruc, about 10 kilometres north of the border, wounding two women.
Senior Syrian Kurdish official Newaf Khalil told AFP that air strikes hit the IS-held town of Ali Shar east of Ain al-Arab, destroying several IS tanks.
Coalition aircraft also pounded the Euphrates valley city of Raqa, which the jihadists have made the headquarters of the “caliphate” they declared in June over swathes of Iraq and Syria.
“At least 31 explosions were heard in Raqa city and its surroundings,” said the Britain-based Observatory.
Washington has been keen not to let Syrian President Bashar al-Assad exploit the anti-IS campaign to make gains in the more than three-year-old civil war.
The US and Arab allies began air strikes against IS in Syria on Tuesday, more than a month after Washington launched its air campaign against the jihadists in Iraq.
Washington had been reluctant to intervene in Syria, but acted after the jihadists captured more territory and committed widespread atrocities, including beheading three Western hostages.
A US defence official told AFP Friday the Syrian mission is now similar to Iraq’s, with “near continuous” sorties.
Washington also plans to train and arm 5,000 Syrian rebels, although top US military officer General Martin Dempsey said 12,000-15,000 men would be required to recapture “lost territory” in Syria.

BSE targeting 10-times faster trades within ...Ashish Chauhan
(Already, the exchange has…)
NEW YORK: Having begun with a humble background of functioning under banyan trees, India's leading bourse BSE is now eyeing a slot among the world's most technologically advanced exchanges and is targeting ten-times faster trades on its platform within three years.
Already, the exchange has made significant changes in its technology and has attained a response time of 200 micro- seconds for trades executed on its platform, BSE CEO Ashish Chauhan said.
The aim is to bring the response time further down to 20 micro-seconds within the next three years, Chauhan said.
Chauhan is here to participate in a number of business meetings planned in the wake of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's five-day visit to the US from September 26-30.
"Today 200 micro-seconds of response time puts us in top 5-10 per cent of the exchanges of the world in terms of the ability to give he response time. It is not only about the speed but also about scalability that is the ability to take order, he said.
"Today we are able to handle 500,000 orders in a second at the response time of 200 micro seconds. If you are able to take large orders, your response time should not suffer," he said, while adding that proper safeguards are also in place to guard against any risks attached with high-speed trading.
Chauhan said: "We have also implemented a framework that ensures that this is lowest cost, but highest in terms of technology. We have used open source software. We have utilised the technology prowess of India to ensure that we are able to get more from the same hardware.
"We also implemented in April 2014 the new technology we had acquired from Deutsche Boerse and in 5-6 months that it has been in practice our number of orders per day has gone up already three times. Earlier it was 12-15 crore orders on best of the days, and today we are recording 40-45 crore orders a day on a regular basis."
BSE has come a long way in the last 6 months, but it still has a long way to go, he added.
"We must strive, like our regulators, to be at the forefront. At the same time, the potential risks are taken care of. We have put in a system to calculate the value at risk for all our investors on a real time basis, Chauhan said.
"There are more than 2.6 crore investors registered on BSE and anytime they trade our computers calculate the portfolio and the value at risk on a one-day basis, that is how much money they can potentially lose, and that is converted into margin call and only if there is enough margin, the investor and the broker would be allowed to do that trade," he added.
The BSE chief said that Indian capital market was among the most sophisticated ones when it comes to transaction processing.
"After we became automated in 1994-1995, we (India) were at the forefront but then somehow we lost out to some other markets . We are again back in the reckoning with the BSE implementing this new technology.
"Today we are at 200 micro-seconds and within three years time, we should be in the 20 micro-seconds range.
That would put us in top one per cent of the exchanges across the world when it comes to speed and the scalability," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Having it all  more than we know: India will transcend regressive elementsComments
That picture of our rejoicing women space scientists was fantastic. They were totally themselves, wearing jasmine and silk, exuding sincerity, commitment and values as solid as the granite that holds up South India.
Indian staff from the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) celebrate after the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft (MoM) successfully entered the Mars orbit at the ISRO Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) in Bangalore. (AFP Photo)
When I compare it to confused, unhappy states at the other end, which won’t even let their young people play in bands, I know where I’d rather belong. This India has a future and works hard for it without expecting ‘appeasement’ and handouts. It has come up through its own effort, sustained on curd-rice, some of it through sturdy regional engineering colleges. Transcending its own culturally regressive elements, this India will and shall move positively ahead, its women scientists wearing flowers in their hair.
The picture affirms that there are Indians out there who have a life, who refuse to be dumbed down by cricket-Bollywood, who know things without showing off. In our wasteland of bad behaviour, narrow thinking and loud voices, their wonderful smiles brought back, of all things, the memorial evening for General Sundarji some days after his passing, at Baird Place, Delhi Cantt. Diplomat AP Venkateswaran was the flawless compere for the programme of music chosen by the general’s wife. It included recordings of Ms Subbulakshmi, Rabindra Sangeet, KL Saigal, Pankaj Mullick, Lata Mangeshkar, jazz — many wonderful songs, ending with Frank Sinatra’s ‘My Way’.
Also read: From lighter rocket to slingshot, Isro innovates its way to Mars
In between, nuclear physicist Dr Raja Ramanna, whose piano had been sent for, played two of General Sundarji’s favourite Western classical pieces, Beethoven’s ‘Moonlight Sonata’ and Schumann’s ‘Traumerai’. Afterwards I told Dr Ramanna what a perfect ‘whisky- sambar’ evening it had been, not that either was served but as a metaphor for the tremendous zest that marked a number of interesting Indian lives. The evening was a celebration of that India, ‘at home in the world’, that we were raised to work for. Dr Ramanna laughed and said that his translation of the Mukundamala Stotra (by Kulasekhara Alwar, one of the last Chera kings, c. 1100 CE) from Sanskrit to English was then in its 18th edition. His response to my remark was not out of context, he was saying that we could and did have ‘everything’.
It was not about tamashas, vulgar weddings and giving conspicuous consumption a bad name. It was about making an effort, cultural confidence, tehzeeb and tameez, vidya and rasa to furnish the mind and heart. It was heritage, hard work and being punctual, it was authentic ahar that gave you strength. It was not money-rich. It was an effort-rich, content-rich quality of life, engaged and enthusiastic, open-minded and appreciative. I thought it was headed for extinction.
Seeing those happy faces at ISRO brought it all back, connecting with the general’s memorial that it’s positive effort that makes life beautiful. ‘That’ India would perhaps be valued more today if we had upheld high standards in key life areas? But then, those women scientists and older achievers don’t seem to have hung around waiting for perfect circumstances to acquire a work ethic nor did they have to be cajoled into a sense of common cause to work for India. They just got on with it.

Justice H L Dattu sworn in as the 42nd CJIPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:18 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 4:25 pm
Justice Handyala Lakshminarayanaswamy Dattu was on Sunday sworn in as the 42nd Chief Justice of India by President Pranab Mukherjee.
63-year-old Justice Dattu took oath in the name of God at a brief ceremony held at the chandeliered Durbar Hall of the Rashtrapati Bhawan.
Vice President Hamid Ansari, Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman P J Kurien, Union ministers Rajnath Singh, Ravi Shankar Prasad, M Venkaiah Naidu, Ananth Kumar and BJP veteran L K Advani were among those present at the ceremony.
Congress leaders Abhishek Manu Singhvi and Rajeev Shulka were the only prominent opposition leaders who attended the programme.
Justice R M Lodha, who retired yesterday as the CJI, senior judges of the Supreme Court, the High Court, retired judges and members of the Bar were also present.
Justice Dattu has been heading the bench monitoring investigations into the 2G spectrum scam.
He will have a tenure of 14 months and will retire on December 2, 2015.
“I will request for blessing of all citizens of this country to give me courage and confidence to take this institution of mine to the highest stride,” he had said earlier this month when the file relating to his appointment reached the Prime Minister’s Office.
“Mine is the best institution in the world,” he had said. However, the judge, who started his legal profession from Karnataka, had refused to comment on the controversy surrounding the attempt to scrap the collegium system of appointment of judges for higher judiciary.
He joined the Supreme Court as a judge in December 2008. Born on December 13, 1950, he enrolled as an advocate in 1975 and began practising in Bangalore and dealt with all types of matters — civil, criminal, tax and constitutional cases.
From 1983 onwards, he appeared in various capacities before the Karnataka High Court, including as a government pleader for Sales Tax department, standing counsel for Income Tax department and later as a government advocate. After being designated as a senior standing counsel for I-T  department in 1995, Justice Dattu was elevated as a judge of the Karnataka High Court.
He was elevated as the Chief Justice of the Chhattisgarh High Court in February 2007 and shortly afterwards shifted in the same capacity to the Kerala High Court.
He is the second apex court judge to take oath as the Chief Justice of India this year. Justice Lodha took oath in April this year.

Nalco approves dividend payout of 30% for 20...Dividend Issuance
(Public sector aluminium giant…)
BHUBANESWAR: Public sector aluminium giant Nalco has approved a total dividend payout of 30 per cent amounting to Rs 387 crore for 2013-14.
The dividend was approved at the 33rd Annual General Meeting of the Navaratna PSU held here yesterday, Nalco Chairman-cum-Managing Director Ansuman Das said.
The shareholders of National Aluminium Company Ltd approved a total dividend payout of 30 per cent, which worked out to Rs 1.50 per share, he said.
The total pay-out was Rs 387 crore for 2013-14, the CMD said, adding that since its inception, Nalco had paid a total of Rs 4,906 crore as dividend, including Rs 4,234 crore as share of Government of India .
Das said after 33 years of operations, the company is now focusing to move forward through further expansions, diversifications, and thereby enhance sustainability coupled with stakeholders' satisfaction.
Peripheral Development and environment protection has been given additional thrust, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AIADMK to appeal against Jayalalithaa s verdict in HCAIADMK to appeal against Jayalalithaa's verdict in HC
ANI | Bangalore Sep 28, 2014 01:16 PM IST
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) Karnataka state secretary V Pugalendi, who arrived here on Sunday to meet jailed party supremo J Jayalalithaa, said that they would move the High Court on Monday to appeal against the verdict in the disproportionate assets case.
Jayalalithaa was found guilty of amassing disproportionate assets worth Rs 66 crores by a Bangalore court on Saturday and sentenced to four years in prison, along with a fine of Rs 100 crore.
ALSO READ: Jayalalithaa convicted in corruption case, gets 4 yrs in jail, Rs 100 crore fine
"Karunanidhi regime has filed the false case and all this is politically motivated. So we will go to the High Court tomorrow and appeal on honourable Amma's direction," V Pugalendi said adding, "This is the only case where Amma has been defeated. But still there is no problem. We will win under the directions of Amma.
Soon after hearing the court's verdict yesterday, Jayalalithaa reportedly complained of dizziness, and had to be rushed to a hospital.
But Pugalendi put to rest concerns about her health, saying, "There is no problem now. The doctors attended her last night. Amma (J Jayalalithaa) is diabetic."
Describing the current situation in the state, he said, "Today people below the poverty line are crying. This is the situation in Tamil Nadu."
ALSO READ: On a verdict and a prayer
AIADMK supporters had picketed and protested outside the court premises on Friday, at the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border and outside the residence of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi.
Police had to resort to a baton charge to disperse the gathering and bring a sense of order to the area. One man even attempted to immolate himself.
The AIADMK supporters in Chennai have continued their protest today outside the party headquarters while business establishments and offices remain closed in Chennai.

Expect Nifty to go up by 50-70 pts: Sandeep WagleBank Nifty
("The closing on Friday was…)
In a chat with ET Now, Sandeep Wagle , Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth , shares his views on the markets and some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: Can the market uptick on Friday sustain on Monday morning?
Sandeep Wagle: It can sustain up to 50 to 70 points. So, that makes 8030-8040 the target levels on the spot Nifty. The closing on Friday was around 7960-7965 or 7970 levels. At those levels, I would still expect some kind of correction in the market. More so, we have a truncated week. So I do not expect a rally or a correction or a fall either way. I mean the market may witness a lot of choppiness, 7850 on the downside and 8050 on the upside. We are somewhere in between now. So the moves may not be sustained, but yes , the market can go up by another 50-70 points, with individual stocks outperforming. That is quite possible.
ET Now: Would you prefer a JSPL or a Hindalco? What are your views here?
Sandeep Wagle: I would avoid getting into these stocks. Both of them, according to me, are bearish. They may bounce back. The bounce back may continue, but at higher levels they will witness some selling. Bottom is not yet done and as of now I am still very clear on that. So I would avoid going long in any of the stocks.
ET Now: One has seen volatility in JP Power and JP Associates this week. How do you approach the names, come Monday?
Sandeep Wagle: I have been a seller in both of these stocks and even now JP Power has bounced back. But at higher levels it will face resistance at 14-14.5. So I do not think it will get past that, though both of the stocks have fallen quite a bit. I do not see any sense in buying them even at lower levels and I would strictly advise avoiding any kind of bottom fishing. In that sense they are a strict no-no for me. Whether one wants to go short here, that is a different question. I still see lower levels. So yes, one can go short here or on a little bit of bounce back.
ET Now: I want to talk a little bit about the Bank Nifty and what are the charts now indicating to you because it has had a tough ride all of this week, besides of course the bounce that we saw on Friday?
Sandeep Wagle: If you talk of the Bank Nifty, for the short term, it has made bottom at 15,200. On the upside, I do not see it break the 16,100-16,050 range. Another maybe 300-350 points. So, see a lot of volatility within that. I do not see 15,300 being broken in fact. I would talk of this 500-700 point range in which the Bank Nifty is likely to move. I will not term it as bullish. I would still term it as a bounce back move and from there, from these levels of 16,000-16,100 again some selling can come in, which can bring it back to 15,400-15,500 levels. So it would be broadly range- bound in the 500-600-point range.
ET Now: Which are the top two or three stocks that traders should keep an eye on Monday morning?
Sandeep Wagle: I can talk of my calls. A sell in Bank of India at higher levels. This stock is looking rather weak. So I would sell it in the range of 254 to 258, with a stop loss of 265 and I would look at targets of 220 over the next few days, not on probably Monday or Tuesday, maybe over a couple of weeks. The second call is a buy in Voltas which gave a breakout on Friday and I expect that move to continue. I expect that momentum to continue. I would buy it with a stop loss of 234 and a target of 255.
ET Now: Two stocks which also moved up in late Friday session were Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy. Would you buy into them on Monday morning?
Sandeep Wagle: Not really because at around 840 levels, Sun Pharma will face a lot of resistance. Not to say it will be weak, but it may move sideways and I would prefer to play Sun Pharma as a buy on every correction. In fact, at around 780 levels, we have recommended buying as investment with a 3 to 6 to 12 months' view and a target beyond 950 or so. That has got nothing to do with trading. As a trade, I see Sun Pharma in the range of 790 to 840. Nearer 840, you should book out, wait for corrections to buy. Inherently, this stock is strong. I am not that comfortable taking trade in both Ranbaxy and Sun Pharma. As an investment, Sun Pharma is very comfortable and the right levels are somewhere between 800 and 780.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSE  Bank of New York Mellon to Ease Foreign Investment RulesYou are here: Home Corporates
BSE, Bank of New York Mellon to Ease Foreign Investment Rules
Reuters | Updated On: September 27, 2014 11:57 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: BSE Ltd and Bank of New York Mellon have signed an agreement enabling foreign investors to provide AAA-rated sovereign bonds traded outside of India as collateral for trades done on the domestic exchange, the two parties said in a joint statement released late on Friday.
The two parties said with the signing of this agreement they "aim to enhance the trading experience for foreign institutional and retail investors and bring Indian practices in line with the best in the world".
The move is expected to make it easier for foreign investors to operate in India and reduce their costs of collateral and trading in Indian markets significantly over a period of time.
"Currently FIIs have to go through a time consuming process to get approvals for collaterals under SEBI...this MoU (memorandum of understanding) would mean they will come directly to the exchange. This will reduce their time to market," a BSE spokesman told Reuters.
Foreign institutional investors who have been key behind the Sensex hitting all-time highs on September 8 have bought Indian shares worth $13.95 billion and debt worth $19.70 billion so far this calendar year.
Indian shares have been the best performers in Asia in 2014 so far. The Sensex is up 26.7 per cent while the Nifty is up 28.7 per cent in dollar terms.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

India s forex reserves slip further to $315.59 billionIndia's forex reserves slip further to $315.59 billion
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 27, 2014 12:27 AM IST
‘Continuing a downward trend for the third consecutive week, India's foreign exchange reserves fell by $101.3 million to $315.596 billion in the week to September 19 despite a rise in non-US currency assets.
In the week to September 12, the reserves had dropped by $1.615 billion to $315.697 billion.
Foreign currency assets, a major constituent of overall reserves, rose by $18.9 million to $288.783 billion for the week under review.
FCAs, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation/depreciation of the non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen held in reserves.
The gold reserves remained unchanged at $20.933 billion.
The special drawing rights were down $8.4 million to $4.324 billion, while India's reserve position with the IMF dipped by $111.8 million to $1.555 billion during the week, the RBI data showed.

Mac users not at risk from the  Shellshock  computer bug: Apple26
0
Boston: Apple said the vast majority of Mac computer users are not at risk from the recently identified "Shellshock" computer bug, which security experts have warned affect operating systems, including Mac's OS X.
"The vast majority of OS X users are not at risk," Apple spokesman Bill Evans said late Thursday evening.
"Shellshock" is a vulnerability in Bash, a piece of software packaged with Mac OS X, which is based on the Unix operating system. The bug does not appear to affect Apple's iOS, which is used on the iPhone and iPad, or machines running Microsoft's Windows software.
"Shellshock" is a vulnerability in Bash, a piece of software packaged with Mac OS X, which is based on the Unix operating system.
#apple #bash #mac users #shellshock
Security experts disclosed the "Shellshock" vulnerability in Bash on Wednesday, saying that it could enable attackers to gain remote control of vulnerable systems.
Apple ships its computers so they are "safe by default," Evans said, which means that they are not vulnerable to remote attacks unless users configure them for "advanced" Unix services.
"We are working to quickly provide a software update for our advanced UNIX users," he said.
The computer industry is rushing to determine which systems can be remotely compromised by hackers, but there are currently no estimates on the number of vulnerable systems.
6

Police: Fired worker beheaded Oklahoma womanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

AIADMK supporters turn violent in TNAIADMK supporters turn violent in TN
Our Bureau
AIADMK party cadres burnt effigy of Subramanian Swamy near his residence in Santhome, following judgement against Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa, in disproportionate assets case in Bangalore on Saturday. Photo: R. Ravindran.
Chennai, Sept 27:  
AIADMK supporters went on a rampage, indulging in stone pelting across the city.
Earlier in the morning, members gathered at the party office at Royapettah in large numbers. By 11-11-30 a.m, anticipating a favourable verdict they burst crackers and started distributing sweets.
But, minutes after the news spread about the conviction of the Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa, the crowd started thinning. Some of them resorted to violence and started pelting stones. An angry mob moved towards AIADMK's arch rival DMK's chief K. Karunanidhi's house situated at Gopalapuram and pelted stones on the party supporters, who had gathered there.
Shops across the city downed shutters as the news spread. Anticipating further violence, many commercial establishments closed the day early and asked their employees to leave the premises. T. Nagar, the shopping Mecca of the city, looked almost deserted as the day progressed.
Police personnel were posted in large numbers across the city to control the mob and maintain law and order in the city. Barricades were built on main roads and at major junctions to check vehicles.
According to sources, violence broke out in other parts of the State including Madurai, Tiruchi, Tirunelveli, Salem and Coimbatore too.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Financial Tech Signs New Technology Contract With MCXYou are here: Home Corporates
Financial Tech Signs New Technology Contract With MCX
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 27, 2014 20:58 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) on Saturday said it has signed a 10-year long-term technology contract with commodity exchange MCX, resulting in a negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal year.
Earlier this week, the board of directors of both FTIL and MCX had approved the new agreement to be signed between them.
Financial Tech in a filing to the BSE said," FTIL and MCX have executed a master amendment to principal agreements (supplementary agreement) for providing software support and managed services on mutually agreed terms and conditions until the year 2022."
"Due to this supplementary agreement and based on the current volume of MCX and assuming MCX daily volume remain same, the negative impact on the total income of the company would be around Rs 8.82 crore for the period of 2014-15," the Jignesh Shah-led company further said.
As per the new agreement, MCX will pay FTIL a fixed charge of Rs 1.5 crore per month including managed services payable in advance on semiannual basis.
FTIL will also get a variable charge of 10.3 per cent of gross transaction fees.
Sources had said that MCX has renegotiated the agreement with FTIL as the earlier contract was proving to be expensive. In 2013-14 fiscal, MCX paid about Rs 60 crore to FTIL for giving technological support and services to the exchange. The signing of the new agreement will pave the way for MCX to launch new contracts for January to March period of 2015.
On September 17, the Forward Markets Commision (FMC) had said the exchange can launch new contracts for three months January, February and March of 2015 after if it signs a fresh technology deal with FTIL.
FTIL had said that by entering into the new agreement with MCX, it has completed all the formalities to complete its sale of 15 per cent stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.
Commodity market regulator FMC had said that MCX will be allowed to roll out contracts for all 12 months of 2015 once the full divestment of FTIL in MCX takes place as per the regulatory norms.
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 20:49 (IST)

Ireland is just now getting around to introducing postal codesThe Cafe, Side of Road, Ireland.(Reuters/Cathal McNaughton)
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
September 27, 2014
Ireland is rare in the industrialized world in that it doesn’t have postal codes—at all. In the countryside, some places don’t have street names or house numbers even. But the country is moving from one of the world’s most opaque postal systems to one of the most detailed. Ireland’s upcoming postal code system will assign numbers to every home and business in the country at a cost of $32 million.
From spring 2015, 2.2 million households will have a unique seven-character number  for their address in a system to be called  Eircode . (Residents will have their new numbers sent to them by post, of course.) The government acknowledges that the system will make it easier to collect tax revenues, which has led to some grumbling about the real intentions.
And some are not happy with the modernization of the Irish postal system in any case. “They’re a necessary evil, maybe, but I think Ireland is losing its charm,” a 76-year-old lady told the Wall Street Journal. The system will be far more detailed than other countries—in the US, zip codes can encompass whole towns. The Irish government says that 35% of houses in Ireland don’t have a unique name or number, mainly in rural areas.
For now, the system remains delightfully 19th century. One former Irish government minister told the Journal that envelopes bearing just his name would make it to his home. Patrick Murphy said that when he moved to a small town in County Limerick, there were already two other Patrick Murphys there so his mail was delivered using the postal worker’s tried-and-tested system—send it to the Patrick Murphy that lived there the longest. “My neighbors would get it first,” he told the Journal. “They’d have a good read, and they’d go, ‘No it’s probably not us.’ “
Ireland is not the only country to be coping with a postal transition. Quartz earlier this month reported on Costa Rica’s attempts to get street signs on every corner, which is still ongoing despite being in the works since 2005. Districts in that country received post codes in 2007.
Share this:

US-led warplanes blast fighters attacking Kurd townus-led warplanes blast fighters attacking kurd town
Bollywood films Arnold Schwarzenegger must watchCelebrity
Bollywood Films Arnold Schwarzenegger Must Watch
So Arnold Schwarzenegger is bowled over by the first look of Shankar’s 'Ai' and why wouldn’t he be. The trailer looks stunning and can easily be the best visual effects display yet seen on Indian screens.
Fri 19 Sep, 2014 5:12 PM IST
Latest Galleries
Prev Next
But we think Arnold should also take into account a few other Hindi films that have the capacity to clog his mind (in a good way we hope). So Mr. Terminator, here’s a list for you:
But we think Arnold should also take into account a few other Hindi films that have the capacity to clog his mind (in a good way we hope). So Mr. Terminator, here’s a list for you:
Recommend

Maruti Suzuki  Mahindra  others revisit metallurgy  chemistry lessons to prune kerb weightE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India Inc  US business leaders meet in New York amid Narendra Modi visitIndia Inc, US business leaders meet in New York amid Narendra Modi visit
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 28 2014, 09:19  IST
Sep 28 2014, 09:19  IST
 

After 70-year gap  Vrindavan widow found by familyKanaklata with her family. Subham dutta
Written by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:45 am
All he had was a photograph of his “boroma” (elder aunt) and the knowledge that she had left for Vrindavan a long time ago.
So, when Samar Adhikary, in his 60s, saw in the Saturday’s edition of The Indian Express his mother’s 87-year-old sister, Kanaklata Adhikary, the memories drawn from occasionally picking up that one photograph flooded back. The story, A Vrindavan widow replies to Hema: Send me to Govinda, dwelt on the plight of Kanaklata and widows like her.
Kanaklata was 11 when she was married and widowed six years later. She left for Vrindavan soon after.
Her younger sister Anjali — Samar’s mother — passed away a month-and-a-half ago. The resemblance between the two sisters and between the photographs — one the family had treasured all these years and the other published by this newspaper — was unmistakable.
Soon after he saw the report, Samar, of Ahiritolla in north Kolkata, gathered his children, brother Subhash and rushed to Binani Bhavan where Kanaklata was staying along with 49 other widows, all of whom had arrived here for the Puja with NGO Sulabh International’s help.
While Samar knew whom he was meeting, Kanaklata could only stare and ask: (Who are you, dear?). When Samar introduced himself, Kanaklata’s eyes brightened. He called in other members of the family and slowly, the reunion — 70 years in making — began to sink in. “I cannot express the joy I felt on seeing her,’’ Samar’s brother Subhash said.

US expert hopes to see commitment from Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Listen to your heartUpdated: September 28, 2014 10:24 IST
Listen to your heart
Your heart is in your hands: Stay heart healthy. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
health
How to reclaim your heart’s health.
The main reason for a heart’s failure is not listening to it, eating unhealthily and leading an inactive or stressful lifestyle. The commonest reasons for heart disease are high cholesterol and triglycerides, high blood sugar levels or diabetes, inactive lifestyle or lack of physical exercise, excess body weight or obesity and anxiety, anger and stress. With all this pressure on it, the heart’s pumping action slowly becomes weaker. Here’s what you need to do to regain your heart health.
Regular exercise: It will help the heart stay healthy longer. Regular exercise also helps to keep arteries and other blood vessels flexible, ensuring good blood flow and normal blood pressure. Try aerobic exercises followed by strength training. This cardiovascular conditioning has a lot of benefits for the body: reduced body fat content; increased blood supply to body muscles; increased muscle mass; Reduced cholesterol and triglycerides in blood; lower resting heart rate; maximum oxygen intake in the lungs, which means increased blood supply to the heart muscle; increased glucose tolerance; reduced strain from psychological stress; reduced risk of arteriosclerosis.
Correct your diet: Make sure your food is high in fibres. Avoid items like coffee, fried foods, colas and black tea, which cause increased acidity. Avoid alcohol, which has a toxic effect on the heart. Don’t smoke and avoid second-hand smoke. Avoid red meat, spicy foods, salt, sugars or white flour.
Even patients who have suffered heart attacks and have undergone cardiac surgery need some form of exercise to lead a productive and useful life. However, in such cases, this must be under the supervision of a trained instructor and only after receiving the necessary clearances from their cardiologists. Strength training has been successfully adapted for cardiac rehabilitation patients with beneficial effects. Today, many post-surgery patients are lifting weights designed to improve overall muscle tone, improve balance, and modifications of metabolism. Body composition changes (reduced fat and increases in lean tissue), strengthening the heart muscle, and reduce blood lipids. Additional benefits include reduction in body fat and lowering of certain risk factors for subsequent cardiac problems.
Yoga asanas and pranayama have been proven to help heart patients.
Contraindications for exercise
Increase in blood pressure (during or after exercise).
Acute illness with exercise.
Orthopaedic problems (joint pain, reduced range of motion, muscle pain or tightness, previous surgery).
The writer is Director at GFFI Fitness Academy.

Four TN officials leave for Bangalore to meet JayalalithaaFour TN officials leave for Bangalore to meet Jayalalithaa
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 28:  
Four key officials attached to the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister’s Secretariat today left here for Bangalore to meet Jayalalithaa, who has been awarded a four-year jail term in a graft case.
Former Chief Secretary and currently adviser to Chief Minister Sheela Balakrishnan, Secretaries Venkataraman, Ramalingam and Sudalai Kannan left by a private airliner, according to airport sources.
The reason for the meeting was not immediately known.
A special court had yesterday convicted and sentenced Jayalalithaa to undergo four years simple imprisonment and slapped a hefty fine of Rs 100 crore in a corruption case.
Jayalalithaa, aide Sasikala Natarajan, her son V N Sudhakaran and her niece Ilavarasi were also sentenced to four years.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Sarbananda Sonowal: The man who is in control of PM s dream project  Skill IndiaBJP
("It’s not that the skill…)
Ministers at work in T-shirts — bright and colourful, no less — are a rarity, but then Sarbananda Sonowal is different from the common-or-garden mantri in other ways, too. The 51-year-old bachelor, who on most days is at his Shastri Bhawan office till 9 pm clearing files, emerged from the shadows of BJP veterans in Assam to become the party's star performer within three years of joining it.
Few were surprised when prime minister Narendra Modi handpicked Sonowal in his team of council of ministers, ignoring the aspirations of state party veterans like Bijoya Chakravarty, who had served as a minister in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee-led National Democratic Alliance government.
The surprise, however, came courtesy of what Modi had in store for Sonowal — instead of, rather predictably, anointing him as minister for development of northeastern region, a post that usually goes to someone hailing from that neck of the woods, Sonowal was given charge of the newly created ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship.
Its mandate: to coordinate with 20 ministries handling 73 skill development programmes worth about Rs 6,000 crore per year. This is in addition to Sonowal heading two other key departments — sports and youth affairs.
"Sonowal needs to coordinate with 20 different ministries to get PM Modi's dream project rolling — that is his single biggest challenge," says a labour ministry official on the condition of anonymity.
Till last year, the ministry of agriculture and the ministry of labour and employment had skilled the maximum number of people, followed by the ministry of rural development, ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) and the department of higher education.
The ministry of agriculture, for example, skilled about 22 lakh people in 2013-14 out of a total of 76.3 lakh people skilled during that fiscal year. The ministry of labour and employment skilled 14.8 lakh people, achieving a 105% target.
"It's not that the skill development programme is new, but the ministry is new; the approach is new. Ours is the umbrella ministry to coordinate with other ministries which have been carrying out our skill development schemes," says Sonowal. The minister adds that funds for this ministry are hardly a concern, as skilling is a pet project of Modi (see Money is not a Constraint...).
But the question that arises is whether the government will continue to fund individual ministries for skill development as it did earlier. Or, will Sonowal's ministry finally get a mandate of handling all skill development work across sectors, thereby trimming work assigned to other ministries?
  The officers in the labour and MSME ministries whom ET Magazine interacted with say handing over all skill development work to one single ministry is unlikely to materialize in the near future. But Sonowal is confident that all skill development work currently being undertaken by various ministries will converge into his ministry in a phased manner.
For now, Sonowal's ministry is mandated to "evolve an appropriate skill development framework, removal of disconnect between the demand and supply of skilled manpower through vocational and technical training, skill upgradation, building of new skills, innovative thinking...mapping of existing skill and their certification", according to Cabinet secretariat notification.
Also, three key agencies — National Skill Development Corporation, National Skill Development Agency and National Skill Development Trust — which used to be attached to the department of economic affairs under the ministry of finance are now under the administrative control of Sonowal's ministry.
JP Rai, director general of National Skill Development Agency, claims that there will no longer be "training for the sake of training". "There will now be more focus on outcome. Also, there will be more engagement with small and medium enterprises which account for about 90% of the total workforce in the non-farm sector," adds Rai, articulating what's new under the ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship. Sonowal says the earlier government's target of training 500 million people by 2022 will be upped.
But he is not eying a bigger number alone. Sunil Arora, his newly appointed secretary and Rajasthan cadre IAS, and his team have been designing a skill development blueprint that is expected to be rolled out by March next year. "Skill India has to be a uniform exercise. There has to be uniformity in this journey... On skill development, we will be answerable to the countrymen [and not other ministries]. Some ministries may continue a section of skill development work, but we will be answerable," says Sonowal. He clearly has the talent, now he needs to show the skills.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why it s wise for China s President Xi Jinping to hold his tongue about regional warWhy it's wise for China's President Xi Jinping to hold his tongue about regional war
28 Sep, 2014, 11.25AM IST
0
Share More
China's annual defence budget is nearly three times that of India's. But India's strength is its geeks, who can take on China's cyber army.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By: Humphrey Hawksley
China's president Xi Jinping is leader of the world's most populous country and the second biggest economy. He presides over the building of roads, railways, airports and infrastructure at an astonishing rate. He and his colleagues are the architects of a system that has pulled hundreds of millions out of poverty, structured robust institutions and created world-class transnational corporations.
Earlier this month, Alibaba , the Chinese online retailer, made a record $25 billion launch on the New York stock market. The rags-to-riches story of its founder resonates with the dreams, ideas, success and money of modern China whose economic achievements have been the envy of India, indeed of much of the developing world. Yet for all of that Xi appears to have an itch on his face. Time and again he makes public statements instructing his military to prepare for war.
He did this in April and December last year. Then earlier this week he did it again, telling his generals to "improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology." The latest emphasis is on the region and technology and the question raised is what does it mean for India.
First, technology. For more than a decade a once top secret agency within the People's Liberation Army (PLA), known as the Advanced Persistent Threat Unit 61398, has been honing its hacking skills. Among its targets is the Indian government. Intelligence officials believe the core Chinese teams operate from a drab, 12-storey building in Pudong, an industrial suburb of Shanghai.
Tech Wars
The next major war, whether regional or global, will be fought as much with electronic weapons that jam systems and crash stock markets as with missile strikes and boots on the ground. China is beefing up this part of its military. India must do the same. With home-grown hi-tech skills that stretch from California to Bangalore to the Defence Intelligence Agency, Indian tech geeks are more than capable of taking on China, but they do need the budget.
Second, the region. After years of ham-fisted diplomacy, China finds itself bereft of strategic allies and its record in choosing them has been dreadful. Cambodia's Khmer Rouge, Myanmar's military junta and North Korea's dynastic dictatorship have hardly been partnerships of strength and reliability. Its key ally, Pakistan, is pitifully unstable.
So, China finds itself more strategically isolated in Asia than it was a generation ago while the world's two biggest democracies, India and the US, have forged a flawed but active alliance which arose from one of America's post 9/11 foreign initiatives. It is not difficult, therefore, to guess the war-gaming taking place in Chinese military academies.
Potential enemies include Japan because of history and the disputed East China Sea islands; South Korea over a possible mishandled collapse of North Korea; the Philippines or Vietnam over Beijing making a push too far into the South China Sea; America in any flashpoint in the Asia-Pacific; and of course India where Chinese and Indian troops continue to face each other on the disputed Chumar area of Ladakh.
Page 1 of 2

http://usat.ly/YtQEzJFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Puppy goes viral in Bud's anti-drunk driving ad
This puppy's got legs. The puppy is "Cooper," the star of a new Anheuser-Busch responsible-drinking commercial that's gone seriously viral since being posted less than a week ago.
Post to Facebook
Puppy goes viral in Bud's anti-drunk driving ad This puppy's got legs. The puppy is "Cooper," the star of a new Anheuser-Busch responsible-drinking commercial that's gone seriously viral since being posted less than a week ago. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sr3AnI
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
52
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Puppy goes viral in Bud's anti-drunk driving ad
Budweiser plays up "Aww" factor in new responsible drinking ad featuring a lonely pup.
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 5:20 p.m. EDT September 25, 2014
A screenshot from Budweiser's "Friends are Waiting" video advertisement.
(Photo: Anheuser-Busch)
22284 CONNECT 362 TWEET 203 LINKEDIN 52 COMMENTEMAILMORE
This puppy's got legs.
The dog, "Cooper," is the star of a new Anheuser-Busch responsible-drinking commercial that's gone viral with more than 13 million views since being posted less than a week ago.
But "Cooper" isn't one dog.  He's several, explains Tom Kraus, director, Budweiser. "In order to get our dogs to perform without tiring, we had a backup for the puppy and adult ages to cover for each other. In total, we worked with two 9-week-old puppies, Molly and Maverick; one adolescent 7-month-old, Dozer; and two adult 7-year-old Labs, Smith and Jones. All played their roles extremely well."
Dogs -- perhaps even more than Clydesdales -- have become the beer maker's "gotcha" ad vehicle. It was Budweiser's soft-hearted puppy in love with a horse that won 2014's USA TODAY Super Bowl Ad Meter competition.
But this latest puppy's attachment isn't to a four-legged critter but to its two-legged, 20-something owner, Luke, who is late getting home from a night out partying.  The dog patiently waits -- and waits -- at the door.
All through the night.
The ad's message: The owner is responsible.  Instead of driving home, he apparently was coaxed by his buddies into sleeping it off. So he arrives home safe the next morning, to his dog's delight.
Awwwwwww.
Never mind that the viewer is still left wondering, gee, who fed that poor puppy dinner and let it out to pee overnight?
Apparently, all of that's forgiven in social media.  Many of the tweets are from folks who couldn't keep from tearing up while watching it. "Legit cried during this Budweiser commercial with the dog," tweeted Hannah Hart.
Zildjian Bartels even posted a photo of herself crying, next to her tweet, "The New Budweiser commercial got me like (crying)."
"So many tears for the new Budweiser commercial," tweeted Christina@Chomo90, who also posted a tear-soaked photo of herself.
The ad squarely targets the 21- to 27-year-old Millennial whose single mission in life is to share content with friends on social media.
The purpose of the ad: "From the beginning, our aim has always been to tell an emotional story in a disruptive way to remind adults that drunk driving is 100% preventable," says Kraus.
AB posted the digital-only ad last Friday as part of its "Global Be(er) Responsible" day against drunk driving.  The ad is trending under #FriendsAreWaiting.
Then, there's the dude who plays Cooper's owner. He's Nile Sarkisian, a 25-year-old actor and model who lives in Los Angeles. "We picked him not only for his talent, but also his genuine likability -- and his fondness of dogs certainly helped," says Kraus.
During one day of filming, says Kraus, "our actor probably endured more licks than most pet owners do in a lifetime."
Even hardened brand consultants begrudgingly admit they like it.
Sure, A-B is milking the success of its 2014 Super Bowl spot by using a dog to tug at the heartstrings, says Steven Addis, CEO of the Addis agency in Berkeley, Calif.  But A-B takes this "drive responsibly" ad well beyond that.  "There's also an appeal for Millennials, in that the guy could be free enough to stay out all night," says Addis.
The dog ultimately represents a '"starter relationship," adds Addis,  to show that we all want someone to be responsible to.
Even if that someone's got dog breath.
22284 CONNECT 362 TWEET 203 LINKEDIN 52 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sr3AnI
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Hong Kong activists start bigger protest amid standoffPress Trust of India | Hong Kong | Posted: September 28, 2014 12:27 pm
Hong Kong activists kicked off a long-threatened mass civil disobedience protest Sunday to challenge Beijing over restrictions on voting reforms, escalating the battle for democracy in the former British colony after police arrested dozens of student demonstrators.
The announcement by civil leaders came after a big crowd of tens of thousands turned out around midnight Saturday to support the student protesters who stormed into a courtyard of the government complex and scuffled with police wielding pepper spray. Police arrested at least 74 people, including some in their teens.
The night passed peacefully as more than 1,000 exhausted and weary protesters – most of them students – remained on the streets outside government headquarters and erected makeshift barricades with open umbrellas to slow any advance by police. They slept wearing face masks and protective gear of Saran-wrapped arms, cheap plastic raincoats and goggles, as tired-looking riot police looked on.
Some students hurried to join them Sunday morning, saying they didn’t want to leave their friends in case of a police crackdown, but the crowd later dwindled to a few hundred. Many students were not happy that their protest was taken over by Occupy Central with Love and Peace, a broader movement fighting for democratic reform.
The Occupy Central movement had originally planned to paralyze the Asian financial hub’s central business district on Wednesday, but organizers moved up the start of their protest and changed the location in an apparent bid to harness momentum from the student rally outside the government complex in the southern Chinese city.
“I think it’s quite ridiculous for them to do such a thing … but I decided to stay because they have the same aim for democracy,” said university student Li Xi-lang Harold, 19. Democracy supporters are demanding that China’s Communist leaders allow fully democratic elections in 2017.
China, which took control of the former British colony in 1997, has promised that Hong Kong’s top leader can be chosen through universal suffrage. But tensions over Hong Kong’s political future boiled over after China’s legislature last month ruled out letting the public nominate candidates, instead insisting they be screened by a committee of Beijing loyalists similar to the one that currently picks the city’s leader.
Hong Kong’s young people have been among the most vocal supporters of full democracy in recent years, fueled by anger over widening inequality. They also fear that Beijing’s tightening grip is eroding the city’s rule of law and guaranteed civil liberties unseen on the mainland such as freedom of speech.
Organizers of Occupy Central said they want Beijing to abandon its decision and the Hong Kong government to resume political reform consultations. “The continued…

RBI may not cut interest rates as inflation ...Reserve Bank of India may not cut interest rates as inflation levels still high
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 03.02PM IST
Tags:
Bank of Baroda
("It (SLR cut) could probably…)
MUMBAI: With retail inflation continuing to remain at elevated level, the Reserve Bank is unlikely to cut interest rates in its upcoming monetary policy review this week.
The RBI will unveil its fourth bi-monthly policy on September 30.
Although consumer price index (CPI), which the central bank is monitoring closely, has shown a declining trend in the past few months, the levels are still out of its comfort zone.
RBI has set a glide path for CPI inflation at 8 per cent by January 15 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
Retail inflation or CPI eased to 7.8 per cent in August from 8.59 per cent in April.
Wholesale price index (WPI) inflation has also eased, although more sharply, to 3.74 per cent in August from 5.55 per cent at the start of the current fiscal.
Banking experts however still believe that it may not be time for rate cut yet.
State Bank of India chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said: "RBI is likely keep interest rate unchanged."
Echoing the similar view, Bank of Baroda Executive Director Rajan Dhawan told PTI: "I think RBI would not change interest rate in the policy review because of inflation overhang."
Credit rating agency Care Rating said RBI has less room to cut policy rates on September 30 as there remains an upward threats to inflation going ahead.
"Given the economic parameters of improving growth of 5.7 per cent (Q1 FY15) GDP and elevated retail inflation on the back of potential threats to inflation going ahead, we do not foresee any room for a rate cut in the upcoming policy announcement," Care said in a report.
In a hint to the market that the cut in interest rates is still far away, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had recently said there was a need to 'break the back' of inflation which remains high.
"The real problem is inflation that is persistent. We have been emphasising again and again in order to 'break the back' of inflation, we got to break this persistence," Rajan had said at an event.
Rajan had said that RBI will be in a much more comfortable position once inflation is contained.
"I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when feasible. It will be feasible when we would have won the fight against inflation," he had said at a banking event earlier this month.
Canara Bank chairman and managing director R K Dubey said RBI will lower the rates only if inflation comes down consistently for a few months.
"So, I expect some change in rates only by January," Dubey said.
Market participants, however, will closely watch the tone of the monetary policy.
In the last monetary policy review in August, RBI, for the third consecutive time, left the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent.
It, however, lowered the Statutory Liquidity Ratio, the portion of deposits that banks are required to keep in government bonds, by 0.5 per cent to 22 per cent from 22.5 per cent to unlock about Rs 40,000 crore into the system.
According to Care Rating, RBI may not cut SLR on September 30 but even if it slashes SLR it won't come as a surprise.
"It (SLR cut) could probably be a part of the long term goal of lowering the SLR rather than a short term measure," Care Rating said.
Indian Banks Association chief executive M V Tanksale said there was no need for a SLR cut now as credit pick up is slow and also there was no urgent need of liquidity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US hits jihadists in Syria  Qaeda threatens coalitionUS hits jihadists in Syria, Qaeda threatens coalition
PTI
Tweet
Damascus, Sept 28:  
The Al—Nusra Front, Al—Qaeda’s Syrian franchise, has threatened reprisals against nations participating in air strikes against the Islamic State group, denouncing them as “a war against Islam.”
Group spokesman Abu Firas al—Suri said in a video posted online yesterday the states involved had “committed a horrible act that is going to put them on the list of jihadist targets throughout the world.”
The warning came as the US—led coalition widened its air strikes against the IS group in Syria, as British warplanes flew their first anti—jihadist combat missions over neighbouring Iraq.
Washington has been supported in its Syria campaign by Arab allies Bahrain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
Seven targets were hit in Syria, the Pentagon said, including at the border crossing into Turkey of the besieged Kurdish town of Ain al—Arab, also known as Kobane.
Muhsin al—Fadhli, a long—standing Qaeda operative and alleged leader of Khorasan, was killed in the strikes, according to a jihadist who fought with the group.
The SITE monitoring group said a series of tweets from the jihadist, identified as a member of Al—Qaeda, expressed condolences for the deaths of Fadhli and another Khorasan leader, Abu Yusuf al—Turki.
The US—based monitoring service said the jihadist in Twitter postings dated September 27 also lamented the situation on the ground in Syria as coalition forces bombard IS forces.
The United States and its coalition partners aim to destroy the Islamic State group, which controls a swathe of territory in Iraq and Syria, has murdered two US journalists and a British aid worker and is locked in a brutal war with Iraqi and Kurdish authorities.
The IS campaign there has already driven 160,000 refugees into Turkey.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

BSE aims 10-times faster trades; eyes most advanced bourse slotBSE aims 10-times faster trades; eyes most advanced bourse slot
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 28:  
Having begun with a humble background of functioning under banyan trees, India’s leading bourse BSE is now eyeing a slot among the world’s most technologically advanced exchanges and is targeting ten-times faster trades on its platform within three years.
Already, the exchange has made significant changes in its technology and has attained a response time of 200 micro-seconds for trades executed on its platform, BSE CEO Ashish Chauhan said.
The aim is to bring the response time further down to 20 micro-seconds within the next three years, Chauhan told PTI in an interview here.
Chauhan is here to participate in a number of business meetings planned in the wake of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s five-day visit to the US from September 26-30.
“Today 200 micro-seconds of response time puts us in top 5-10 per cent of the exchanges of the world in terms of the ability to give he response time. It is not only about the speed but also about scalability that is the ability to take order, he said.
“Today we are able to handle 500,000 orders in a second at the response time of 200 micro seconds. If you are able to take large orders, your response time should not suffer,” he said, while adding that proper safeguards are also in place to guard against any risks attached with high-speed trading.
Chauhan said: “We have also implemented a framework that ensures that this is lowest cost, but highest in terms of technology. We have used open source software. We have utilised the technology prowess of India to ensure that we are able to get more from the same hardware.
“We also implemented in April 2014 the new technology we had acquired from Deutsche Boerse and in 5-6 months that it has been in practice our number of orders per day has gone up already three times. Earlier it was 12-15 crore orders on best of the days, and today we are recording 40-45 crore orders a day on a regular basis.”
BSE has come a long way in the last 6 months, but it still has a long way to go, he added.
“We must strive, like our regulators, to be at the forefront. At the same time, the potential risks are taken care of. We have put in a system to calculate the value at risk for all our investors on a real time basis, Chauhan said.
“There are more than 2.6 crore investors registered on BSE and anytime they trade our computers calculate the portfolio and the value at risk on a one-day basis, that is how much money they can potentially lose, and that is converted into margin call and only if there is enough margin, the investor and the broker would be allowed to do that trade,” he added.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Justice Dattu sworn in as Chief Justice of IndiaJustice Dattu sworn in as Chief Justice of India
PTI
THE HINDU Supreme Court Chief Justice H.L.Dattu, after taking oath at Rashtrapati Bhavan on Sunday. --- R.V. Moorthy
New Delhi, Sept 28:  
Justice Handyala Lakshminarayanaswamy Dattu was today sworn in as the 42nd Chief Justice of India by President Pranab Mukherjee.
63-year-old Justice Dattu took the oath in the name of God at a brief ceremony held at the chandeliered Durbar Hall of the Rashtrapati Bhawan.
Vice-President Hamid Ansari, Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman P J Kurien, Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Ravi Shankar Prasad, M Venkaiah Naidu, Ananth Kumar and BJP veteran L K Advani were among those present at the ceremony.
Congress leaders Abhishek Manu Singhvi and Rajeev Shulka were the only prominent Opposition leaders who attended the programme.
Justice R M Lodha, who retired yesterday as the CJI, senior judges of the Supreme Court, the High Court, retired judges and members of the Bar were also present.
Justice Dattu has been heading the bench monitoring investigations into the 2G spectrum scam.
He will have a tenure of 14 months and will retire on December 2, 2015.
“I will request for the blessing of all citizens of this country to give me courage and confidence to take this institution of mine to the highest stride,” he had said earlier this month when the file relating to his appointment reached the Prime Minister’s Office.
“Mine is the best institution in the world,” he had said.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Modi pitches for UN reforms before Ban Ki-moonModi pitches for UN reforms before Ban Ki-moon
PTI
Tweet
United Nations, Sept 28:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a strong pitch before UN chief Ban Ki-moon for much- needed reforms in the world body, especially in its Security Council, before the UN celebrates its 70th anniversary next year.
Modi met Ban ahead of his maiden address to the UN General Assembly and the two leaders discussed regional issues as well as climate change.
External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters that the two leaders yesterday discussed issues like imminent reforms in the UN and the need to involve countries contributing peace troops in the decision making process of the multilateral institution.
Modi made a strong pitch before Ban for the UN reforms before its 70th anniversary next year, Akbaruddin said.
Modi during his address to the General Assembly said the reforms of the 15-member powerful body should be carried out by 2015 to make it more “democratic and participative“.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,” Modi said told the annual session of the 193 countries strong UN General Assembly.
“Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st. It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it,” he said.
As the UN observes its 70th anniversary next year, of which India was a founding member, it is appropriate that the much needed reforms of the UN Security Council is carried out by 2015, Modi said.
Ban expressed gratitude to Modi for India’s “significant contribution” to peacekeeping operations and voiced admiration for his focus on improving the socio-economic well-being of the country’s people.
“The Secretary-General expressed his admiration for the Prime Minister’s focus on improving the socio-economic well-being of all Indian people. They discussed climate change and the need to address this challenge,” Ban’s spokesperson said in a statement.
“The Secretary-General thanked India for its significant contribution to United Nations peacekeeping operations. They also discussed regional issues,” the statement said.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Right time to go for stock picking: IDFC MFbull market
("The opportunities for…)
In an interview with ET Now, Kenneth Andrade, CIO, IDFC Mutual Fund, shares his views on the market as well as various sectors and stocks. Excerpts:
Nikunj Dalmia: What is your take on the market, which is 30 per cent up this year? It has been an extraordinary year.
Kenneth Andrade: It has been a great market so far. Purely on the back of incremental liquidity, we are seeing asset markets worldwide doing extremely well. India has been the exception. Also, added to this is the fact that we have had a very positive election outcome and hopefully things will fall into place for the country over the next couple of years.
Nikunj Dalmia: What is your take on valuations? Optically it appears that things are on our side, the macros on our side, oil has fallen down, flows also have been quite supportive, but like they say on Wall Street , good news and good price rarely come together. Right now, news is good, but our prices are also good.
Kenneth Andrade: Our business is very simple. We buy and we sell high after we define where the high is. This year, like you said, the market is up by 30 per cent. Some part of the market overshoots at both extremes. Last year there were no takers and this year there are all takers. I am just putting a caveat out there, saying that we are probably on a way to recovery as an economy. You saw the lows and depths of the market last year. Currently you have seen valuations and prices peak up, and we will also want some part of earnings to actually come back. But it is going to be some time before you can see it across the spectrum of companies, the way the markets have effectively been rallying. So yes , the margin of safety is extremely low at this point in time, and there is a lot of execution risk. You might just get into a couple of portals going into the next couple of quarters.
Nikunj Dalmia: Do you think we should not feel happy or excited about the current market environment because whereas we are standing tall, the truth is that other global markets are also sitting at a record high?
Kenneth Andrade: The Indian markets are up because earnings are expected to catch up. We are, in fact, expecting the earnings to catch up over the next couple of years. The second moot point that we also have to notice is, probably this entire chase for yields, which global liquidity has provided, actually pushed earning yields or equity earning yields down to historical lows and markets would tend to look a little expensive compared to alternative investment opportunities that are available in probably the fixed income market.
So we just need to balance portfolios before we actually nose-dive into the equity markets at this point in time. Of course, the opportunities for companies out of India are extremely high. So it is a good time to go for stock picking and there is a lot of beta in the market. It helps create the first round of wealth or income in the entire system. We will have to make sure that you preserve it into the next couple of years if the environment remains as robust as it is currently.
Nikunj Dalmia: Many experts are of the view that for the Indian markets, a secular structural and inevitable bull market has started. Are you as optimistic as the aam janta?
Kenneth Andrade: Our entire philosophy is not to look at the numerator. When I say numerator, there are two elements to valuations. One is price and the second is earnings, which we call the PE multiple. Everyone is trying to predict a numerator, which is the price. But the denominator is something which is more predictable. So, I would not want to get into trying to predict where the price is heading and whether the markets are structural bull markets or not.
Nikunj Dalmia: You had a very diversified approach in the past. You have run a very concentrated portfolio. It was centred around consumers, it was centred around the consumption theme. So for the moment, when the Indian economy is on a mend, you should be running a concentrated portfolio. Why are you running a diversified portfolio?
Kenneth Andrade: We are not that diversified in the sense. 35 companies still account for 80 per cent of all the money invested in our portfolios or every individual portfolio that we run. So we are fairly concentrated by that norm. We do not have an overwhelming bias on any particular part of the economy. That comes from the fact that as we continue to go forward, you will have a number of emerging opportunities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now Streaming: Trending videos of the weekWritten by Aleesha Matharu | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:57 pm
Kirsten Dunst selfie
In a video called Aspirational, Kirsten Dunst and director Mathew Frost “pull focus to this weird cultural trend that has replaced those archaic pen-to-paper autographs”. It shows what taking a photo (selfie here) with a celebrity is like from the star’s perspective (pretty depressing and hollow). The two-and-a-half-minute clip finds Dunst accosted by two teenage girls who hop out of their car upon recognising the actress and start taking selfies with her. Here, the fans don’t care about respecting Dunst’s privacy, they just want their own stock to rise. One of the girls breathlessly says, “We’re going to get so many random followers that we don’t even know!” The video has been watched nearly half a million times.
Tiny Detective
In a funny take on the serious, brooding HBO show True Detective, YouTube channel Funny or Die replaces Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson with actresses Ellen Page and Kate Mara. In the parody, Page and Mara prove to be every bit as tough and grizzled as the two guys. But they face challenges as Rust Cohle and Marty Hart never had to because they’re so darn short. Mara and Page stand at 5’2” and 5’1” respectively, so they have problems with reaching shelves, seeing evidence and punching someone across the table. The ‘short’ was timed with the announcement that Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn will be the leads in season two of HBO’s show. The video has, so far, been viewed a million times.
Tiny Detectives with Kate Mara and Ellen Page from Kate Mara
KLM lost & found service
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines came up with a new commercial this week where they announce that they’ve added a new member to their lost-and-found team. An adorable beagle named Sherlock, who’s been trained to return forgotten items, bounds up to passengers flying into Amsterdam Airport Schiphol with their lost phones and stuff toys. One employee calls the dog a “real asset to the company” and says she loves to spoil him. Social media loved it, but it was too good to be true. Though the video made the implausible service feel real, it was actually a marketing stunt and the dog doesn’t actually work for the Dutch airline. The video has been watched over 6 million times on various platforms.

More than 30 believed dead in Japanese volcano eruptionAt least 31 feared dead after Japan volcano spews ash and rock
AP
print
Finally reaching the ash-covered summit of a still-erupting volcano in central Japan, rescue workers made a grim discovery Sunday: 31 apparently dead people, some reportedly buried in knee-deep ash.
Four victims were brought down and confirmed dead, one day after Mount Ontake's big initial eruption, said Takehiko Furukoshi, a Nagano prefecture crisis-management official.
The 27 others were listed as having heart and lung failure, the customary way for Japanese authorities to describe a body until police doctors can examine it.
Officials provided no details on how they may have died.
It was the first fatal eruption in modern times at 3,067-meter (10,062-foot) Mount Ontake, a popular climbing destination about 210 kilometers (130 miles) west of Tokyo on the main Japanese island of Honshu. A similar eruption occurred in 1979, but no one died.
Volcanic smoke rises from Mount Ontake, which straddles Nagano and Gifu prefectures, central Japan. (Reuters)
 
Rescue helicopters hovered over ash-covered mountain lodges and vast landscapes that looked a ghostly gray, like the surface of the moon, devoid of nearly all color but the bright orange of rescue workers' jumpsuits.
Japanese media reported that some of the bodies were found in a lodge near the summit and that others were buried in ash up to 50 centimeters (20 inches) deep. Police said only two of the four confirmed dead had been identified. Both were men, ages 23 and 45.
Mount Ontake erupted shortly before noon at perhaps the worst possible time, with at least 250 people taking advantage of a beautiful fall Saturday to go for a hike. The blast spewed large white plumes of gas and ash high into the sky, blotted out the midday sun and blanketed the surrounding area in ash.
Hundreds were initially trapped on the slopes, though most made their way down by Saturday night.
About 40 people who were stranded overnight came down on Sunday. Many were injured, and some had to be rescued by helicopters or carried down on stretchers. By nightfall, all the injured had been brought down, officials said.
Japan's Fire and Disaster Management Agency tallied 37 injured people and said it was trying to update the number still missing.
Furukoshi said rescuers gave priority to helping the survivors come down, leaving behind those who were obviously without hope.
This aerial picture shows rescue workers and Self Defence Force soldiers searching for missing climbers and survivors among ash covered mountain cottages on the top of Mount Ontake at Nagano prefecture. (AFP photo)
Survivors told Japanese media that they were pelted by rocks. One woman said she covered her head with a knapsack, and later found a thermos inside had been flattened.
A man said he and others went into the basement of a lodge, fearing that the rocks would penetrate the roof. He covered himself with a futon, a thin Japanese mattress, for protection.
"Even small eruptions can cause major damage if people are around, as they get hit by rocks that come flying," Nagoya University volcanologist Koshun Yamaoka said at a news conference Sunday. "And the problem is that catching signs of such small eruptions is difficult."
Volcanoes can also kill by spewing toxic gases and lung-choking ash.
Military helicopters plucked seven people off the mountainside earlier Sunday in three helicopter trips, said Defense Ministry official Toshihiko Muraki. All were conscious and could walk, he said.
An injured climber, center, is helped by a firefighter, left, after descending Mount Ontake in Gero, Gifu prefecture, central Japan. (AP photo)
 
Japanese television footage showed a soldier descending from a large camouflage-colored helicopter and helping latch on to a man. Then the two of them were pulled up.
At least one woman was carried down on a stretcher, and a man with a broken arm walked down.
The Self-Defense Force, as Japan's military is called, sent seven helicopters and 250 troops. Police and fire departments also joined the rescue effort.
A large white-and-gray plume continued to rise from Mount Ontake, visible from the nearby village of Otaki.
Shinichi Shimohara, who works at a shrine at the foot of the mountain, said he was on his way up Saturday morning when he heard a loud noise that sounded like strong winds followed by "thunder" as the volcano erupted.
"For a while I heard thunder pounding a number of times," he said. "Soon after, some climbers started descending. They were all covered with ash, completely white. I thought to myself: This must be really serious."

Narendra Modi’s visit to mark new era in Indo-US relations: Frank IslamPrint
Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:44 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 4:15 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit will mark a new era in bilateral relations between the two nations especially on the economic front , said Frank Islam, Member of Industry Trade Advisory Committee in the Obama Administration.
“I strongly believe PM Modi’s visit will kick-start a new era in the relations, especially on the economic front. I definitely think Modi’s visit will strengthen the bilateral relations ,” Frank, who also serve on the Board of Trustees of the Kennedy Center, told PTI through email.
Born in Azamgarh district of Uttar Pradesh and raised in Aligarh, Frank said the past couple of years have not been “very smooth”.
“The US, especially American businesses, have been dismayed by the pace and direction of the economic reform in India in the past two to three years. Many in Washington feel that, on the reforms front, India has regressed, especially in the last year of the Manmohan Singh government,” he said.
“There is also a feeling that US companies got nothing from India despite America offering the historic nuclear deal. The Devyani Khobragade issue was another sad chapter in the US-India relations in the past couple of years. Everyone agrees that the issue was not handled properly,” he added.
Frank said that since Modi has come to power things have changed for better.
“Modi has been known as a pro-business leader. He has a long track record of that in Gujarat. Even though on the economy, he hasn’t announced any radical measures so far, many here think his heart is in the right place,” he said.
On the future of Indo-US relationship, he said, “In the past two decades, relations have been driven mostly by the business communities in both countries. They will continue to – only thing is they need support from the leaderships in both countries.”
Frank said that in his opinion both the sides should focus on solving their differences on economic issues.
“India should intellectually and emotionally embrace economic reforms, rather than doing it reluctantly, as it has been doing it so far. It should address the lack of infrastructure and difficulties in acquiring land for infrastructure,” he said on the issues which need more focus during the PM’s visit.
He added there was a lot of scope for cooperation in different fields like national security, education, healthcare, agriculture and energy.
“The two countries are already cooperating on all these issues. But more can and should be done,” he said. Frank, who owns FI Investment Group in US, said he commend Modi for his remarks about Muslims in India.
“In an interview Modi had said that Indian Muslims will live and die for India. I agree with him and I commend him because he firmly believes there should be no division based on caste,” he said.
“I would like Modi to give Indian Muslim youth continued…

DMDK leader calls on govt over law & order situation in Tamil NaduDMDK founder Vijayakant met the Governor Rosaiah and presented a memorandum to him in this regard. (Source: PTI photo)
PTI | Chennai | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:22 pm
DMDK, the main opposition party in Tamil Nadu Assembly, Sunday expressed concern over ‘deterioration’ of law and order in the state following Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa’s conviction in an illegal assets case and urged Governor K Rosaiah to ‘restore the rule of law.’
DMDK founder and Leader of the Opposition in the Assembly Vijayakant met the Governor and presented a memorandum to him in this regard.
In the memorandum, Vijayakant, an ally of NDA, expressed concern over the law and order situation and referred to “visible reports” of AIADMK supporters “indulging in violence,” targeting opposition leaders and their residences besides damaging public property.
Stating that there was a ‘lurking fear’ in the minds of people, he said, “We request your Excellency to instill confidence in the hearts of the people and restore the rule of law. We are sure that you will intervene and ensure the peaceful atmosphere in Tamil Nadu immediately,” he said.
Later he told reporters that he sought protection for leaders of opposition parties.
On Saturday, AIADMK workers indulged in stone-pelting and torched buses at several places in the state following the conviction of Jayalalithaa in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case by a Bangalore special court.

4 boys in China drown while searching for eggsPress Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:18 pm
Four boys drowned off the coast of southern China this weekend while searching for duck eggs in a bay, officials said.
The city of Beihai in the southern province of Guangxi said in a statement online that the four boys — three of them aged 12 and one of them 11 — were searching in a city bay Saturday afternoon when they drowned.
They were part of a group of eight boys that went egg hunting. Two of them drowned and two went missing, prompting a search. Later, authorities found two additional bodies.
Local authorities said they were consoling parents of the boys.

While ECB struggles  Fed sees economic recoveryWhile ECB struggles, Federal Reserve sees economic recovery
By Reuters | 28 Sep, 2014, 02.42PM IST
 On one side of the Atlantic they're trying to refill the punchbowl. On the other they're getting ready to take it away.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: On one side of the Atlantic they're trying to refill the punchbowl. On the other they're getting ready to take it away. This week, investors may get a clearer idea why.
The European Central Bank will spell out on Thursday its latest attempt to steer the euro zone away from the prospect of damaging deflation, following the latest snapshot of consumer price pressures on Tuesday.
US jobs numbers on Friday will probably confirm that the fast-recovering American economy has reached the point where the Federal Reserve can finally halt its massive bond-buying stimulus.
The contrast between the US and euro zone economies has grown increasingly stark, adding to the pressure on the ECB and European leaders to revive growth in their corner of the world.
US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew last week laid bare Washington's long-standing frustrations with the reluctance of European governments to increase public spending.
The risk of the euro zone sliding into deflation and deeper stagnation is adding to the drag on the global economy from a slowdown in China, where authorities are trying to rein in lending, and concerns about conflict in the Middle East.
But instead of fiscal action by European governments, it is action by the ECB that is the most likely spur for the region.
After surprising markets with an interest rate cut at its September meeting and trying to get banks to take cheap loans to boost lending, the ECB on Thursday is due to give details of its plan to unblock corporate credit by buying repackaged loans.
Marchel Alexandrovich, an economist with Jefferies in London, said investors wanted an idea of the size of the programme to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds. This would help them gauge when the ECB might start buying government bonds, a much more powerful - and controversial - form of stimulus.
Economists have widely ranging guesses as to the size of the programme, and Alexandrovich said that the bigger it proved to be, the longer the ECB was likely to hold off from buying government bonds.
Reuters reported this month that initial plans for the ABS and covered bond programme foresaw up to 500 billion euros ($640 billion) in purchases.
ECB President Mario Draghi has said the bank wants to push its balance sheet back up to the levels of early 2012, or about 3 trillion euros, compared with 2 trillion euros now.
Tuesday's consumer price data is likely to underscore how close the euro zone is to succumbing to deflation. Inflation in the 18 countries sharing the currency is expected to fall to 0.3 percent in September, its lowest level in nearly five years.
Economists at Nomura saw "a clear sign that euro area policy makers are losing their grip on inflation expectations".
WAGE CONUNDRUM
In the United States, the challenge for policymakers looks very different with attention focused on when interest rates will start to rise after nearly six years at near zero.
The US economy looks to be on course for growth of about 2 or 2.5 per cent this year, and the Federal Reserve intends to halt its bond-buying programme in October.
Data due on Friday is expected to show employers hired 219,000 people in September, a bounce-back from a surprise slip in August to 142,000.
"The message from the Fed is 'watch the data' which is why the numbers next week will be very closely watched, maybe much more so than in recent months," said Gennadiy Goldberg, US strategist with TD Securities.
As well as the jobs data, figures on consumer spending, manufacturing and trade are likely to show the US recovery firmly on track.
Page 1 of 2

PROJECT MANAGEMENT NATIONAL CONFERENCE16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

Hiring activity sees 18% growth in August: ReportPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 22, 2014 4:55 pm
Hiring in India grew 18 per cent during August, led by sectors like telecom and IT/BPO and this momentum is expected to continue in the coming months, says a report. The Naukri Job Speak Index for the month of August 2014 was at 1,478 indicating an 18 per cent growth in hiring when compared to August 2013.
“Hiring activity has seen a growth in the past six months with the Naukri Job Speak Index showing consistent levels of growth especially in sectors like IT and BPO. We expect hiring activity to sustain its momentum in the coming months,” Info Edge (India) Senior VP Marketing Corporate communications and Strategic Alliances Sumeet Singh said.
A monthly comparison however shows a decline of 10.36 per cent in hiring, compared to July.
Industry wise, hiring sentiment was “exuberant” with sectors like telecom and BPO sector witnessing an increase of 36 per cent and 26 per cent respectively in August 2014, as compared to the same month last year.
Apart from the telecom and BPO sector, IT and Banking sector and auto and pharma experienced significant year-on- year growth during August.
Meanwhile, the demand for professionals working in BPO saw the maximum growth with the index moving up by 29 per cent in August, over same month last year, followed by those employed in IT and HR sector.
Amongst metros, Delhi-NCR region saw the maximum growth in hiring in August. It was followed by Bangalore, Chennai and Kolkata which have seen an increase of 22 per cent respectively in the same time period.
Mumbai has seen the least increase in hiring in the previous month with the index moving up by 11 per cent in August, over the corresponding period last year.

Special moments from this season s celebrity dance showCelebrity
Best of 'Jhalak Dikhla Jaa 7'
With a line-up of 13 celebrities ranging from Kritika Kamra, Mouni Roy, Purab Kohli, Karan Tacker, Sophie Choudry, Pooja Banerjee to VJ Andy, professional dancer Shakti Mohan, singer Sukhwinder Singh, comedian Kiku Sharda as Palak, and cricketer S. Sreesanth, the show offered some "never seen before" action on the stage.
Gruelling shooting schedules, practice sessions and dedication have borne fruit for actor Ashish Sharma, who walked away with the winner's trophy, a prize money and a brand new car, as the winner of ... more 
Gruelling shooting schedules, practice sessions and dedication have borne fruit for actor Ashish Sharma, who walked away with the winner's trophy, a prize money and a brand new car, as the winner of dance reality show "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 7". less 
1 / 30

Dont withhold PF of construction workers: Delhi HC to employersPrint
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:36 am
Safeguarding social security benefits of building and construction workers — the second largest worker group in the country — the Delhi High Court has ruled that employers can not withhold PF contributions of such workers on the grounds that the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) does not have adequate facilities for such migrant employees.
The move is a major blow to the building and construction industry, which has contended for many years that provident fund deductions for the mobile and casual workers in the sector are not feasible as the government can’t keep track of them.
The Delhi High Court ruling came in the case of five separate writ petitions filed by five builders and industry bodies against the EPFO that had initiated proceedings against section 7A of the EPF Act, 1952 for computation of their dues for casual labour.
The country’s construction sector, which is estimated at over $125 billion employs more than 35 million workers of which 83 per cent are estimated to be unskilled. It is the second largest employer in the country, after the farm sector, but many companies have for long claimed that they can not contribute PF dues of these workers due to the short term, migrant and casual nature of their work.
Over Rs 26,000 crore is lying in inoperative accounts of PF members where in the subscriber has not claimed the savings and is untraceable.
While the petitioners including the Builders Association of India, Som Datt Builders, Harcharan Das Gupta Engineering and Builders and others, Skyline Engineering Contracts, Tirath Ram Ahuja Pvt Ltd had in their writ petitions argued that there were deficiencies in the EPFO’s system such as the lack of monthly passbooks and a 10-digit permanent account number that would help trace such workers when they shifted jobs.
However, dismissing the petitions, the Delhi High Court ruled, “The petitioners are not entitled to any relief. Action initiated by the respondents against the petitioners under the provisions of the Act is liable to be continued in accordance with law.”
It has also directed the EPFO to put in place “a scheme which would facilitate the withdrawal of money by a peripatetic worker from any place in the country, at the earliest, if not done till date.”

RBI panel gives roadmap for bank directors qualificationPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:19 am
A panel set up by the Reserve Bank of India has proposed that the Government and the RBI should consider laying a road map for prescribing certain specific qualification or certification while considering appointment of directors on the board of commercial banks.
It also proposed that a Banking Aptitude Test as national, online test can be conducted for entry-level recruitment in banks.
The panel said some form of training intervention and a new forum could be considered for members on the boards of banks. “These training inputs could be administered by various organisations including RBI, the banks concerned themselves, specialised training on areas like treasury management, foreign exchange etc by such institutions as NIBM, IIBF, CAFRAL etc. Banks could also consider deputing them to institutions in India and abroad for embellishing their banking skills,” the ‘Committee on Capacity Building in Banks and Non-banks’, headed by G Gopalakrishna, former executive director, Reserve Bank of India.
The panel’s proposals come against the backdrop of allegations that the directors appointed by the government on banks are from political or cultural background without any banking experience.
“To provide a forum for further exchange of information and best practices among the Board member fraternity, a formal Forum for Board Members could be instituted under the aegis of CAFRAL which could meet periodically to discuss matters of contemporary relevance,” it said.
The committee also said that a good induction process will go a long way in welcoming a newly appointed director and impressing upon him or her expectations of the bank as also the regulator. It also recommended a formal and systematic induction process and the details of specific areas in which the new inductees to the board can be sensitised.
On the Banking Aptitude Test, it said the BAT score can be designed to provide an insight into the candidate’s aptitude for banking.

NPPA stripped of powers to cap non-essential drug pricesPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:30 am
The government has withdrawn the power of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) to cap prices of non-essential drugs after the agency’s recent order drew the industry’s ire.
The Department of Pharmaceuticals, under the ministry of chemicals and fertilisers, on Friday, ordered the NPPA to withdraw a guideline under the Drug (Prices Control) Order of 2013 that gave the agency power to cap prices of non-essential drugs. NPPA complied with the order on Monday.
The decision comes after the NPPA ordered capping prices of 108 non-essential drugs between August and September 2014, in line with the powers provided in paragraph 19 of the Drug (Prices Control) Order of 2013 which relates to ‘fixation of ceiling price of a drug under certain circumstances’. The capping of these drugs had been greeted with protests and challenged in courts. The government order, however, did not mention the fate of these 108 drugs.
“In compliance with the directions received from the government … the aforesaid internal guidelines issued by the NPPA on May 29, 2014, … are hereby withdrawn with immediate effect,” the drug pricing authority said in a statement on Monday.
On May 29, NPPA issued an internal guideline where it said that the drug pricing authority will monitor inter-brand price differences of non-scheduled formulations on the basis of monthly MRP (maximum retail price) data and will begin the exercise with monitoring of inter-brand price difference of single ingredient medicines used for treatment of cancer, HIV, TB, diabetics and cardiovascular diseases, among others. “The plain reading of the order is that a guideline under DPCO 2013 has been withdrawn with immediate effect i.e. from September 22,” an NPPA official was quoted by the PTI as saying.
The government’s decision comes days before Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the US to attend a United Nations General Assembly session among other engagements. Ties between India and the United States have been strained in recent years because of trade policies and patent disputes, mainly in the pharmaceutical sector.
Reacting to the development, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA) secretary general DG Shah said: “It confirms the industry position that Para 19 is not the correct instrument for modification of DPCO 2013.”
Several industry bodies, including Indian Pharma Alliance (IPA), had criticised the NPPA’s move to cap prices of medicines not under the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM). Under the Drug (Prices Control) Order of 2013, the government already controls prices of 348 drugs in the NLEM.
Following the announcement, shares of several pharma companies rose up to 4 per cent in the early trading hours on Tuesday.
The share prices, however, dipped in line with the 431-points fall in the benchmark Sensex. Among the stocks in the BSE healthcare index, only shares of GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals and Piramal Enterprises closed in the green, gaining 1.7 per cent and 0.4 per cent, respectively. With PTI inputs

Made in China  campaign launched with  Make in IndiaUnder the new campaign China will use tax breaks to encourage enterprises to upgrade their equipment and increase R&D efforts to improve the manufacturing industry.
PTI | Beijing | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:30 pm
Coinciding with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ pitch, the Chinese government has launched a ‘Made in China’ campaign with a host of tax concessions in an effort to retain its manufacturing prowess.
China will encourage high-tech imports, research and development (R&D) to upgrade ‘Made in China’, a decision by the Chinese central government said.
Under the new campaign China will use tax breaks to encourage enterprises to upgrade their equipment and increase R&D efforts to improve the manufacturing industry.
Companies that bought new R&D equipment and facilities after January 1 or possess minor fixed assets will have taxes reduced based on value, the Cabinet, presided over by Premier Li Keqiang, has decided.
Imported high-tech equipment will also enjoy tax deductions in aviation, bio-medicine production, manufacturing of railway and ships, electronics production including computer and telecommunications, instrument production and those used in making IT products and software, state-run Xinhua news agency reported today.
The new decision coincides with the global launch of Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign today.
The Indian Embassy here, Consulates in Guangzhou, Shanghai and Hong Kong held special investment promotion events showcasing the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
China’s new move aims to prompt technical improvement of companies, especially innovation of small and medium-sized enterprises, which in the last three decades propelled it to become world’s second largest economy and made it a powerhouse of the manufacturing industry.
The cabinet asked government organs to implement the new measures as soon as possible to arm “Made in China” with advanced technology and equipment, encouraging more competitive products with high added value, the report said.
China’s manufacturing sector, a key driver of its economic growth, is regarded highly competitive in the global market.
Analysts believe the measures will not only start a new round of innovation but also spur fixed asset investment, and in the bigger picture contribute to stabilising economic growth.

RIL s Rs 1.8 lakh cr investment will fructify in 15 months: Mukesh AmbaniPrint
RIL Chairman Mukesh Ambani today said the company's over Rs 1.8 lakh crore investments will fructify in 12-15 months. (Reuters)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 3:10 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:11 pm
Reliance Group Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani today said the company’s over Rs 1.8 lakh crore investments will fructify in 12-15 months.
These investments will help in creation of 1.25 lakh jobs, he said.
“We have exports of over Rs 2,75,000 crore to over 140 countries and our investments of over Rs 1,80,000 crore are coming into fruition in the next 12-15 months. We would be creating be over 1,25,000 jobs in India in the next 12-15 months,” Ambani said at the launch of government’s “Make in India” programme.
He said in order to succeed in the ‘Make in India’ movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
“It is important to connect village clusters with the international markets and not only domestic markets by building the physical infrastructure and virtual infrastructure so that all our goods and services are connected to all markets,” Ambani said.
He also lauded the initiatives taken by the government on implementing the Goods and Services Tax, saying it will make India one market and strengthen the programme.
The US 66 billion RIL Group’s activities span exploration and production of oil and gas, petroleum refining and marketing, petrochemicals, textiles, retail, infotel and special economic zones.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today kicked off the “Make in India” programme that will focus on creating physical infrastructure as well as building a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods ranging from cars to softwares, satellites to submarines and paper to power.

India s 100 richest are all billionaires; Mukesh Ambani tops listReliance Industries Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year. (PT)
PTI | Singapore | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:33 pm
For the first time, the 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires with Mukesh Ambani topping the league for the eighth consecutive year, according to Forbes.
With a net worth of USD 23.6 billion, up USD 2.6 billion from last year, RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.
Ambani was followed by Dilip Shanghvi, who got richer this year by USD 4.1 billion. Shanghvi is the new No. 2, after he displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal (USD 15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place.
Wipro’s Azim Premji moved up one notch to the number three position as his net wealth increased to USD 16.4 billion from USD 13.8 billion previously. Pallonji Mistry, patriarch of construction giant Shapoorji Pallonji Group which is the biggest shareholder in Tata Sons with a new worth of USD 15.9 billion, was placed in the fourth place.
Forbes said that “good days are here” for the India’s 100 Richest, as the top 100 richest Indians are all billionaires with combined wealth of USD 346 billion, up more than a third from USD 259 billion in 2013.
Propelled by the euphoria after the Bharatiya Janata Party’s landslide victory in May, the stock market has gained 28 per cent since January, driving the net-worth of the uber-rich people in India.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to 11th rank in the list, adding nearly USD 4.5 billion to his wealth which reached USD 7.1 billion on soaring share prices.
“Shares of Adani’s companies started soaring ahead of the elections on hopes of a BJP victory. The gains added close to USD 4.5 billion to his wealth, more than anyone else,” Forbes said.
Others in the top 10 include NRI businessmen Hinduja Brothers who were at the sixth position with a net worth of USD 13.3 billion, followed by Shiv Nadar (7th, USD 12.5 billion), Godrej family (8th, USD 11.6 billion), Kumar Birla (9th, USD 9.2 billion) and Sunil Mittal & family (10th, USD 7.8 billion).
As many as 85 of the 89 who returned to the top 100 from last year are wealthier, and several are billionaires for the first time.
Among them are Qimat Rai Gupta (ranked 48, net worth USD 1.95 billion), Chairman of Havells; V G Siddhartha (75, USD 1.27 billion), founder of the Cafe Coffee Day chain; and brothers Harsh Goenka (82, USD 1.18 billion) and Sanjiv Goenka (69, USD 1.4 billion), who run their independent empires and are listed separately.
On Adani who was placed 11th on the list, Forbes said that he snatched the biggest bonanza from the stock market rally.
“Snatching the biggest bonanza is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who hails from Modi’s native Gujarat state and is known to be the PM’s personal friend,” Forbes said.
The rising market continued…

Sensex drops 276 pts to one month low; oil  metal stocks bleedAs many as 23 stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI, Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, ICICI Bank and ONGC. However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers.
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 5:06 pm
Markets today slumped for the third straight day with Sensex losing over 276 points to end at 1-month low on losses in metal, power and banking bluechips due to mass cancellation of coal mines and sharp drop in oil & gas shares on government deferring a hike in gas price.
Besides, caution prevailed on the last day of September derivative contracts that also influenced cash market sentiments. Turnover at BSE and NSE exchanges crossed Rs 7.2 lakh crore in late trades.
The BSE Sensex after a better opening at 26,808.66, advanced to 26,814.20, tracking positive global cues on strong US economic data.
However, selling pressure emerged in blue-chip stocks led by oil and metal stocks which forced the index to touch intra-day low of 26,349.55. The Sensex finally settled at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent. This is its weakest closing since August 26. The 30-share gauge has lost 730 points in 3 days.
As many as 23 stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI, Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, ICICI Bank and ONGC. However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers.
Metal stocks such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Hindalco, Bhushan Steel, Usha Martin, Monnet Ispat remained under pressure due to Supreme Court cancelling mines.
Jaypee group stocks Jaiprakash Associates, Jaiprakash Power and Jaypee Infratech fell 13-19 per cent after a deal to sell 3 hydro projects failed.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty plunged 90.55 points, or 1.13 per cent, to close at 7,911.85 after shuttling between 8,019.30 and 7,877.35 intra-day.
Oil and gas scrips remained weak as government decided to postpone revision in gas prices till November 15.
In a major blow to corporate sector, the Supreme Court yesterday had quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Meanwhile, FPIs sold shares worth a Rs 793.65 crore yesterday as per the provisional data.
IT stocks like Infosys and TCS were, however, upbeat after Accenture said it expects better profits this fiscal.
Sectorwise, the BSE Realty index suffered the most by plunging 3.21 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas (3.08 pc), Metal index (3 pc), Power index (2.8 pc), Banking index (2.69 pc) and Capital Goods (1.91 pc). Small-cap index shed 3.21 per cent and Mid-cap index slumped by 2.4 per cent.

SEBI chairman bats for routing EPFO money to equity marketsPrint
Ahmedabad | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:17 pm
The chairman of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), UK Sinha on Thursday batted strongly for investing 15 percent of the Rs 7 lakh crore of corpus from the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation in the equities and securities market as mandated by the Union Finance Ministry.
“Talking about reforms, especially in the context of those who have the mandate — who have the funds, but who are not letting their funds be invested in the market — the first example and the biggest example that comes to my mind is EPFO. If you look at any other country in the world, whether it is a communist or a 100 percent capitalist-oriented country, the workers’ pension money is invested in securities market,” said Sinha while speaking at an event in Gandhinagar.
“The EPFO, for example, has a size of more than Rs 7 lakh crore. Their annual accruals is more than Rs 70,000 crore. There is a rule or an enabling provision from the Ministry of Finance that up to 15 percent can be invested in the equity market — five percent directly and 10 percent through mutual funds. But that debate has been going on for decades now. Unfortunately, there has been no forward movement,” he added.
“I would strongly urge that we have to think in terms of allowing long term pension money into the market,” Sinha said adding that pushing the pension money into the market could also act as a “counter balance” to a possible exodus of foreign funds.
“Foreign Portfolio flows to the tune of $ 34 billion have come into the country as of September 15 in this calendar year. If the same trend continues, then the Foreign Portfolio Flows will hit an all-time record by the end of the year,” he said.
“Our market has become more and more dependent on Foreign Portfolio Flows. There has to be a counter balance to that in this country. All other countries have it. If that counter balance is not provided, we run the risk of exodus of money at the happening of a particular global event,” Sinha remarked.

REITs & InvITs guidelines to be announced anytime this week: SEBI chairmanPrint
Ahmedabad | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:08 pm
With an eye on attracting long term investments in the infrastructure sector, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) will be “formally annoucning” the guidelines for Real-estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs) sometime this week.
“This week SEBI is going to formally announce the guidelines for REITs and InvITs. The regulations are expected any day during this week itself,” said UK Sinha, chairman, SEBI, while delivering a keynote address at a pre-Vibrant Gujarat summit event at Gandhinagar on Thursday. These trusts are like mutual funds that raise resources from many investors which will be directly invested in realty or infrastructure projects.
“Going by the experience of Singapore, Australia and Japan, I feel that these two regulations will help us provide long term financing for growth of infrastrcture sector,” he said at the event titled, ‘Financing For Economic Growth: A policy roadmap’.
Last month the board of the Capital markets watchdog had approved regulations for REITs and will now be notifying the new norms.
“This has been planned with lot of consultants with industry and I am happy that majority of the problem of the industry with regard to pass-through has been addressed,” Sinha added. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his budget speech had announced pass-through status for the purpose of taxation to these two instruments to make them attractive to investors. The pass-through status means that the return from investments through REITs and InvITs will be taxed only in the hands of investors and the trusts will not have to pay tax on income.
“So far as REITs and InvITs are concerned, we are going to begin with a (asset) size of Rs 500 crore. We have deliberately kept the investments at a higher level for investors, because we do not want uninformed investors to come in to this. We are starting with projects that are completed and revenue generating,” Sinha added.
 

NSEL Investors Forum seek fresh appointment with Arun Jaitley to press merger with FTILNSEL Investors Forum has sent a request to the FM Arun Jaitely for a fresh appointment to press for the merger. PTI
Mumbai | Posted: September 26, 2014 9:26 pm
Apart from expressing its displeasure with Sebi over Financial Technologies’ (FTIL) stance that the Companies Act cannot be invoked to merge National Spot Exchange (NSEL) with itself as interests of NSEL investors are not “public interest”, the NSEL Investors Forum has sent a request to the Finance Minister Arun Jaitely for a fresh appointment to press for the merger.
FTIL had said in a press release dated September 16, ”The interest of the 13,000 clients of the brokers who traded on NSEL platform for higher returns cannot be termed as “public interest” when 66% of the entire outstanding amount is being claimed by just 6% of the Trading Clients (i.e. by just 781 persons).”
NSEL Investors Forum has told the market regulator that the amount outstanding of each investor is not relevant. “All investors including 94% of small investors as claimed by FTIL have in fact invested a large portion of their wealth simply because NSEL (which was controlled and masterminded by Jignesh Shah and FTIL induced them to invest promising safe fixed return arbitrage (With full knowledge of FTIL).” These small investors are virtually now on the street, the forum added. An e-mail sent to FTIL on Thursday for their responses, was not answered till the time of going to press.
The letter written to Securities and Exchange Board of India added that the NSEL issue has affected the commodity trade and economy, which is all public interest. “Commodity trade in India has fallen by nearly 60% in last year clearly showing that investors have lost interest in Commodity Exchanges, thereby affecting the commodity trade and economy in general. This is nothing but public interest. The top 6% investors also include PSUs like MMTC and PEC where direct public money and hence public interest is involved. Such investors also have a larger stake in economy which gets hurt if their sentiments are affected. There will also be a direct loss to the exchequer by 30% of Income Tax setoffs claimed (about Rs 1600 Crores) due to the scam which is passed on to the common man for the fraud perpetrated by FTIL.”
FTIL had said that if interests of NSEL investors are considered as public interest than “interests of more than 60,000 public shareholders of FTIL are equally important “public interest””, and if it was right to subject the public shareholders of FTIL to a non-existent liability of Rs 5,500 crore through a forced merger when existence of any legal liability is sub-judice. The investors forum said that as per the last annual report of FTIL, out of about 60,000 shareholders, 56,254 shareholders hold 500 or less number of shares. It is only 133 large shareholders who are holding continued…

Bullish on India  asset managers see billions of dollars flowing into IndiaThere are nearly 45 fund houses, Indian and foreign, present in the country.
PTI | New York | Posted: September 26, 2014 3:19 pm
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits US, fund managers from India and abroad expect improving sentiments and impressive returns from Indian markets to help attract billions of dollars flowing into the country’s asset management industry.
Reliance Capital Asset Management CEO Sundeep Sikka said that his meetings with various institutional investors here show that they are very bullish on India and ready to pump in funds to benefit from the country’s strong fundamentals and the superior returns being given by Indian markets.
“While it is difficult to put a number to the expected fund flows, more than USD 20 billion have already flown in this year and this trend is expected to gain further momentum to take the size of in-bound funds to much higher level,” Sikka said in an interview here.
Sikka, who was here to chair a session on Indian asset management market during the India Investment Forum organised ahead of Modi’s five day visit beginning today, said that institutional investors here are waiting to invest in India and Prime Minister’s visit was expected to give the much needed fillip in this regard.
The Indian asset management industry is estimated to be worth over Rs 10 lakh crore and is expected to double in size in the next few years. There are nearly 45 fund houses, Indian and foreign, present in the country.
During the event, organised by Institutional Investor Forums, several fund managers said that many of India’s largest asset management firms are emerging as global players, and a few are beginning to look toward Europe and North America with a keen eye on the huge pools of assets there.
They also discussed what the future of India’s internal asset management industry would look like, and what role foreign asset managers will play in the development of this vital sector.
Naganath Sundaresan, CEO of DSP BlackRock Investment Managers Ltd, said that investors need to take a long-term view on India.
“I am pretty bullish that the Indian asset management industry will grow manifold in the long-term of about 10-15 years,” he said.
Sunil Singhania, Chief Investment Officer (Equity) at Reliance Capital Asset Management, said that the potential remains immense for Indian fund houses and the flow of funds remain strong.
He said that India has always shown that it can come back very strongly after every bad phase and “we are seeing a robust growth trajectory going ahead”.
George Hoguet, Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager and Global Investment Strategist at State Street Global Advisors, said that India’s share in global economy is certainly going to increase and the institutional investors must make big strategic allocations to benefit from this market.
Hoguet said that he can see a clear emerging trend of strong growth ahead in the Indian asset management industry.
Harshendu Bindal, President of Franklin Templeton Asset Management India, said that the continued…

Naidu woos IT honchos at Nasscom meet with promise of friendly IT ecosystem in AndhraAP is poised towards creating a benchmark in IT, Electronics & Communication Technology and Innovation, says Chandrababu Naidu.
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: September 26, 2014 4:20 pm
Making a strong pitch for using e-governance and IT for the welfare of Andhra Pradesh and accelerate economic development, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu today urged the IT industry to explore the huge opportunities opening up in the state, especially in Vizag.
“AP is poised towards creating a benchmark in IT, Electronics & Communication Technology and Innovation, endowed with high quality state-of-the-art infrastructure, skilled human resources, and business-friendly policies. These plans are going to throw up a large number of opportunities in all the sectors of the economy including IT and Electronics, Healthcare, Transportation, Infrastructure, Education and Agriculture. We will ensure that the IT ecosystem remains friendly, welcoming and supportive to the excellent work that each one of you is doing. We invite you to explore the huge opportunities in the new state of Andhra Pradesh and look forward to establishing a long-term association with you,” Naidu said while talking to IT honchos gathered to discuss ‘IT/ITEs, the roadmap ahead’, organized by Nasscom here.
Taking a step forward in creating such an IT ecosystem, Technology Research and Incubation Park (TRIP) will be established in Visakhapatnam for new ideas, product development and promotion of start-ups, Naidu said. Apart from IT and IT Enabled Services, Vizag will also be home to electronics and hardware manufacturing, and will be a hub for research, incubation and entrepreneurship.
“I’m confident that cities in Andhra Pradesh, beginning with Vizag, will soon show rapid growth and become the most attractive and highly preferred IT destinations,” Naidu said.
Andhra Pradesh plans to take fibre to every village and broadband to every house, create a knowledge society, build up extremely skilled human resources and encourage manufacturing activity. Innovation, incubation and entrepreneurship will be key tools to accelerate economic development of the State, the CM said.
The AP Information Technology Police 2014-20 aims to attract investment worth Rs 12,000 crores and create five lakh jobs by 2020. The policy offers investment subsidy of 10 per cent of capital expenditure for projects which employ minimum 5,000 people. Women and SC/ST entrepreneurs would get 25 per cent investment subsidy on fixed capital.
Naidu, who recently chaired the first e-Cabinet meeting at Hyderabad, stated that e-government and e-governance are going to play a pivotal role in establishing good governance in AP.
“We have launched three key policies of IT, Electronics, Innovation & Start-Up Policy for the period of 2014-2020. I’m confident that these policies will scale Andhra Pradesh to great heights and make it the leading state in implementing the Central government’s “Digital India” initiative,” he said.

FTIL s argument misleading  NSEL s merger in public interest: Investors Forum to SebiFTIL in its release had said that the Government cannot merge National Spot Exchange with FTIL. (Reuters)
Mumbai | Posted: September 26, 2014 3:25 pm
NSEL Investors Forum has written to Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), highlighting “misrepresentations and suppression of material fact” by the Financial Technologies (FTIL) in its press release dated September 16.
FTIL in its release had said that the Government cannot merge National Spot Exchange (NSEL) with FTIL since interests of the 13,000 clients who traded on NSEL cannot be termed as “public interest” and the Government can only merge two companies under the Companies Act if it is essential in the public interest.
FTIL had said ”The interest of the 13,000 clients of the brokers who traded on NSEL platform for higher returns (hereinafter referred to as the “Trading Clients”) cannot be termed as “public interest” when 66% of the entire outstanding amount is being claimed by just 6% of the Trading Clients (i.e. by just 781 persons).”
NSEL Investors Forum argues that the amount outstanding of each investor is not relevant. All investors including 94% of small investors as claimed by FTIL have in fact invested a large portion of their wealth simply because NSEL(which was controlled and masterminded by Jignesh Shah and FTIL induced them to invest promising safe fixed return arbitrage (With full knowledge of FTIL).
These small investors are now virtually on the street. Apart from these, commodity trade in India has fallen by nearly 60% in last year clearly showing that investors have lost interest in Commodity Exchanges, thereby affecting the commodity trade and economy in general. This is nothing but public interest. The top 6% investors also include PSUs like MMTC and PEC where direct public money and hence public interest is involved. Such investors also have a larger stake in economy which gets hurt if their sentiments are affected. There will also be a direct loss to the exchequer by 30% of Income Tax setoffs claimed (About Rs 1600 Crores) due to the scam which is passed on to the common man for the fraud perpetrated by FTIL.
An e-mailed query has been sent to FTIL, which is still awaiting a response.

US lobby questions Narendra Modi s reform credentialsUS Chamber of Commerce and associations representing sectors ranging from movie making to pharma have called on Obama to press Modi to remove barriers to fair trade.
Reuters | Wahington | Posted: September 26, 2014 1:10 pm
The US business lobby on Thursday questioned the reformist credentials of new Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on the eve of his visit to the United States in which he will encourage investment and declare India open for business.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and 15 other U.S. business associations representing sectors ranging from agriculture to movie making, pharmaceuticals and telecoms, called on President Barack Obama to press Modi to remove barriers to fair trade when the two leaders meet in Washington on Monday and Tuesday.
“Since taking office, Prime Minister Modi has declared India ‘open for business’ and promised to incentivize investment and ‘give the world a favorable opportunity to trade with and produce in India,’” the Alliance for Fair Trade with India said in a letter to Obama.
“Thus far, however, the new Indian government has produced troubling policies of its own,” the group said, adding: “These actions send perplexing and contradictory new signals about India’s role in the global marketplace.”
The letter highlighted India’s blockage of a key World Trade Organization agreement reached in Bali last year, which overshadowed a July 30-Aug. 1 visit to India by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry.
The business alliance also complained about India’s raised tariffs and “burdensome” new testing requirements on imported information and communication technology products.
U.S. officials say the United States will press Modi to end the WTO blockage during his visit, something that could dampen the mood of a trip aimed at revitalizing a strategic relationship Washington sees as a key counterbalance in Asia to an increasingly assertive China.
Also on Thursday, U.S. Congressional leaders dealing with trade and finance wrote to the U.S. International Trade Commission calling for a second investigation into India’s “unfair” trade practices, detailing any changes under Modi. They called for the ITC to deliver a report to Congress on Sept. 24, 2015, a statement said.
A report requested in August last year is due to be delivered to Congress on Dec. 15 this year.
Stephen Ezell, senior trade policy analyst at the Washington based Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, told a teleconference that Modi had taken some positive steps, including an easing of some restrictions on investment in the defense, insurance and railway sectors.
“However … we’ve also seen the continuation of existing -and even the promulgation of some new – trade-distorting policies that do give us some pause,” he said.
Chris Moore, of the National Association of Manufacturers, said Modi and his administration were “saying positive things.”
“But their actions tell a different story.”
Patrick Kilbride, of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, welcomed the Indian government’s plans to review the environment for intellectual property rights, but said it remained “very poor.”
The chamber would take the pledges at face value, he said, but added: “Recent history has given us many reasons to be wary.”

Vedanta Resources s Anil Agarwal to donate most of his $3.5 billion fortune to charityAnil Agarwal, executive chairman of Vedanta Resources, has announced that he and his family have agreed to give 75 pct of their wealth to charity. (Reuters)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 26, 2014 1:06 pm
Anil Agarwal, the billionaire controller of Vedanta Resources Plc, announced late on Thursday that he and his family had agreed to give 75 percent of their wealth to charity.
Agarwal, a one-time scrap metal dealer, made the announcement at an event in London to celebrate the 10 year anniversary of Vedanta’s listing on the London Stock Exchange.
Agarwal told Reuters he would keep his stake in the mining company for now but might ultimately divest it.
“We have decided we have to give back to society,” he said on the sidelines of the Vedanta event.
Forbes estimated that the 61-year-old Indian entrepreneur has a net worth of $3.5 billion.

India will be open and friendly for business  ideas  says Narendra ModiNarendra Modi said India will pursue its dreams in partnership with its international friends. (PTI)
PTI | New York | Posted: September 26, 2014 10:02 am
Asserting that there is a “high tide of hope for change” in India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that the country will be open and friendly for business and ideas to make it a new global manufacturing hub.
“We will create world-class infrastructure that India badly needs to accelerate growth and meet people’s basic needs. We will make our cities and towns habitable, sustainable and smart; and we will make our villages the new engines of economic transformation,” Modi said.
“‘Make in India’ is our commitment — and an invitation to all — to turn India into a new global manufacturing hub. We will do what it takes to make it a reality,” he wrote in an op-ed article in The Wall Street Journal.
Modi said India will pursue its dreams in partnership with its international friends.
“History tells us that India’s natural instinct is to be open to the world. India will be open and friendly — for business, ideas, research, innovations and travel,” Modi said.
“In the coming months, you will feel the difference even before you begin your travel to India.”
The Prime Minister, who arrives in New York today on his maiden five-day US visit, said: “There is a high tide of hope for change in India.”
Modi said that 1.25 billion people spoke unequivocally this May for political stability, good governance and rapid development, adding that India has a government with a majority in the Lok Sabha, for the first time in 30 years.
“A young nation with 800 million people under age 35, India is brimming with optimism and confidence. The young people’s energy, enthusiasm and enterprise are India’s greatest strength.
“Unleashing those attributes is my government’s biggest mission,” he said.
“We will pursue this mission by eliminating unnecessary laws and regulations, making bureaucratic processes easier and shorter, and ensuring that our government is more transparent, responsive and accountable.
“It has been said that doing the thing right is as important as doing the right thing,” he said.
Referring to his election campaign, the Prime Minister said he ran it on the promise of inclusive development.
“To me, that means many things: skills education, and opportunity; safety, dignity and rights for those in every section of our society, especially women; a bank account for every Indian; affordable health care within everyone’s reach; sanitation for all by 2019; a roof over every head by 2022; electricity for every household; and connectivity to every village,” he said.
“In addressing these daunting challenges, I draw confidence from countless extraordinary stories of ordinary Indians that I have seen through decades of travel across India,” he said.
Modi said he strongly believes in the possibilities of technology and innovation to transform governance, empower people, provide affordable solutions for societal challenges, and reach people in ways that were unimaginable not so long continued…

Cant make in India before fixing processes  says PM Narendra ModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi, unveils the logo of 'Make in India' initiative in New Delhi. AP
New Delhi | Posted: September 26, 2014 8:17 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the much-touted “Make in India” worldwide campaign, aimed at catapulting India into the centre stage of global manufacturing, in the presence of who’s who of India Inc who pledged unqualified support.
Modi, who later departed to the US for a five-day visit, said the drive would be backed by necessary reforms to increase the competitiveness of Indian industry but stressed that restoring a “broken trust” between the government and industry due to “policy uncertainties and CBI inquiries” was the immediate challenge.
Click here for graph
The launch of the grand campaign was at a time when India’s already under-performing manufacturing sector, accounting for just 16% of GDP, is posting a negative growth rate (the sector had contracted 0.7% in FY14 and shrank 1.2% in the April-June quarter of 2014-15). The key reform measures needed, including a Goods and Services Tax (to reduce cascading of taxes in business to business (B2B) and comprehensive labour reforms, are yet to be implemented. Although steps are being taken to make governance more effective and investor-friendly at the centre and state levels, the results are yet to be fully visible on the ground.
India had fallen to a lowly 134th rank out of 189 countries this year (three down from 2013) in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business rankings.
Currently, it takes 12 procedures and 27 days to start business, 35 procedures and 168 days to get construction permits and 1420 days to enforce contracts in India. The aim is to take the share of manufacturing in the country’s GDP from a stagnant 15-16% currently to 25% by 2022 as stated in the National Manufacturing Policy as well as to create 100 million new jobs by 2022.
Modi sought to put things in context as he said while foreign direct investment (FDI) was welcome, it should be understood as “First Develop India.” He indicated that the government was more keen on long-term and employment generating foreign investment and not short-term capital that focuses only on quick gains. He said investors should not view the country merely as a market, but consider it as an opportunity to develop India by investing in manufacturing and other projects as well as creating jobs, in turn, increasing the people’s purchasing power to boost demand for their products.
Indian corporate leaders who attended the glittering ceremony at capital’s Vigyan Bhavan included Mukesh Ambani, Cyrus Mistry, Kumar Mangalam Birla and Azim Premji. Lockheed Martin’s Phil Shaw and Maruti Suzuki’s Kenichi Ayukawa were also present.
With an eye on wooing US investors during his much-hyped tour, Modi added the term ‘Link West’ to the expression of ‘Look East’ (policy) and said a global vision was essential for the ‘Make in India’ initiative to succeed. Admitting continued…

India s first kisan mandi sets up shop in AlipurWhen fully operational, 30 to 40 FPOs and grower associations will display samples of their produce.
Delhi | Posted: September 26, 2014 8:27 am
The national capital will have the country’s first “kisan mandi” — a fruit and vegetables market outside the purview of the APMC markets marred by trade restrictions — six months from now.
The mandi, to be spread over 1.6 acres at Alipur in the city’s northern tip bordering Haryana, was “soft launched” on Thursday, with sale of about 20 tonnes of onions to Safal, the largest organised retailer of fruit and vegetables in Delhi and the NCR region.
When fully operational, 30 to 40 farmer producer organisations (FPOs) and grower associations will display samples of their produce. Once deals are done on the spot or online, the goods will be delivered to bulk buyers like hotels, resident welfare associations and big corporate retailers at their doorstep.
The Delhi government had earlier this month removed a key hurdle that prevented farmer organisations and corporates from setting up new wholesale fruit and vegetable markets in the city, paving the way for other states to follow suit and remove trade restrictions under the Agricultural Produce Market Committee (APMC) Acts, without actually having to annul these laws.
“Through this market, farmers’ realisation is expected to increase by 20% to 25%, while consumers will get the produce at a 15-20% cheaper rate from the current level,” Parvesh Sharma, managing director, Small Farmers’ Agribusiness Consortium (SFAC), told FE. Depending on the response to the new agri-marketing initiative, more kisan mandis would be set up in Delhi, Sharma said.
Initially organised retailers, hotels, restaurants, caterers, large vendors, exporters, processors and general public will benefit from the new market, which will provide a transit cold storage space and other grading facilities.
“We hope the kisan mandi will change the face of fruit and vegetable marketing in Delhi. They can give better prices to farmers and still offer their produce at lower prices to consumers,” said Ashok Gulati, Chair Professor Agriculture, Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations (ICRIER), and former chairman of the Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices (CACP).
To reach retail consumer, farmers go through seven to eight intermediaries such as APMC market thus escalating price of the commodities while in the case of Kisan Mandi there would be only a couple of intermediaries.
For example, Shriam Gadhave, a farmer leader from Junner Taluka of Pune district has agreed to supply onion at R22 per kg in Delhi while the current retail prices ranges from R30-35 per kg.
“At present, the wholesale price of onion in Maharashtra at around R16 per kg besides we will incur around R3 per kg as transportation cost.. As we would not need to pay mandi tax anymore in Delhi, our price would be lower compared to APMC price,” Gadhave said.
To sell their produce through Kisan Mandi, the farmers won’t have to pay the agents’ continued…

WTO seeks early resolution of stalematePrint
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: September 26, 2014 1:48 am
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States beginning Friday, Tim Yeend, the chief of staff of WTO Director-General Roberto Azevedo, on Thursday met officials in the PMO and the commerce ministry to resolve the WTO impasse.
In the meeting that lasted more than an hour, Yeend discussed “all the possibilities and heard the Indian side so that an agreement can be reached as early as possible”, sources told The Indian Express.
The meeting assumes importance as it comes on the day when the Prime Minister left for the US visit between September 26 and 30.
The sources said that India has prepared a concrete proposal for ending the stalemate and the issue will be taken up during the meeting of Modi and US President Barack Obama.
India had in July categorically refused to ratify the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), that sought to streamline customs procedures, saying that though it supported the agreement, it will not adopt it until a permanent solution was found to its public food stock holding and subsidy concerns.
New Delhi had taken the view that the TFA should be implemented as a part of a single undertaking including the permanent solution on food security. The protocol was to be ratified by July 31.
Amending the WTO norms regarding stockpile of foodgrains is critical for India in order to implement its food security programme.
India has asked the WTO to amend the norms for calculating agriculture subsidies so that the country could continue to procure foodgrains from farmers at minimum support price and sell them to poor at cheaper rates without violating the norms.
Currently, the food subsidies are capped at 10 per cent of the total value of foodgrain production, taking the base year of 1986-88 into account.
India has asked to change the base year, factoring in the impact of inflation and currency movements over these years.
As such, India is also engaged with several countries to enlist support on the issue with an aim to conclude the Bali package at the earliest, a source said.
With the month-long vacation over, the work at the WTO has resumed and Azevedo has been meeting with member nations to cobble support.
Last December, during the ninth ministerial in Bali, WTO members had agreed on a package comprising an agreement on TFA, issues relating to agriculture and development.

Manufacturing vision kicked-off after a full dress rehearsalPrint
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: September 26, 2014 1:47 am
It was a dramatic start. On the screen, several wheels rolled, and finally coalesce to form a lion, ready to roar. That was Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call to global investors to ‘Make in India’ and get the Indian manufacturing story roaring.
But why the lion as a symbol of manufacturing prowess? “Because it is derived from the Lion Capital of Ashoka, the greatest emperor of the Maurya dynasty. It is the most powerful and the strongest symbol of India,” said V Sunil, executive creative director of Wieden+Kennedy India, the creative agency behind the campaign.
The government had approached the agency with the mandate of inviting manufacturing companies and attracting investment and connecting the Ashoka Chakra to the development wheel reflects “that Indian ambition”, he said.
The high-octane campaign, that has now enthralled global investors took almost two months to complete, amid ambitious and fast-paced policy changes, to showcase India’s strength to the world, and the government did it in style.
A short and crisp audio-visual was shown, sprinkled with statistical details and new initiatives, while the high point of the event was the bright colourful brochures that caught the attention of all those present for the launch.
Several diplomats and corporate executives could be seen making a beeline for the purple, red, and yellow brochures, aimed at showing the vibrancy and seriousness of the government to attract foreign investors for setting up bases in India.
The exact contours of Thursday’s campaign was finalised two weeks ago after several meetings. In military style, a rehearsal was done before kicking-off the event, to perfect the minutest of details.

Activist investor buys stake in Yahoo  urges AOL mergerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

4K for $1K: Has Vizio s newest TV hit the magic…Vizio P Series P652ui 4K LED TV First Impressions Review
This might be the TV deal of the year.
September 25, 2014
Make no mistake: The Vizio P652ui P-Series (MSRP $2,199) is a big deal.
Vizio, traditionally positioned as a "value" brand, chose to move the ball forward compete in the "performance" category with higher-priced models from the likes of Samsung, LG, Panasonic, and Sony. That's a long climb into a crowded and intensely competitive space, but Vizio has honed its business savvy for years, mastering cost control and supply chain management. They have the methods, but do they have the product? Based on our time with the P652ui, the answer is yes.
This 65-inch 4K ( UHD ) TV delivers full-array LED backlighting with local dimming, input support for HEVC, HDCP 2.2, and HDMI 2.0, a six-core upscaling/motion processor, 8-bit color depth plus FRC, 120 fps capability—if that sounds like insufferable techno-jargon to you, just trust that it's impressive.
Right now there's only one other option if you're on the prowl for a 4K TV with full-array local dimming, and it costs $8,000. In a true-to-form Vizio tactic of slashing prices to gain market share, its 50-inch full-array will start at just $999.
In fact, regardless of features or frills it's almost impossible to find 4K TVs that compete with the P-Series in price. The rainbow of goodies these TVs deliver is staggering and there's currently no better option if you want a future-proofed, efficacious, and affordable product.
There's currently no better option if you want a future-proofed, efficacious, and affordable product.
But don't take my word for it—we expect to have one of the P-Series TVs in our lab as early as next week, so check back for the full review.
Picture This
Recently, I scoped out every TV in Vizio's 4K P-Series, from smallest to largest, at a Vizio-Sponsored event in NYC. The star of the show was undoubtedly the 65-inch model.
The show room was arranged in the manner of a display "shootout," i.e. multiple side-by-side comparisons of the P652ui pitted against the Samsung HU8550. Both were allegedly set to their defaults in Movie mode, though the Samsung image was overscanned, which seems a bit unfair.
It's also a little questionable why this particular Samsung was chosen as the only comparison model. True, it's a 4K LED from the leading TV manufacturer, and with Samsung's 55-inch model priced at about $2,200 Vizio has a great "all this for half the price!" story. However, the Samsung HU8550 uses an edge-lit LED screen, which has inherent weaknesses against a full-array model like the Vizio P-Series. The real match-up we want to see is the P-Series duking it out with the Sony X950 , the only other readily available full-array LED 4K, which costs about 7x more than the Vizio.
Full-array local dimming dramatically improves the darkness of shadow tones and the luminance of picture highlights. View Larger
The demo was dedicated specifically to picture quality comparisons—there was little in the way of design frills or smart features. Since it's unlikely that Vizio's smart features would hold a candle to LG's webOS or Samsung's Smart Hub, it was probably for the best.
The whole story here is the picture quality, and Vizio had plenty to say on the subject.
Dynamic Range
One of the most important facets of picture quality is dynamic range, or the difference between a TV's darkest and brightest picture elements. High dynamic range has been a major goal of display manufacturers for years, and it's also the main reason plasma and OLED TVs look so good. The only way LCDs like the P652ui can achieve a truly impressive dynamic range is through a technology called full-array local dimming.
The 65-inch P-Series has 64 local dimming zones in an 8x8 grid.
Most TVs are edge-lit, meaning the light-emitting diodes (LEDs) that make up the backlight are aligned along the perimeter of the screen. By comparison, full-array TVs feature evenly-spaced LEDs behind the entirety of the screen.
This is generally a better choice for picture quality, but is also (usually) a much more expensive design. Implementing a function called local dimming allows the LEDs to grow brighter or darker independently of one another, creating stellar possibilities for high dynamic range.
The P652ui's full-array local dimming gives it dynamic abilities beyond almost every other 4K TV on the market. View Larger
The 65-inch P-Series employs 64 local dimming zones in an 8x8 LED grid, meaning that there's one zone for every 129,600 pixels. If that sounds like too coarse a solution to ever look good, keep in mind that the P-Series TVs are also equipped with what Vizio calls "Active Pixel Tuning," an algorithm that regulates dimming on a pixel level.
I can't scientifically confirm whether or not it actually works yet, but I can relate what I saw. During one demo, we watched upscaled scenes from Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows on Blu-ray disc. There was a striking difference between the edge-lit Samsung TV and the more favorable Vizio P652ui.
The whole story here is the picture quality, and Vizio had plenty to say on the subject.
At one point, Vizio paused the demo on a black velvet box containing Ravenclaw's Diadem (if you don't know what this is, seriously, go read Harry Potter right now) and the effect of the local dimming was profound. The silver of the diadem looked notably brighter compared to the edge-lit TV, while the black patterns within the box were rendered in better detail.
Very dark tree branches against a bright, crisp sky or snowy backdrop is much easier for TVs to render when using a full-array backlight. View Larger
This TV's local dimming also does wonders for the black bars that are present during letterbox (Blu-ray) or 4:3 content—those parts of the screen are effectively off, so there's no annoying light bleed or clouding at the edges of the picture.
Additionally, the P-Series simply looked less "polluted" than the comparison TV, lacking the usual blue/yellow haziness that many LCDs suffer from. This has everything to do with how TVs use levels of light to create color.
Color Production
Fortunately, the way TVs render color is fairly simple to understand. The human eye sees three primary colors of light: red, green, and blue wavelengths. TVs combine and mix those colors to create other colors, including neutral shades like gray and white.
Very low-light colors looked a bit washed out during the side-by-side demonstration.
The brightest colors on a TV require a lot of light to translate effectively to the eye, which can become a drawback for edge-lit TVs, as they offer less luminance. The P652ui's heightened dynamic ability could skirt this shortcoming—colors looked less murky. On the other hand, very low-light colors looked a bit washed out during the side-by-side demonstration.
Because of it's full-array backlight, the P652ui seems to exercise better control over color luminance. View Larger
The most telling example was during a scene from The Hobbit: Desolation of Smaug, where the Bilbo and the Dwarves are walking in the forest. At first glance, the comparison TV actually looked more color-rich: Legolas' skin was reddish bronze like he'd just been vacationing in Rohan, and burnt orange leaves strewn along the ground looked slightly more autumnal.
After a few moments, however, I started to notice that neutral tones—such as the reflection of light from an elven sword—were much cleaner and more natural-looking on the 65-inch P-Series.
The P-Series appears to render colors with better color neutrality than its competition, but at the possible cost of overall color saturation. View Larger
Generally, each scene possessed less pollution in neutral shades, and additionally, less extremity between gradated areas of the picture. Whether the P-Series' accuracy means giving up more deeply saturated low-light colors remains to be seen.
Reps from Vizio had no comment on whether the P-Series would produce more color than current HD TVs. While many of 2014's high-end 4K televisions are capable of wider, more-saturated color spaces, the apparent focus of the P-Series is to "perfect what is already available."
Motion Performance & Gaming
Another of the side-by-side demos I saw was particularly troublesome for the comparison TV, the Samsung HU8550: a series of horizontal lines and text passing at different speeds across the screen. Lines of text that were wholly legible on the P-Series were all but artifact-filled mush on the comparison model. Again, these weren't controlled lab conditions so we without absolute judgement, but it gave some food for thought.
One of the P-Series' coolest features is called "High Velocity Mode," and allows PC gaming up to 120 fps.
Each P-Series TV wields a 120 Hz native panel (there will also be a version of the 50-inch with only a 60 Hz panel). For reference, 120 Hz panels refresh each image at 200% speed compared to their predecessors.
One of the coolest things about the P-Series TVs is a function called "High Velocity Mode," which will supposedly allow PC gamers to play games at up to 120 fps (frames per second) through one of the HDMI inputs.
The P-Series TVs can allegedly render PC games at up to 120 frames per second.
While I didn't play any games during the demonstration, I did get to see Skyrim rendered in glorious 4K resolution, and it looked terrific. I rotated around the character with a mouse, and there was little in the way of tearing or stuttering—a good sign, even if it proves nothing.
The same engine and processor that regulates the "High Velocity Mode" will also, apparently, initiate a 24 fps "film mode" whenever such content is detected over the display identification channel.
The Verdict
Worth the wait
We've been eager to review one of Vizio's P-Series televisions since CES in January, and it looks as though that time is nigh. Sure, all the special features and high-end tech is exciting, but it's the price tag that steals the show: full-array 4K LED starting at $999.
If the P-Series TVs are half as good as they look, 4K prices could finally change to favor consumers.
If the P-Series TVs are half as good as they looked during Vizio's demonstrations, Vizio could force the entire industry to start dropping its MSRPs for 4K far earlier than it would like. That's a tough pill to swallow for manufacturers but great news for consumers.
We expect to receive a test sample in the next week or two—stay tuned for the full review, and please comment if you have any questions or concerns for us to consider once we have the TV in-house.
Reviewed.com In Your Inbox

Modi visits 9/11 memorial to show resolve to fight terrorismModi visits 9/11 memorial to show resolve to fight terrorism
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sat 27 Sep, 2014
Chelsea win to stay top as City, United enjoy victories
By Mike Collett LONDON (Reuters) - Chelsea beat West Bromwich Albion to stay top of the Premier League on Saturday while champions Manchester City kept the leaders in their sights and Manchester United demonstrated they are not out of the title race yet. Chelsea played some dazzling football to easily beat West Brom 2-0 at Stamford Bridge with goals from Diego Costa and Eden Hazard to stretch their unbeaten start to the season to 18 matches in all competitions. ... …
Late kickoffs a culture shock for new Sociedad boss Moyes
By Tim Hanlon BARCELONA, Nov 21 (Reuters) - New coach David Moyes says it will be something of a culture shock to have his first game in charge of struggling Real Sociedad at 10pm on a Saturday night, at Deportivo La Coruna. The former Manchester United boss replaced Jagoba Arrasate earlier this month and will have to adapt quickly to his fresh surroundings. "Maybe you will all be in bed by that time, I don’t know. It is completely different for me but I wanted to come here to experience …
Giroud faces fight to get back into Arsenal team, says Wenger
LONDON (Reuters) - France international Olivier Giroud faces a fight to get back into the Arsenal team after recovering from a broken leg, manager Arsene Wenger said on the eve of Saturday's mouth-watering Premier League clash with Manchester United. Giroud, who has been out since breaking his leg against Everton on Aug. 23, has made a quicker than expected return to fitness and the striker was praised by his boss when he spoke to reporters at his pre-match briefing on Friday. "The surgery went …
New York, Sep 27 (IANS) Symbolising India's resolve to fight terrorism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Saturday paid tributes at the 9/11 memorial where the twin towers of World Trade Centre, destroyed by Sep 11, 2001 terrorist attack, once stood.
Dressed in a half-sleeve white Modi kurta and churidars and a grey shawl thrown on his left shoulder, Modi walked to the grey granite memorial site, also known as Ground Zero, and stood solemnly before it with folded hands.
He then placed, one by one, several yellow roses on the memorial slabs around the twin memorial pools with names of more than 3,000 victims of the attack, including many Indian-Americans, etched on it in bronze.
Besides the names of every person who died in the 9/11 terrorist attack, names of the six victims of Feb 26, 1993 World Trade Centre bombing are also inscribed on it.
After that Modi visited the 9/11 Museum which includes a memorial exhibition dedicated to commemorating the unique life of each victim.
Modi's visit to the 9/11 memorial is seen as symbolic of India's resolve to fight terrorism of which it has been a major victim.
The Indian Ambassador to US S. Jaishankar and other officials were with Modi at the 9/11 Memorial.
Occupying eight of the 16 acres at the World Trade Centre, the Memorial features two enormous waterfalls and reflecting pools, each about an acre in size, set within the footprints of the original Twin Towers.
More than 400 trees surround the reflecting pools. Its design conveys a spirit of hope and renewal, and creates a contemplative space separate from the usual sights and sounds of a bustling metropolis, according to the memorial's website.
A small clearing in the grove, known as the Memorial Glade, designates a space for gatherings and special ceremonies.

Signaling post-Snowden era  new iPhone locks out NSAE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jayalalithaa s conviction may alter BJP-AIADMK dynamicsAIADMK's victory in LS elections had given it an edge in national politics, but Jayalalithaa's conviction can affect BJP-AIADMK dynamic.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: J Jayalalithaa's conviction may reduce her clout at the Centre even as she waits for her appeals to be heard in higher courts. The AIADMK's hard-earned victory in the Lok Sabha elections had given it an edge in national politics, but Jayalalithaa's conviction in the assets case could take the sheen off the party's spectacular show and alter the BJP-AIADMK dynamic.
For a shell-shocked party, it could take a while to reconcile to the fact that Jayalalithaa will no longer be the face of the government. But, she will continue to hold the reins and influence all major decisions, point out observers. Choosing her replacement would be a crucial task as the party gears up for the assembly elections in 2016. Over the last three years, following the 2011 state election when her party rode to power with more than 150 seats in the 234-strong assembly, Jayalalithaa had consolidated her position.
Despite a precarious power situation, the public goodwill born out of a plethora of welfare schemes helped the party put up an impressive performance in the Lok Sabha elections.
A monolithic organisation, AIADMK has virtually no second rung leader who might challenge Jayalalithaa's authority. Since taking over the party in 1991, the responsibility of keeping it together has been hers. With the legal setback and its impact on her political career, Jayalalithaa has the task of ensuring that the AIADMK remains a key player and a party to reckon with in electoral politics.
Said political commentator and writer Gnani Sankaran: "Jayalalithaa will continue to control her party even if she is in prison. Cadres flooded the streets after the court verdict today. It proves they are behind her." Moreover, the party needed Jayalalithaa to draw the crowds and the votes. "The party is dependent on her and she is dependent on the party. It is a symbiotic relationship," he added.
A scattered opposition in Tamil Nadu is in no position to capitalise on Jayalalithaa's plight.
Still limping in the wake of the 2G spectrum scam and the ensuing electoral reverses, the DMK would find it a huge challenge to win back voter support in just two years for the next assembly election. The other regional parties, the DMDK, PMK and MDMK, still recovering from the blow dealt to them by the AIADMK in the Lok Sabha polls, are no match for the AIADMK, even in its current situation.
While the opposition is still in disarray, it remains to be seen if Jaya can repeat her 2011 performance in 2016. The conviction may earn her public sympathy, which could help the AIADMK as was the case in 1998 when her alliance swept the polls. This was just two years after AIADMK faced a rout during an anticorruption wave and she was jailed for nearly a month.

HTC confident of grabbing 10% market share in India by 2015HTC confident of grabbing 10% market share in India by 2015
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 11:41 AM IST
Smartphone maker HTC is confident of attaining 10% market share in India by 2015 in terms of volume.
"Our internal estimate shows that HTC sales volume in India has tripled. As per our assessment, we now have 5% market share. It will reach 7% in fourth quarter and comfortably 10% in 2015," HTC Chief Financial Officer and President of Global Sales Chiang-Lin Chang told PTI in an interview.
HTC is getting maximum business from smartphones priced in the range of Rs 15,000 to Rs 30,000 in the country.
The company earlier this year launched its first handset at a price below Rs 10,000 in the form of HTC Desire 210.
Chang said he has seen that the brand preference for HTC is on the upswing in India.
"We will now expand our offerings across various price tiers. We will increase our focus on investments on brand and retail coverage," he said.
An HTC India executive said the company has increased it service and collection points across 200 cities.
As per market research firm IDC, Samsung led the Indian smartphone market share with 29% market share in second quarter of 2014. Micromax had 18%, Karbonn 8% and Lava 6%. Motorola which re-entered Indian market early this year clocked 5% market share.
Other brands jointly accounted for 34% market share. The report did not disclose HTC with its standalone market share in Indian smartphone segment.

http://usat.ly/1u4NxuqFree financial advice from USA Today
Sep 21, 2014
USA Today’s ace financial columnist John Waggoner hits Times Square to give money advice.
More from Personal Finance

Nalco to pay 30% dividend for FY14Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Nalco to pay 30% dividend for FY’14
PTI
Tweet
Bhubaneswar, Sept 28:  
Public sector aluminium giant Nalco has approved a total dividend payout of 30 per cent amounting to Rs 387 crore for 2013-14.
The dividend was approved at the 33rd Annual General Meeting of the Navaratna PSU held here yesterday, Nalco Chairman-cum-Managing Director Ansuman Das said.
The shareholders of National Aluminium Company Ltd approved a total dividend payout of 30 per cent, which worked out to Rs 1.50 per share, he said.
The total pay-out was Rs 387 crore for 2013-14, the CMD said, adding that since its inception, Nalco had paid a total of Rs 4,906 crore as dividend, including Rs 4,234 crore as share of Government of India.
Das said after 33 years of operations, the company is now focusing to move forward through further expansions, diversifications, and thereby enhance sustainability coupled with stakeholders’ satisfaction.
Peripheral Development and environment protection has been given additional thrust, he said.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Biodiversity conservation plan for Jaitapur gets panels nodBiodiversity conservation plan for Jaitapur gets panel’s nod
PTI
The project site of the Jaitapur nuclear power plant (file photo).
New Delhi, Sept 28:  
Biodiversity conservation plan for the Jaitapur nuclear power project in poll-bound Maharashtra has got the approval of a high-powered panel of the Environment Ministry.
The decision was taken by Expert Appraisal Committee (Nuclear), headed by A R Reddy. Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar has now to decide on the go ahead for the plan prepared in consultation with the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) and the state forests and wildlife department.
“After deliberations, the committee recommended Biodiversity Conservation Plan (BCP) for approval by the Ministry,” the panel said in a note.
“The committee observed that BCP is a unique and important document identifying various issues required for the biodiversity conservation in the Jaitapur area and now action has to be taken in short—term and long—term,” it said.
The panel said the project proponent Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) should be responsible to implement the plan in its study area and any other scope in its program.
The BCP for Jaitapur region is specifically for terrestrial, inter—tidal and mangrove areas.
It said the monitoring committee comprising of outside experts and institutions (including the BNHS, College of Fisheries, Ratnagiri and the Balasaheb Sawant Konkan Krishi Vidyapeeth, Dapoli) constituted by the NPCIL should continue to monitor satisfactory implementation of BCP programme in its study area.
In October 2009, the government accorded in principle approval for the full potential of the Jaitapur site for setting up 6x1650 MW light water reactors and designated the site for setting up light water reactors in cooperation with France.
In 2010, Environment Ministry had given conditional environmental clearance to Nuclear Power Park.
Shiv Sena, with which BJP has parted ways in the polls, is dead against the implementation of the project which could witness an investment of over Rs 1 lakh crore.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Israel PM vows to refute Palestinian ‘lies’ at UNPress Trust of India | Jerusalem | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:08 pm
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu headed to New York on Sunday, vowing to expose “slander and lies” laid out by Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas in his UN speech. In a Friday address to the UN General Assembly, Abbas accused Israel of carrying out a “genocidal crime” in its 50-day war against Gaza militants in which nearly 2,200 Palestinians, mostly civilians, were killed.
“In my speech to the General Assembly, I will refute the lies that are being told about us and I will tell the truth about our state and the heroic soldiers of the IDF, the most moral army in the world,” Netanyahu said on the tarmac at Ben Gurion airport near Tel Aviv before boarding the plane.
Earlier, an official from Netanyahu’s office called the Palestinian leader’s remarks “an inciteful hate speech full of lies,” with Netanyahu pledging to refute it along with claims laid out in the UN speech of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. “After the Iranian president’s deceptive speech and Abu Mazen’s inciteful speech, I will tell the truth on behalf of Israel’s citizens to the entire world,” he said in a statement late yesterday, using Abbas’s nickname.
“In my UN General Assembly speech and in all of my meetings I will represent the citizens of Israel and will – on their behalf — refute the slander and lies directed at our country,” Netanyahu said. Netanyahu will deliver his speech to the General Assembly tomorrow, then will travel to Washington to meet US President Barack Obama at the White House on Wednesday.

Karunanidhi  Stalin booked for clash between DMK-AIADMK workersPrint
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:58 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 3:03 pm
FIRs have been filed against DMK President M Karunanidhi and his son and party Treasurer M K Stalin in connection with a clash between their supporters and AIADMK workers in the wake of conviction of Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in the disaproportionate assets case.
Three FIRs were filed at the Royapettah Police Station against the two and several others here last night based on  complaint by some AIADMK workers who alleged that a group of DMK workers attacked them with ‘deadly weapons’ near Karunanidhi’s Gopalapuram residence here, police said.
The FIRs were filed under IPC sections 147 (Punishment for Rioting), 148 (Rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 324 (Voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means), 336 (Act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 506/2 (Punishment for criminal intimidation), they said.
The clash took place when AIADMK workers protested against DMK and its leaders, alleging that it was their act of ‘foisting’ the illegal Rs 66.65 crore assets case that led to the conviction of Jayalalithaa by a Bangalore special court on Saturday.

President’s rule imposed in MaharashtraPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:56 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 1:30 am
Three days after the ruling coalition in Maharashtra fell apart, with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) snapping ties with the Congress, President’s rule was imposed in the poll-bound state Sunday.
According to a Home Ministry spokesperson, President Pranab Mukherjee signed the proclamation for imposition of Centre’s rule in Maharashtra Sunday, a day after the Union Cabinet recommended such a step. Saturday’s cabinet meeting was chaired by Home Minister Rajnath Singh in the absence of PM Narendra Modi who is on a tour of the US.
Following the NCP’s decision to call off the coalition, Chief Minister Prithviraj   Chavan   had resigned on Friday. His resignation was accepted a day after by Governor Vidyasagar Rao, who in his report to the Centre had recommended imposition of President’s rule.
Meanwhile, the Congress has criticised the move.
“The Chief Minister resigned on grounds of morality…A caretaker CM should have been appointed. There was no need for President’s rule. The elections are due in about 15 days,” Congress leader Rashid Alvi said.
With the NCP, which has 62 legislators, deciding to withdraw from the coalition, the Congress-led government was reduced to a minority in the 288-member house. The breaking point between the two parties came with the NCP insisting on contesting an equal number of seats in the forthcoming elections, as well as its demand for rotational chief ministership for half of the government’s five-year term if the alliance came back to power.

Narendra Modi’s visit to mark new era in Indo-US relations: Frank IslamPrint
Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:44 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 4:15 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit will mark a new era in bilateral relations between the two nations especially on the economic front , said Frank Islam, Member of Industry Trade Advisory Committee in the Obama Administration.
“I strongly believe PM Modi’s visit will kick-start a new era in the relations, especially on the economic front. I definitely think Modi’s visit will strengthen the bilateral relations ,” Frank, who also serve on the Board of Trustees of the Kennedy Center, told PTI through email.
Born in Azamgarh district of Uttar Pradesh and raised in Aligarh, Frank said the past couple of years have not been “very smooth”.
“The US, especially American businesses, have been dismayed by the pace and direction of the economic reform in India in the past two to three years. Many in Washington feel that, on the reforms front, India has regressed, especially in the last year of the Manmohan Singh government,” he said.
“There is also a feeling that US companies got nothing from India despite America offering the historic nuclear deal. The Devyani Khobragade issue was another sad chapter in the US-India relations in the past couple of years. Everyone agrees that the issue was not handled properly,” he added.
Frank said that since Modi has come to power things have changed for better.
“Modi has been known as a pro-business leader. He has a long track record of that in Gujarat. Even though on the economy, he hasn’t announced any radical measures so far, many here think his heart is in the right place,” he said.
On the future of Indo-US relationship, he said, “In the past two decades, relations have been driven mostly by the business communities in both countries. They will continue to – only thing is they need support from the leaderships in both countries.”
Frank said that in his opinion both the sides should focus on solving their differences on economic issues.
“India should intellectually and emotionally embrace economic reforms, rather than doing it reluctantly, as it has been doing it so far. It should address the lack of infrastructure and difficulties in acquiring land for infrastructure,” he said on the issues which need more focus during the PM’s visit.
He added there was a lot of scope for cooperation in different fields like national security, education, healthcare, agriculture and energy.
“The two countries are already cooperating on all these issues. But more can and should be done,” he said. Frank, who owns FI Investment Group in US, said he commend Modi for his remarks about Muslims in India.
“In an interview Modi had said that Indian Muslims will live and die for India. I agree with him and I commend him because he firmly believes there should be no division based on caste,” he said.
“I would like Modi to give Indian Muslim youth continued…

DMDK leader calls on govt over law & order situation in Tamil NaduDMDK founder Vijayakant met the Governor Rosaiah and presented a memorandum to him in this regard. (Source: PTI photo)
PTI | Chennai | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:22 pm
DMDK, the main opposition party in Tamil Nadu Assembly, Sunday expressed concern over ‘deterioration’ of law and order in the state following Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa’s conviction in an illegal assets case and urged Governor K Rosaiah to ‘restore the rule of law.’
DMDK founder and Leader of the Opposition in the Assembly Vijayakant met the Governor and presented a memorandum to him in this regard.
In the memorandum, Vijayakant, an ally of NDA, expressed concern over the law and order situation and referred to “visible reports” of AIADMK supporters “indulging in violence,” targeting opposition leaders and their residences besides damaging public property.
Stating that there was a ‘lurking fear’ in the minds of people, he said, “We request your Excellency to instill confidence in the hearts of the people and restore the rule of law. We are sure that you will intervene and ensure the peaceful atmosphere in Tamil Nadu immediately,” he said.
Later he told reporters that he sought protection for leaders of opposition parties.
On Saturday, AIADMK workers indulged in stone-pelting and torched buses at several places in the state following the conviction of Jayalalithaa in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case by a Bangalore special court.

President s rule imposed in Maharashtra | Over 7 000 candidates file nominationPresident's rule imposed in Maharashtra
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 03.46PM IST
Tags:
Congress
(President signed the proclamation…)
NEW DELHI: President's rule was imposed today in poll-bound Maharashtra after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned following the break-up of 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance in the state.
President Pranab Mukherjee signed the proclamation for imposition of central rule in Maharashtra, a day after the Union Cabinet recommended clamping of President's rule in the state, a Home Ministry spokesperson said.
The brief Cabinet meeting yesterday was chaired by Home Minister Rajnath Singh in the absence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who is away in the US.
With NCP withdrawing support to the government, Chavan had resigned on Friday. His resignation was accepted by Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao yesterday.
Since assembly elections in Maharashtra are scheduled on October 15, the Governor, in his report to the Centre, had recommended imposition of President's rule in the state.
NCP had on Thursday called off its alliance with Congress accusing Chavan of neglecting it and stalling talks over seat-sharing.
NCP's insistence on the two parties contesting an equal number of the state's 288 assembly seats and the demand for rotational chief ministership for half of the government's five-year term if the alliance retained power were the sticking points during the seat-sharing talks which eventually led to the collapse of the alliance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rhea courts controversyUpdated: September 28, 2014 16:48 IST
Rhea courts controversy
arts, culture and entertainment
In a little less than a month — October 17, to be exact — Rhea Chakraborty will be back on the big screen with Sonali Cable, directed by Charudutt Acharya and produced by Rohan and Ramesh Sippy. It's about a young woman who sets up her own cable company by …er... ‘borrowing’ connections instead of dealing with the red tape that a legal link would entail.
It's an important film for her, coming a while after Mere Dad Ki Maruti, where TV veteran Ram Kapoor waddled off with all the fan mail. But now, Rhea is attracting the paparazzi.
How come? Rhea has to do promo activities of Sonali Cable but also finish prep for a new film - Yash Raj's Bank Chor with Riteish Deshmukh. It may be a bit tough for the pretty actor to fulfil all her commitments without ruffling feathers. So when she makes comments like ‘I have seen that 100 crore films have no content — only money is wasted!’, her PR team is sure to be holding its collective breath, since so many Bollywood biggies take pride in being part of big extravaganzas.

Clorox: Venezuelan seizure of plant risks safety...and
versions
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — U.S.-based Clorox Co. warns that the Venezuelan government's decision to seize the company's shuttered facilities near Caracas may pose safety risks for workers and nearby residents.
Clorox, of Oakland, California, closed its production facilities this week saying it had been operating at a loss due to government-imposed price freezes and the soaring costs of materials and operation.
Venezuelan authorities claim Clorox has illegally abandoned the country. The government responded Friday night by seizing the Clorox factory in a move it said would save some 800 jobs.
Clorox, however, said in a statement dated Friday that the production of cleaning products such as bleach is a highly specialized process.
Although it said it removed all chlorine from the site and locked down equipment, "the Venezuelan government's actions raise grave concerns, and Clorox and its affiliates cannot be responsible for the safety of workers and the surrounding communities."
Later, Venezuelan Vice President Jorge Arreaza said officials wouldn't rush into restarting the plant and the government would take all safety measures necessary to handle toxic chemicals.
"We are going to make a plan to reactivate the factory. We cannot make hasty decisions," he said.

American football growing quickly in Brazil...and
versions
SAO PAULO (AP) — Brazilians are starting to pay attention to a different type of football — the one played with the hands.
American football — once the sport nobody could understand — is quickly gaining space in the land of soccer, attracting a growing number of fans and participants.
Brazil already has two well-established semi-professional leagues in place, and television ratings for the NFL are increasing rapidly.
Some of the country's most traditional soccer clubs have created their own American football teams, with one of them boasting the fact it has more Facebook fans than some NFL teams. And Nike is selling NFL jerseys here for the first time, and saying the company expects interest to grow.
One former NFL player working as a coach in the country is excited with the sport's potential, saying it may not be long before American football becomes one of the nation's most popular sports behind soccer.
"American football is just pregnant right now in Brazil, getting ready to give birth to something great," former New York Jets tight end Johnny Mitchell told The Associated Press in a phone interview.
Brazil even has a national team playing competitively, and the level of talent is improving.
Games are being played on the famous Rio de Janeiro beaches, sharing sand space with soccer and foot-volley, as well as in other parks and fields across the country. Some traditional soccer stadiums are also hosting American football games.
The sport is not likely to ever seriously challenge the popularity of soccer, but it's starting to leave its mark. Some fans say they are not watching as much soccer as they did before getting to know American football.
"I decided to cancel my pay-per-view package for the Brazilian league and used that money on high-speed internet to make it easier to follow the NFL," said Priscila Santos, a 30-year-old Brazilian who got hooked on the sport through a friend who already liked the NFL. "I realized that the sport is so much more organized than soccer is here. I fell in love with it immediately and now it's my No. 1 sport."
Not long ago, it was hard to find many people who knew much about American football in Brazil. The sport was virtually exclusive to foreigners who lived in the country and Brazilians who used to live abroad. Brazilians often said the rules were too difficult and criticized that it was too violent.
But with the growth of cable television, more people started to have access to the sport. ESPN began broadcasting NFL games in Brazil in the early 1990s, and in the last few years ratings started to reach significant levels.
The channel is broadcasting up to six games each week and viewership last season grew 29 percent. ESPN had cable TV's top rating the day of this year's Super Bowl, and in 2013 it led all sports channels watched by men 18-24 when NFL games were shown.
The league is also available on the broadcast channel Esporte Interativo, which said games reached 23.8 million people in Brazil last season, with an average of almost 900,000 per game.
"We are still trying to help the viewer understand some of the rules of the sport, but we are already noticing during this third season that there is a fan base which is already very familiar and very engaged with the NFL," said Fabio Medeiros, the channel's content director, adding that during this year's Super Bowl its hashtag #NFLnoEI was among Twitter's trending topics worldwide.
Brazilians aren't just watching American football. They are playing it too.
There are more than 120 American football teams in the country, and new ones are being created every year, according to the Brazilian Confederation of American Football, which was established in 2012 to help develop the sport. It says there are more than 4,800 active players in Brazil, not counting those with flag-football teams and youth and women's categories. Although there are many foreigners playing in local teams, the vast majority of players are Brazilians.
"There is no doubt the sport is growing rapidly," said Daniel Stoler, the Brazilian confederation's director of international affairs. "We notice that people are becoming a lot more interested in the sport, they are coming to us."
The local leagues have been growing and some of the games are broadcast on local TV.
Mitchell, who played in the NFL in the 1990s, was hired to coach the Maringa Pyros this season, a year after leading the Coritiba Crocodiles to the title of the IV Brasil Bowl. His arrival made headlines in local newspapers on sports pages usually filled with soccer stories.
"The next step for American football in Brazil is to find someone who sees the business opportunities of the sport here, then it will really take off," he said.
Mitchell says there is a good foundation in place and a few of the local players already have enough talent to be playing in the Canadian Football League or the Arena Football League.
"I think that in seven to 10 years you could have talent on the level of the NFL," he said. "The Brazilians have size, they just don't have the technical support right now. What is needed is someone who can buy out all the leagues and put a commissioner in place and really teach these kids around Brazil. We are talking about 200 million people in this country."
Another former NFL player taking a chance in Brazil this season is Nic Harris, a linebacker who played for the Buffalo Bills in 2009 and the Carolina Panthers in 2010. He came to play for the Vila Velha Tritoes, which won one of the local leagues in 2010 in a final played in one of Brazil's most traditional soccer venues, Santos' Vila Belmiro Stadium.
Made famous by Pele in the 1960s, Santos is among the top Brazilian soccer clubs taking advantage of the growth of American football. Others include popular sides Flamengo, Corinthians and Vasco da Gama, all of which have been participating in local leagues. In 2011, the Fluminense Imperadores won a title in front of a crowd of 7,000 at Coritiba's Couto Pereira Stadium.
The Corinthians Steamrollers has more than 1.2 million Facebook fans, more than eight NFL teams, including the Cincinnati Bengals, Cleveland Browns, Arizona Cardinals and Buffalo Bills.
The NFL is starting to notice.
"We've never looked specifically, but Brazil should be a huge opportunity for us. Great sports country, fantastic infrastructure, getting better by the year at the moment with all sporting events," said Mark Waller, NFL's executive vice president of international. "I think it would be extraordinary for us if (we) were able to look at something there."
___
AP Pro Football Writer Barry Wilner in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Tales Azzoni at http://www.twitter.com/tazzoni

Man who raised $55K for potato salad throws party...and
versions
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio man who raised $55,000 in a joking crowdfunding appeal to pay for his first attempt at making potato salad threw a huge public party Saturday that promised "peace, love and potato salad."
PotatoStock 2014 was held in downtown Columbus and featured bands, food trucks, beer vendors and, yes, plenty of potato salad. With more than 3,000 pounds of potatoes, the charity-minded party was open to people of all ages.
Zack Brown had jokingly sought $10 on Kickstarter in July to buy potato salad ingredients, but his mission drew global attention and earned tens of thousands of dollars.
The Idaho Potato Commission and corporate sponsors donated potato salad supplies for the party.
Brown is partnering with the Columbus Foundation to support charities that fight hunger and homelessness. The account started with $20,000 in post-campaign corporate donations and will grow after proceeds from PotatoStock are added.
"His fund will have potential way after this potato salad is forgotten," Lisa Jolley, the foundation's director of donors and development, told The Columbus Dispatch.
Brown told the newspaper that he intends to "do the most good that I can."

Ask Matt: Can I avoid bond-manager dramaEMAIL
Q: Can I avoid bond-manager drama?
A: The sudden departure of Bill Gross from bond shop PIMCO is a reminder to investors: Money managers can walk anytime. Some investors might decide the drama isn’t worth it and look to avoid such personnel issues.
To be sure, there are active bond managers who have long track records at besting the bond market. The bond market still has corners of inefficiencies that can be exploited by human managers paying attention. But even these managers’ performance can fade over time as they pick up more assets, rivals copy their strategies and they need to make bigger and riskier bets just to move the performance needle.
Investors looking to add some bond exposure to their portfolio without the risk of personnel changes might consider a wide variety of bond index investments that have proliferated over the years. The easiest way for stock jockeys, who are looking just to tamper their stock exposures a bit, to add bonds is with exchange-traded funds that own baskets of bonds. Investors looking for just one bond ETF to add to their portfolio might consider something like Vanguard’s Total Bond Market ETF (BND) . It owns more than 3,000 bonds to represent the entire market and charges an expense ratio of just 0.08%.
That’s just a fraction of what most human bond managers charge. And while your bonds portfolio will track the bond market — not beat it — you don’t have to worry about lagging, either.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

The 4 worst things to buy at Trader Joe sThe 4 Worst Things to Buy at Trader Joe’s
Not everything at the popular alternative grocer is a bargain.
Dave Swanson
September 27, 2014
Recently, on the way to the checkout counter at my local Trader Joe’s, I noticed buckets of irresistible white tulips—ten for $6.99.
I’m a cheapskate when it comes to buying flowers, but with guests coming for dinner and a dearth of blooms in my yard, the tulips seemed like a smart splurge.
But at home, when I cut open the plastic sleeve for the tulips, five of the stems went limp. There was no rescuing these pathetic beauties, and they collapsed like spent ballerinas around the rim of the vase.
I’ve been shopping at Trader Joe’s regularly for more than two decades—a span spread across three different cities. There are a number of items I refuse to buy anywhere else, since no other store seems to match TJ's value and quality. For those living in smaller cities where ethnic foods may be in short supply, Trader Joe’s can be a huge boon. And Consumer Reports ranks Trader Joe’s highest of all national chains in terms of customer satisfaction.
Arriving home and discovering you have a shoddy product is a real bummer.
But not everything at Trader Joe’s is a dream buy. Though often temptingly packaged, there are a few categories I’ve learned to avoid.
In the company’s defense, store managers are given latitude to refund or replace products without question. But if you’re counting on something for tonight’s dinner—like the tulips for my table—arriving home and discovering you have a shoddy product is a real bummer.
Here are the categories I’ve learned to avoid when shopping at Trader Joe’s.
1. Fresh Fruits and Vegetables
Though they weren't on offer when I first started shopping at the chain, most locations now have a tantalizing selection of fresh fruits and vegetables. But as I’ve discovered more often than I care to admit, much of Trader Joe’s produce has obvious flaws, and little to none of it is locally sourced.
Excess packaging often conceals the quality of produce at Trader Joe's.
First off, quality is unreliable, with flavorless tomatoes, rock-hard peaches, and moldy blackberries making an appearance more often than they should. The products often spoil faster than the same items bought elsewhere. Problems that might normally be detected by simply examining the items are often masked within the packaging. And the packaging is excessive—most produce is encased in plastic clamshells or trays, meaning these items are sold with an oversized environmental footprint.
Despite Trader Joe’s reputation for bargains, some of the produce is overpriced, or must be purchased in quantities that are unreasonable. The per-pound price on zucchini might be fair, but unless we’re making zucchini bread, who needs five at a time? And two puny garlic bulbs packaged for $1.29 is a ripoff when you can spend the same amount on two or three times as many at most conventional supermarkets.
Despite Trader Joe’s reputation for bargains, some of the produce is overpriced, or must be purchased in quantities that are unreasonable.
By selling products in units, rather than pounds, Trader Joe’s keeps its checkout lines moving faster—no need for scales to weigh produce. But the company should pass these operating efficiencies on to customers (something we find more common at Costco, incidentally).
Still, there are exceptions. Bagged, pre-washed salad greens seem as tasty and fresh as what I get elsewhere. There are seasonal, one-off stockings of certain items that are good quality and value; these might be globe artichokes one week or ears of corn the next. And at just 19 cents apiece, the bananas are a loss leader I never pass up.
2. Fresh Seafood and Sushi
A few years ago, Trader Joe’s earned a black eye from seafood watchdogs for selling seafood that was not sustainably sourced . Today, the chain gets a thumbs-up on the Greenpeace scorecard among retailers for its sales practices.
Though sustainably sourced, overall quality of Trader Joe's seafood is unreliable.
But I don’t find a lot of the fresh seafood at Trader Joe’s to be appealing. I’ve had ocean-caught salmon that tasted murky, waterlogged scallops, and sushi packed with fake fish and other non-Japanese ingredients. “Sell-by” dates are often meaningless.
We never know how or when the fish was sourced—it’s sealed in plastic and there are no on-site fish counter representatives to speak with. When a big shipment comes in, you won’t find anything on sale, as you would at Whole Foods, Wegmans, or Sprouts. The same goes for fresh meats, but I’ve usually found Trader Joe’s beef, lamb and chicken to be more reliable.
When a big shipment comes in, you won’t find anything on sale, as you would at Whole Foods, Wegmans, or Sprouts.
That said, I don’t avoid most of the frozen or canned seafood items sold at Trader Joe’s. The frozen tilapia fillets are a great deal at $6.99 a pound, and the chain deserves praise for its affordably priced, canned skipjack tuna, sustainably caught through pole and line fishing.
3. Charles Shaw Wines
While I do find a number of good deals on wines at Trader Joe’s, those from the so-called Charles Shaw winery —nicknamed Two-Buck Chuck for its once-upon-a-time price tag of $1.99—are worth just that: about two bucks.
Today, these wines sell (depending on location) for $2.99 or more, which means they’re overpriced by at least 50 percent.
Mysteriously, "Two-Buck Chuck" has its fans, who cart it away a case at a time.
I already told you I’m a cheapskate, so you know I’m not ashamed of the price tag, and I agree that the wine world is filled with pretentious snobs who deserve to be taken down a notch. But though I’m not a wine expert, I know swill when I taste it, and these wines are offensively bad.
I'm no wine expert, but I know swill when I taste it, and these wines are offensively bad.
The Charles Shaw label was born during a wine glut in California. An enterprising marketer decided to sell off excess, low-end wine at a rock-bottom price. The move garnered a surprising amount of press and, in truth, it could be that the wine that first year was a tad better than what is sold now.
Today, the label is a sign of mass-produced wine at its worst—heavily manipulated with sugar and other additives to make it palatable to the undiscriminating few.
In short, I don’t even use Two-Buck Chuck for cooking wine.
4. Cut Flowers
Sadly, the tulips I referenced earlier weren’t my first encounter with subpar blooms at Trader Joe’s—but they will be my last.
While there’s usually a pleasing variety of flowers on offer, and while prices are generally quite low, unless you get them fresh off the truck there are too many instances where the quality disappoints. Irises don’t open, roses are past their prime, and, yes, limp tulips abound.
These flowers are tempting, but will they survive the journey home?
If I were to guess why flower quality at Trader Joe’s is uneven, it’s that the stems aren't refrigerated or even stored in a cool part of the store. Worse, the buckets they sit in are often devoid of water, meaning the plants are dying of thirst before they get to the checkout line.
Happily, Trader Joe’s has a very open-minded return policy.
Happily, Trader Joe’s has a very open-minded return policy. And though it wasn’t in my plans to make a trip back to the store with the spent tulips, I did speak to a manager about it. She not only refunded the purchase price, but she sent me home with two more bouquets of purple tulips.
I got them home, put them in water and—barely 24 hours later—they started to droop.
And Yet...
There are plenty of reasons I do shop at Trader Joe’s, almost weekly. From sweets, to cheese, to drinks and nuts, there are plenty of things the alternative grocer does well. Find out which below:

‘Occupy Central’ launches protest in HKHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Congress  NCP fail to find 288 candidatesPublic works minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his son Pankaj filed nomination papers from Yeola and Nandgaon, in Nashik district. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan , deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, industries minister Narayan Rane and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal were prominent among those who submitted nominations on Saturday, the last day. Neither the Congress nor NCP could name candidates for 288 seats.
A senior Congress minister admitted that after the Congress-NCP alliance collapsed over sharing of seats, it was expected both parties will contest all 288 seats. "My information is the Congress nominated 260 candidates, while NCP could mobilise only 210 candidates," he said.
Chavan filed his nomination papers from South Karad, his home town, but he won't have a cakewalk. Congress legislator Vilas Patil Undalkar, who has represented the constituency since 1980, filed his papers as an independent after he was denied a party ticket. Former Congress leader Atul Bhosale, who joined the BJP and Ajinkya Patil, Shiv Sena nominee and son of Bihar governor D Y Patil, are also in the fray from the constituency.
Public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his son Pankaj filed nomination papers from Yeola and Nandgaon, in Nashik district. Rane and his son Neetesh, filed nomination papers from Kudal and Kankavali. All cabinet members in the Chavan government, except environment minister Sanjay Deotale, filed their nominations on Saturday. Deotale, who was denied a nomination, quit the Congress on Saturday and the joined BJP, which nominated him from Warora in Chandrapur district.
In Nanded, there was confusion over the Congress nominee from Bhokar. Initially, it was believed that former chief minister Ashok Chavan , who has been elected to the Lok Sabha from Nanded, will be the Congress nominee. But at the last minute his wife Amita filed her nomination papers as the party's candidate. It was a similar situation in Yavatmal where just an hour before the deadline, state Congress president Manikrao Thakre's son Rahul was asked to file his nomination papers.

Union Cabinet recommends President s Rule in MaharashtraBJP
(NCP had on Thursday called…)
NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet today recommended imposition of President's Rule in assembly poll-bound Maharashtra, a day after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned following the end of 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance in the state.
The brief Cabinet meeting, chaired by Home Minister Rajnath Singh in the absence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is in the US, decided to recommend to the President central rule in the state where assembly polls will be held on October 15, sources said.
After NCP withdrew support, Chavan resigned and his resignation was accepted by Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao today.
As assembly elections in Maharashtra are scheduled next month, the Governor in his report to the Centre has recommend imposition of President's rule in the state, said the sources.
NCP had on Thursday called off its alliance with Congress accusing Chavan of neglecting it and stalling talks over seat-sharing.
NCP's insistence on the two allies contesting an equal number of the state's 288 assembly seats and demand for rotational chief ministership for half of the government's five-year term if the alliance retained power were the sticking points during the seat-sharing talks which eventually led to the collapse of the alliance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ello: An  anti-Facebook   ad-free social network gets viral surge28
2
Washington: In a matter of days, the new social network Ello, described as the "anti-Facebook" for its stand on privacy and advertising, has become perhaps the hottest ticket on the Internet.
Created last year as a "private" social network, Ello ( www.ello.co ) recently opened its doors on an invitation-only basis.
Because of the limited supply and strong demand, the invitations have been selling on eBay at prices up to $500. Some reports said Ello is getting up to 35,000 requests per hour as a result of a viral surge in the past week.
Created last year as a "private" social network, Ello recently opened its doors on an invitation-only basis.
Ello appears to have caught on with its simple message which seems to take aim at frustrations of Facebook users.
"Ello doesn't sell ads. Nor do we sell data about you to third parties," the company says.
Its "manifesto" states: "We believe a social network can be a tool for empowerment. Not a tool to deceive, coerce, and manipulate - but a place to connect, create, and celebrate life. You are not a product."
Ello's policy states that the practice of collecting and selling personal data and mapping your social connections for profit "is both creepy and unethical."
"Under the guise of offering a 'free' service, users pay a high price in intrusive advertising and lack of privacy."
Based in Vermont, Ello was launched by a group of artists and programmers led by Paul Budnitz, whose previous experience include designing bicycles and robots.
Budnitz says on his page that Ello was designed to be "simple, beautiful and ad-free."
'Different politics'
Nathan Jurgenson, a social media researcher at the University of Maryland, welcomed Ello's fresh approach.
"I love these moments of new social media when conversation explodes, moved to imagine how social media can be different, questioning core assumptions instead of just fretting and complaining - all before this paint even dries," he said on his Ello page.
"Ello is getting so much attention precisely because it promises social media of a different politics. We've collectively come to the realisation that the rise of social media has been accompanied by handing far too much power to far too few people, and there's energy to shake things up, even if just a bit."
Ello's rise also comes amid complaints against Facebook from the gay community that the world's biggest social network began disabling accounts using stage names instead of real names.
A San Francisco protest is planned against Facebook supporting "drag queens" who lost their Facebook accounts. Ello does not require real names.
Business plan?
It remains unclear if Ello will end up being a flash in the pan, or if it will develop a profitable business plan.
Ello states it plans to remain "completely free to use," but that it could start offering some premium features for a fee.
Some question if Ello can succeed on this kind of model and keep its principles.
But former Ello collaborator Aral Balkan said Ello has already been compromised by taking $435,000 in venture capital funding.
A designer and founder of ind.ie, a privacy advocacy group, Balkan said he worked briefly for Ello but left when he learned of the venture investments.
"When you take venture capital, it is not a matter of if you're going to sell your users, you already have," says a blog post from Balkan.
"It's called an exit plan. And no investor will give you venture capital without one. In the myopic and upside-down world of venture capital, exits precede the building of the actual thing itself. It would be a comedy if the repercussions of this toxic system were not so tragic."
118

Happy birthday  Lata Mangeshkar: Here s the bouquet of her great Bollywood playlistprint
Singing sisters Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhonsle (HT Photo)
The best Hindi film songs of all time? We attempted the impossible by asking legends Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle to list their favourites out of the thousands of numbers they've sung. Then, we got 15 music stalwarts to pick the top 10 Bollywood songs of the last 100 years. Listen in on a century of great film music with us. We dare you to do it without humming...
Music and Bollywood are inseparable - lovers entwined in mad passion. There is no situation, no occasion, no emotion for which a Hindi film song hasn't been created. From sad, soulful numbers to ballads with ornate Urdu couplets; from high-brow poetry to the new trend of using English words as 'hook lines'; Bollywood music has changed tremendously over 100 years.
Brunch celebrates this unique treasure, this unparalleled legacy, by attempting to compile the best songs of all time. So we asked two playback legends - Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle - to share their favourites from the songs they have sung. And we got other industry hotshots to choose what they deem Bollywood's best. As the tunes poured in, some songs kept cropping up in list after list. They made it to our bumper compendium of classics - tunes that shine despite the passage of time. This one goes out to every music lover, especially you!
EXPERTS' CHOICE: THE 32 MOST LOVED SONGS OF ALL TIME
The Nightingale and The Rose: two singers play it back
Trying to get the legendary Lata Mangeshkar to pick the top 20 songs from her repertoire of an estimated 25,000-50,000 tracks is like attempting to look for the twenty brightest pebbles on an expansive beach! She has lent her voice to four generations of leading ladies in Bollywood: an unparalleled achievement for any singer anywhere at any point of human history!
"I have very beautiful memories attached with almost all my songs," says Mangeshkar, reclusive but still graceful at 84. "But there are a few which are personal favourites."
She didn't have to struggle much to recall those favourites even as she went through a list of about 100 of her best-known songs that I had got along to jog her memory. In fact, she pointed out that I hadn't listed many of her favourites!
Here are the best songs from the vast treasure-trove of outstanding songs, as chosen by the legend herself.
Lata Mangeshkar's top tunes
Of the many songs she lent her voice to, the legend picks her favourites
1. Tu jahan jahan chalega (Mera Saaya, 1966). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Raja Mehdi Ali Khan
"It's a beautiful composition by Madan bhaiya about yearning for a loved one that you have lost. Exceptionally touching and close to my heart."
Lag Jaa Gale
2. Lag jaa gale (Woh Kaun Thi, 1964). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Raja Mehdi Ali Khan
"Sometimes a song is either lyrically heavy or melodically strong. At times, it's both but tends to lose impact when picturised. It also happens that a song is badly written and scored but is visually so stunning that it leaves an impression on our heart and mind. This song has all those three elements."
3. Aaja re pardesi (Madhumati, 1958) Music: Salil Chowdhury. Lyrics: Shailendra
"This was my first super-hit and it scores on lyrics, tune and acting."
4. Rahe na rahe hum (Mamta, 1966) Music: Roshan Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"The music and lyrics make for a great composition."
5. Ja re ud jaare panchi (Maya, 1961) Music: Salil Chowdhury. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"The entire package (music, lyrics and my rendition) has a heart-touching quality. I love the use of the saxophone."
6. O sajna, barkha bahaar aayi (Parakh 1960). Music: Salil Chowdhury. Lyrics: Shailendra
"I'm in love with this song. Salilda composed it beautifully and blended it with the lyrics by Shailendraji, while Bimal Roy's camera-work (pictured on Sadhana), with close-ups of the rain, were outstanding. This melody is also unforgettable because of the contributions of people like Abdul Halim Jaffar Khan, who provided the accompanying instrumentation with the sitar beautifully."
Lata Mangeshkar (Photo credit: Getty Images)
7. Aaega aanewala (Mahal, 1949). Music: Khemchand Prakash. Lyrics: Nakhshab Jaaravchi
"It was one of my first major hits. The lip-syncing on screen by Madhubala added a special allure to the song and set the ball rolling for other hits."
8. Pyaar kiya toh darna kya (Mughal-e-Azam, 1960). Music: Naushad. Lyrics: Shakeel Badayuni
"I love the song's lyrics, music, choreography and the mood. Many rebellious emotions are conveyed through it."
9. Allah tero naam (Hum Dono, 1961). Music: Jaidev. Lyrics: Sahir Ludhianvi
"Perhaps the most melodious and all-encompassing prayer for humanity. Gandhiji philosophy: 'sabko sanmati de bhagwan,' appeals to me. The lyrics touch your heart and the enchanting music fills my heart with hope."
10. Zara si aahat hoti (Haqeeqat, 1964). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Kaifi Azmi
"Kaifi saheb's lyrics are haunting. Madan bhaiya created some fine nuances even though the tune was simple. The melody stays with you long after you have heard the song."
11. Ae dil-e-nadaan (Razia Sultan, 1983). Music: Khayyam. Lyrics: Jan Nisar Akhtar
"Sometimes, the director's vision of a song adds great value to the composition. I loved the way it was explained to me by Kamal Amrohi. I just closed my eyes, rendered it and conveyed the emotions. One of my favourite Urdu ghazals!"
12. Thaare rahiyo (Pakeezah, 1972). Music: Gulam Mohammed. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"The Rajasthani folk tune attached to the song adds a special charm to it. The way Meena Kumari has enacted it is also memorable. I love this song!"
13. Ajeeb dastan hai yeh (Dil Apna Aur Preet Paraya, 1960). Music: Shankar-Jaikishan. Lyrics: Shailendra
"One of the most beautiful compositions by Shankar-Jaikishan and penned by Shailendra. I love the sound of the saxophone in this song as well."
14. Woh bhooli dastaan (Sanjog, 1961). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Rajinder Krishan
"I love the song, especially since its lyrics are so beautiful."
15. Tere bina zindagi (Aandhi, 1975). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Gulzar
"Stunning picturisation and such appealing lyrics! RD Burman's music and Sanjeev Kumar's dialogues add a wonderful dimension to the song. And of course, Kishoreda and I also rendered it with our heart and soul."
16. Dikhayee diyen (Bazaar, 1982). Music: Khayyam. Lyrics: Mir Taqi Mir
"This is one ghazal by Mir that is closest to my heart. Khayyam sahab's music only makes it better."
17. Bada natkhat hai (Amar Prem, 1972). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Anand Bakshi
"People say this is one of my most touching songs. I agree. The way it has been picturised brings out a mother's love for her son. And my voice suits Sharmila very well. Not to forget the music by RD Burman, my favourite."
18. O beqarar dil (Kohra, 1964). Music: Hemant Kumar. Lyrics: Kaifi Azmi
"There's an easy sense of suppleness in this number. It's penned by Kaifi saheb, and it's just beautiful."
Silsila
19. Yeh kahaan aa gaye hum (Silsila, 1981). Music: Hariprasad Chaurasia and Shivkumar Sharma. Lyrics: Javed Akhtar
"The lyrics are beautiful! I sang this song with Bachchan saab and it was a challenge to blend my voice with his. I read somewhere that Javed saheb, who wrote the lyrics, felt the line, 'Huyi aur bhi mulayam, meri shyam dhalte dhalte,' couldn't be sung more meaningfully by any singer in the world but me. It's a huge compliment, because the song was very challenging for me to sing."
20. Is duniya mei jina hai toh (Gumnaam, 1965). Music: Shankar-Jaikishan. Lyrics: Hasrat Jaipuri
"I love this breezy carefree song picturised on Helen. I don't usually sing cabaret numbers, so this was interesting to render."
When Asha Bhosle sings, the nation listens. When she strikes an opening note, the whole country sings along.
Whether it's the flirtatious Aaiye meherbaan (Howrah Bridge), the romantic Aage bhi jaane na tu (Waqt), the haunting Mera kuch saamaan (Ijaazat) or even the music albums that she has been part of (the delightful Jaanam Samjha Karo for instance) she has mesmerised generations.
"It is very tough to choose 15-20 songs out of more than seven decades of singing," Bhosle says. "The songs I have chosen are not in any order of preference. For me every song I sing is always like my first song."
Her personal favourites cut across eras, but still evoke the same emotions.
Asha Bhosle's all-time favourites
The iconic singer lists favourite songs that feature her vocals
Asha Bhosle won a National Award for her songs in Umrao Jaan
1. Yeh kya jageh hai doston and In aankhon ki masti ke (Umrao Jaan, 1981). Music: Khayyam. Lyrics: Shahryar
"Jaidevji was originally supposed to compose the music for this film, but later Khayyam saheb took over. Director Muzaffar Ali gave me a novel on Umrao Jaan to read to get into Umrao's frame of mind before we recorded. Everything about this song was so unique. It was sad, haunting and I sung it two notes lower than my usual pitch.
"For In aankhon ki masti ke... Khayyam tried an Indian classical style and we improvised each line with harkats. Rekha added such magic to it."
2. Jhoote naina bole saachi batiyaan (Lekin, 1991). Music: Hridaynath Mangeshkar. Lyrics: Gulzar
"My brother Hridaynath Mangeshkar is a tough taskmaster. He trips you and challenges you with his experimentation with form. We recorded this song late into the night. It is a classical tune beautifully composed and was a challenge to sing. It's also Hemaji's favourite."
3. Kaali ghata chhaye (Sujata, 1959). Music: SD Burman. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"It's a deceptively simple tune. But each line unravelled a new complexity as I discovered. Nutan's simplicity and longing for love heightened the mood of Bimalda's song."
4. Aaiye meherban (Howrah Bridge, 1958). Music: OP Nayyar. Lyrics: Qamar Jalalabadi
"Having the beautiful Madhubala as a diva crooner was half the battle won. OP Nayyar's score was inspired."
5. Shok nazar ki bijliyan (Woh Kaun Thi, 1964). Music: Madan Mohan. Lyrics: Raja Mehdi Ali Khan
"One of the few chartbusters I had with Madan Mohan. I liked the fact that it was picturised at a skating rink."
6. Roz roz aankhon tale (Jeeva, 1986). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Gulzar
"Pancham's biggest misfortune was that his best songs never got their due or were only recognised after his time. I like this song's opening and middle notes."
Asha Bhonsle (Photo credit: Getty Images)
7. Chain se humko kabhi (Pran Jaaye Par Vachan Na Jaaye, 1974). Music: OP Nayyar. Lyrics: SH Bihari
"In sad moments, this song is a balm. I'm always asked for this song at my shows. SH Bihari has told me that the song was a reflection of the pain and turbulence I was going through at that time."
8. Sajna hai mujhe (Saudagar, 1973). Music: Ravindra Jain. Lyrics: Ravindra Jain
"The composition was melodious and also picturised evocatively."
9. Katra katra; Chhoti si kahaani se and Mera kuch saamaan (Ijaazat, 1988). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Gulzar
"Pancham made me use the double voice effect - he made me sing Katra katra twice, one over the other, to get an echo effect. This was much before editing and new forms of dubbing evolved. It was a tough song. Those days, it was all one take. No cut, copy and paste.
At the recording of Mera kuch samaan, Pancham would quarrel with Gulzar over the esoteric lyrics. When I started humming the refrain 'Woh lauta do' Pancham caught on to that catchphrase and composed the tune."
10. Raaz ki baat hai (Dil Hi To Hai, 1963). Music: Roshan. Lyrics: Sahir Ludhianvi
"One of my favourite qawwalis. If I'm not mistaken, Lata didi is also very fond of this song of mine."
11. Tu tu hai wohi (Yeh Waada Raha, 1982). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Gulshan Bawra
"Pancham, Ramesh Behl and I were all one group and we'd discuss music and songs over the choicest khaana-peena. The Yeh Waada Raha songs happened at one such magical moment. I miss those days."
12. Maang mein bharle rang (Mujhe Jeene Do, 1963). Music: Jaidev. Lyrics: Sahir Ludhianvi
"It's a very difficult song to sing, plus it had a sweet tune by Jaidevji."
13. Rang de (Thakshak, 1999). Music: AR Rahman. Lyrics: Mehboob
"It was a difficult song that AR Rahman made me sing. I feel breathless as the lyrics and the tune coil and overlap."
14. Abhi na jao chhod kar (Hum Dono, 1961). Music: Jaidev. Lyrics: Sahir Ludhianvi
"Jaidev's tunes were like him - simple and pure. The aching feeling and the Sadhana-Dev Anand magic only added to the song's appeal. Rafi saab's nuances helped me as a singer too."
Ae babua
15. Ae babua, yeh mahua (Sadma, 1983). Music: Ilayaraja. Lyrics: Gulzar
"I've always enjoyed singing for Ilayaraja for his unusual rhythm pattern. I didn't realise this would turn into such a sensual song. It's picturised with Kamal Haasan and Silk Smitha. It's just Wow!"
16. Ambar ki ek pakh surahi (Kadambari, 1976). Music: Vilayat Ali Khan. Lyrics: Amrita Pritam
"This song by Ustad Vilayat Khan was mellow and had a lot of harkats. It was emotionally enriching."
17. Dum maro dum (Hare Rama Hare Krishna, 1972). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Anand Bakshi
"Sachin Dev Burman didn't want to compose for this film because it dealt with drugs and hippies, so Pancham took over. He gave the iconic Dum maro dum some really enchanting bass and harkats."
18. Chura liya hai (Yaadon Ki Baraat, 1973). Music: RD Burman. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"One of the most requested songs at all my shows. There's something really tender and love-struck about Pancham's lilting tune."
19. Raat akeli hai (Jewel Thief, 1967). Music: SD Burman. Lyrics: Majrooh Sultanpuri
"Dada wanted me to sing seductively and end the song with the high note, almost like a child whispering into her mother's ears and then escalating the vocals to a high pitch at the last minute. Dada was thrilled to bits."
From HT Brunch, September 1
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

HTC confident of grabbing 10 per cent market share in India by 2015Sep 28, 2014 at 12:31pm IST
HTC confident of grabbing 10 per cent market share in India by 2015
23
3
New Delhi: Smartphone maker HTC is confident of attaining 10 per cent market share in India by 2015 in terms of volume.
"Our internal estimate shows that HTC sales volume in India has tripled. As per our assessment, we now have 5 per cent market share. It will reach 7 per cent in fourth quarter and comfortably 10 per cent in 2015," HTC Chief Financial Officer and President of Global Sales Chiang-Lin Chang told PTI in an interview.
HTC is getting maximum business from smartphones priced in the range of Rs 15,000 to Rs 30,000 in the country. The company earlier this year launched its first handset at a price below Rs 10,000 in the form of HTC Desire 210. Chang said he has seen that the brand preference for HTC is on the upswing in India.
HTC is getting maximum business from smartphones priced in the range of Rs 15,000 to Rs 30,000 in India.
"We will now expand our offerings across various price tiers. We will increase our focus on investments on brand and retail coverage," he said.
An HTC India executive said the company has increased it service and collection points across 200 cities.
As per market research firm IDC, Samsung led the Indian smartphone market share with 29 per cent market share in second quarter of 2014. Micromax had 18 per cent, Karbonn 8 per cent and Lava 6 per cent. Motorola which re-entered Indian market early this year clocked 5 per cent market share.
Other brands jointly accounted for 34 per cent market share. The report did not disclose HTC with its standalone market share in Indian smartphone segment.
5

India Inc hiring outlook promising for Q3  FY15: SurveyIndia Inc hiring outlook promising for Q3, FY15: Survey
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 11:42 AM IST
The next three months are likely to favour job aspirants, with 81% of the Indian employers predicting a robust hiring activity, says a survey.
According to a survey by MyHiringClub.Com, the nation's net employment outlook -- an indicator of recruitment intentions -- stands at 44% for October-December period of current fiscal 2014-15, representing favourable opportunities for job seekers.
The outlook has improved by a moderate two percentage points on quarter-over-quarter basis as well as year-on year.
As per the findings, of the 5,700 public and private employers surveyed, a majority (81%) have predicted an increase in headcount for the third quarter of fiscal 2014-15, the report said.
"Job seekers will be going to get more opportunities as our study shows the India's employment markets will experience positive hiring activity compared to Q3, FY'14 and Q2, FY'15," MyHiringClub.Com & FlikJobs.Com CEO Rajesh Kumar said.
"The good news is that many markets appear to be heading in the right direction," Kumar added.
Sector-wise, seven of the nine industries surveyed have positive hiring prospects, with employment in infrastructure and the retail sector projected to be most promising with improvement of 12 and 8 percentage points respectively, year-on-year.
The strongest hiring prospects are reported in the IT & ITeS sector with a Net Employment Outlook of 47%.
This sector is followed by Banking & Financial Services sector (45%), FMCG/FMCD (41%), Infrastructure sector (40%), Automobile & Manufacturing (39%), Retail (37%).
The weakest sectors were Real Estate (36%), Telecom (36%) and Hospitality (32%).
A region-wise study of employers in all four regions -- North, South, East and West -- predicted a strong employment market for the third quarter of FY'15, with the most optimistic forecast for the Southern parts of the country.
The net employment outlook for the South stood at 29% for the next three months. Outlooks for the North, West and East are 27%, 26% and 18%, respectively.

Karunanidhi  Stalin booked for clash between DMK  AIADMK workersKarunanidhi, Stalin booked for clash between DMK, AIADMK workers
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 28:  
FIRs have been filed against DMK President M Karunanidhi and his son and party Treasurer M K Stalin in connection with a clash between their supporters and AIADMK workers in the wake of the conviction of Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa in the assets case.
Three FIRs were filed at the Royapettah Police Station against the two and several others here last night based on complaints by some AIADMK workers, who alleged that a group of DMK workers attacked them with ‘deadly weapons’ near Karunanidhi’s Gopalapuram residence here, police said.
The FIRs were filed under IPC Sections 147 (Punishment for Rioting), 148 (Rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 324 (Voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means), 336 (Act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 506/2 (Punishment for criminal intimidation), they said.
The clash took place when AIADMK workers protested against the DMK and its leaders, alleging that it was their act of ‘foisting’ the illegal Rs 66.65-crore assets case that led to the conviction of Jayalalithaa by a Bangalore special court yesterday.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

NDMC launches initiatives as part of Swachh Bharat campaignNDMC launches initiatives as part of Swachh Bharat campaign
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 28:  
School children offering flowers to people found littering during a cleanliness awareness rally was among a series of programmes launched today by the NDMC as part of Prime Minister’s ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign.
A group of students of schools under the New Delhi Municipal Council along with 40 security guards of the civic body took part in the rally flagged off in Connaught Place by Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan early this morning.
People caught throwing waste in open, spitting, etc were given flowers with a message to stop doing it in future.
NDMC officials said the idea was taken from Bollywood movie ‘Lage Raho Munnabhai’ and thus the event was called ’Gandhigiri’
The rally was carried out as part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan or Clean India campaign, a mass movement aimed at cleaning the country which will be officially launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2.
On October 2, Modi will visit Valmiki Sadan, which is under the jurisdiction of NDMC, to inaugurate a modern toilet block there.
Modi, who will come to the area after the programme at Rajghat, will also sweep the road leading to Valmiki Sadan to set an example, the officials said.
Union Ministers Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari will also participate in the campaign and visit two jhuggi clusters in Kali Bari Marg.
The civic body has also created a Facebook page, ’hohoshameshame’ and has asked the people to post photographs of all those littering or urinating at public places, NDMC chairperson Jalaj Shrivastava said, adding, best photograph of the day will be selected and the sender will be rewarded.
Indian mountaineer Santosh Yadav, who is the first woman to climb Mount Everest twice, has agreed to be the brand ambassador for the campaign, Shrivastava said.
The chairman has also issued an appeal to the Resident Welfare Associations, traders associations, and market associations to make the cleanliness drive a success.
Nukkad and cycle rallies are also being organised by the NDMC staff.
The drive includes sweeping and cleaning, removal of garbage, debris, horticulture waste, unauthorised encroachments from the main roads, side lanes, and all of the main markets and residential places.
The workers have also started fogging the residential areas in the NDMC limits.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Jaya convicted  DMK in tatters; BJP could be the biggest gainer in TNTamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa’s conviction in the disproportionate assets case may turn out to be a watershed in Dravidian politics.
 
With Assembly elections just one-and-half years away, the AIADMK has little time to recoup from this huge setback.
 
Principal opposition DMK, too, is in total disarray with ageing party patriarch M Karunanidhi reportedly battling ill health, daggers drawn between his sons MK Stalin and MK Alagiri and daughter Kanimozhi and other prominent party faces embroiled in alleged scams.
 
It may be a big opportunity for national parties like the BJP and the Congress to end the five-decade-long dominance of Dravidian parties in Tamil Nadu politics — M Bakthavatsalam having been the last Congress chief minister of then Madras province way back in 1967.
Read: AIADMK govt safe, but Amma staring at 10-year exile
National parties have been playing second fiddle to Dravidian parties since then.
With its support and organisational bases still intact in certain pockets of the state, the Congress has managed to be relevant in state politics often playing the king-maker’s role.
 
But, the faction-riven party is fast losing its hold with top leaders from the state having gone into a shell after the Lok Sabha elections.
 
That has opened up a huge opportunity for the BJP, which made its presence felt in the last Lok Sabha elections — securing 5.48% vote share as against 2.34% in 2009 — even though the party contested only nine constituencies.
 Smaller regional parties are also set to play a bigger role in 2016 and with Modi at the helm of affairs in New Delhi, they are likely to stick with the BJP.
 
Hamstrung by the absence of a mass leader or a popular face in the state, the BJP is reportedly wooing Rajinikanth who has remained disinclined so far.
 
Immediately after Jayalalithaa’s conviction, the party leadership remained guarded with state in-charge Muralidhar Rao quipping to HT, “It’s too early to say anything.”

Pranab Mukherjee clears imposition of President s Rule in Maharashtra: sourcesmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

China busts smugglers of iPhone 6 in Shanghai...and
versions
BEIJING (AP) — China in recent days has busted a slew of smugglers bringing Apple iPhone 6 models into the country ahead of their official release here, with officials on Sunday reporting the latest seizure of 453 smartphones in Shanghai.
Hundreds more were seized during three separate busts Thursday through Saturday in Hong Kong, including from men with a speedboat who were loading contraband onto a wooden sampan-style boat in a mangrove, the official Xinhua News Agency said.
The latest seizure was from the luggage of two passengers arriving at the Shanghai airport from Tokyo, one of them Chinese and one of them Japanese, a woman at the Shanghai customs agency said, confirming state media reports. She said hundreds more have been confiscated individually from passengers who did not declare them.
Apple delayed its original plans to introduce the iPhone 6 in China this month, but did not comment on reports that it still hadn't received Chinese regulatory approval. The already-thriving black market for the phones in China, where Apple competes with less-expensive alternatives from local powerhouse Xiaomi, plus Lenovo and Samsung, has drawn a rebuke in Chinese state media.
The Global Times said in an editorial Friday that the frenzy over iPhone 6 — including a scuffle among Chinese nationals queuing up at an Apple store in the U.S. — was making China "lose face." It said iPhones apparently were hip, but that buyer's shouldn't buy into their marketing hype. "Please show that you despise those who already have the iPhone 6," the editorial read.
Apple became a target of state media critiques in March 2013 over alleged unfairness when it was reported that, under its warranty policy, it was fixing internal components of faulty iPhones in China while elsewhere it was replacing the entire phone. Apple later clarified that it would be replacing handsets in China and apologized about the concerns, and the furor subsided.

California protesters block Israeli-owned ship... 
September 28, 2014 03:35 AM EST | Associated Press
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Officials say a group of pro-Palestinian protesters are again blocking an Israeli-owned ship from unloading its cargo at a port in California.
International Longshore and Warehouse Union spokesman Craig Merrilees says dockworkers at the Port of Oakland did not unload cargo from the ZIM Shanghai on Saturday because of safety concerns raised by the presence of police and protesters.
He said the protesters blocked workers from driving into the terminal during their morning and evening shifts.
The protesters are demonstrating in response to recent Israeli military action in the Gaza Strip.
Last month, protesters blocked cargo from unloading off the ZIM Piraeus for nearly five days before the ship apparently departed to Los Angeles with a partial load.
An email message to a ZIM representative has not been returned.

Vijayakanth requests TN Governor to ensure law and order in StateVijayakanth requests TN Governor to ensure law and order in State
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 28:  
The Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam chief Vijayakanth represented to the Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah to help ensure law and order in the State.
Vijayakanth said in the representation to the Governor this morning that following the conviction of Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa by a special court in Bangalore on Saturday on charges of corruption, there have been sporadic instances of violence across the State as supporters of the ruling party, the AIADMK, took to the streets demonstrating against the verdict.
Vijayakanth, while welcoming the court’s decision, said the protestors have disrupted public transport services and destroyed public property. Opposition party leaders and their houses are being targeted, he said.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

PM Narendra Modi catches up with neighbours  follows up on earlier meetingsPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shaking hands with Nepalese counterpart Sushil Koirala at a meeting in New York, US on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:31 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 1:27 am
For the second time since he assumed office, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had meetings with SAARC leaders, this time on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly on Saturday.
READ: PM Narendra Modi calls for world peace at Global Citizen Festival in NY
Sri Lanka’s President Mahinda Rajapaksa and Nepal’s Prime Minister Sushil Koirala met with Modi for over 30 minutes each. Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh, who had been unable to attend Modi’s swearing-in in May, also met the Prime Minister.
There was no meeting with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan. The press briefing after the three bilateral meetings made it clear that Modi was keen to follow up on the agenda he has been discussing with foreign leaders so far – and that this was being done in New Delhi at the level of the Cabinet Secretary.
ALSO READ: Prime Minister Narendra Modi at UNGA: No talks with Pak in ‘shadow of terror’
The PM discussed both the Teesta river water-sharing agreement and the land boundary agreement during his meeting with Hasina. He assured her that the new Standing Committee was in the process of examining the land boundary agreement, and that progress would be swift.
He also told Hasina that until a “consensus” was reached between the two neighbours, the water of the Teesta would flow unimpeded into her country. The Modi-Rajapaksa meeting did a review of India-aided development projects, including the Sampur thermal power project, for which environmental clearances are now being processed.
READ: Narendra Modi’s visit to mark new era in Indo-US relations: Frank Islam
The two leaders are understood to have discussed at length the complex issue of fishermen, 76 of whom are currently in Sri Lankan custody. The two sides are said to have agreed on the need to find a “long  term” solution to the problem.
With Koirala, Modi reviewed the two major bilateral projects discussed during their talks in Kathmandu: the power trading, and power development, agreements. The Nepal Prime Minister was informed that while one of the agreements had already been “initialed” in New Delhi, the other was in the final stage of implementation. Possible Indian logistic support for the SAARC summit in Kathmandu in November was also discussed.
READ MORE:  Why G-5, G-20 and so on? asks Modi, Let’s have G-All
In keeping with Modi’s diplomatic principle of “neighbours first”, he accepted invitations to visit Sri Lanka and Bangladesh “at an early date”, and assured Koirala that he would visit Janakpur and Lumbini on his next visit to that country. During these interactions, Modi is understood to have been congratulated by the South Asian leaders on India’s successful Mars mission, who also continued…

Tamil Nadu limps back to normalcyAngry protesters forced closure of shops and pelted stones at several places in the state on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:28 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 3:29 pm
Normalcy was returning to Tamil Nadu on Sunday, a day after sporadic violence erupted in several parts of the state in the wake of Chief Minister Jayalalithaa’s conviction in the disproportionate assets case.
Bus services, suspended in many parts of the state, were being resumed in a phased manner while commercial establishments, including hotels and shops, were open in Chennai and elsewhere.
Police said no major untoward incident was reported in the state on Sunday, which saw angry protesters forcing closure of shops, pelting stones and torching of vehicles in some places on Saturday prompting the Union Home Ministry to ask the state government to maintain law and order.
However, inter-state bus services to Bangalore remained suspended.
A Madurai report said normalcy returned to the temple town and most parts of ten southern districts, where the AIADMK has a strong base.
Police said bus services had been resumed in most places of the southern districts and no untoward incident had been reported so far.
Police had been posted at vulnerable places and patrol had been increased to monitor the situation in and and around the city and rural areas.
However, in some towns, including Sivaganga, only 50 per cent of the bus services had been resumed, and shops in some places remained closed.
Though the situation was tense, it was under control, police said and expressed hope of full normalcy by late evening.
Reports from Theni, Dindigul, Ramanathapuram, Virudhunagar said normalcy had returned in most of the places though the shops remained closed in a few localities.
In Srirangam, the assembly constituency of Jayalalithaa, shops were opened from this morning. However, private bus operators were hesitating to operate their service while autorickshaws too remained off the roads in most parts of the town.
In pilgrim town of Rameswaram, bus services from the island to other places remained suspended.
In Theni, transport department officials said they would operate buses once clearance was given by the police.
In neighbouring union territory of Puducherry, state-run buses to Tamil Nadu plied as usual while private operators kept off the roads.
The violence in Tamil Nadu hit week-end tourists flow to Puducherry which presented a deserted look although shops and
hotels were open.
Police pickets had been posted at all vantage points and traffic junctions.
Jayalalithaa was handed down four year simple prison term and Rs 100 crore fine by the special court in Bangalore in a verdict that sent shock waves among AIADMK cadres.
Her close associate N Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who are the other accused in the case were also given four-year prison term and slapped a fine of Rs 10 crore each.

Gautam Adani among those who watched Narendra Modi at UN General AssemblyWritten by Ritu Sarin | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:25 pm
Adani appears
Spotted among those frequently going up from the foyer of the New York Palace Hotel to the floor where the Prime Minister and his delegation are staying, was businessman Gautam Adani, who also heard Narendra Modi’s address to the UNGA. Adani told The Indian Express that RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani too was expected in New York, and that both of them would attend the business conclave at which top American CEOs would be present.
 
Twitter followers
At their 45-minute meeting on Saturday, the PM and Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey are said to have discussed social media and its indispensability to good governance. Modi described his social media election campaign in detail to Christie, and the two are now following each other on Twitter.
English evening
The Prime Minister spoke in English at Central Park, a decision guided by the fact that almost the entire crowd of 60,000 was made up of young students and teenagers. He had the aid of a teleprompter, but Modi digressed from the prepared text to make several impromptu observations.
Yes, Yoga!
South Asian leaders who met the PM on Saturday, President Mahinda Rajapaksa and Prime Ministers Sheikh Hasina and Sushil Koirala, have endorsed the suggestion, made by Modi in his speech, to have an International Yoga Day. The MEA spokesperson later spoke about the initiative as a “goal” and “international objective” for which India would prepare over the next year.

AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa to move Karnataka High Court for bailFile photo of AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa whom a special court convicted in a disproportionate asset case in Bengaluru on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore/chennai | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:24 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 5:38 pm
Lawyers representing jailed AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa will move the Karnataka High Court on Monday for bail while they were also finalising a strategy for seeking a stay on her conviction and sentence in the disproportionate assets case.
On Jayalalithaa’s bail, B Kumar, Senior Counsel for the 66-year-old leader said, said “we will be filing a bail application in the Karnataka High Court tomorrow”.
Also read: Tamil Nadu limps back to normalcy
But it may be taken up only on Tuesday when there is a scheduled hearing by a vacation bench because the high court will observe holidays from September 29 to August 6 for Dasara.
A battery of lawyers were giving final touches to their legal strategy in seeking immediate relief for Jayalalithaa, who has been convicted by Special Judge John Michael D’Cunha and sentenced to four years imprisonment in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case.
Also Read: Karunanidhi, Stalin booked for clash between DMK-AIADMK workers
Since the sentencing was for a period more than three years, only the high court can grant bail in Jayalalithaa’s case.
Kumar said a team of lawyers were holding discussions on filing a petition seeking stay of conviction and also the sentence awarded to Jayalalithaa in the 18-year old case.
The criminal revision petition is one of the options before the lawyers who would like to secure an immediate stay on the conviction and the sentencing.
A stay on the conviction, which superior courts are said to be normally reluctant to grant in a corruption case, would nullify the disqualification as MLA which the AIADMK leader has suffered with Saturday’s judgement.
ALSO Read: AIADMK MLAs likely to meet, choose new Chief Minister
Unless the conviction is overturned by a superior court, Jayalalithaa runs the risk of being barred from contesting elections for 10 years — four years when she is in jail and six years after release.
Under a Supreme Court judgement of last year, any MLA or MP would stand automatically disqualified if he or she is convicted and sentenced to an imprisonment of a period not less than two years.
Before this judgement, Section 8(4) of the Representation of People Act, which was stuck down by the Supreme Court, protected an elected representative from disqualification if they appeal before a higher court within three months.
In a rare case, the Supreme Court had stayed the conviction by the Punjab and Haryana High Court of culpable homicide in a case involving former cricketer Navjot Singh Sidhu.
The advocates representing Jayalalithaa have secured the copy of the judgement delivered by the special Court on Saturday which also imposed a staggering fine of Rs 100 crore.
The Court also found guilty three others — Jayalalithaa’s close associate Sasikala her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who were handed four year jail term and a fine of Rs 10 crore each.

Time for two nations to focus on economics and defenceIndia and the US often disagree on geopolitics but it makes sense to focus on areas of convergence like economics and defence.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By: Sreeram Chaulia
Prime minister Narendra Modi's maiden official visit to the US from September 26-30 is driven by a vision to reset a crucial bilateral relationship in a positive direction. The drift in India's interactions with the US in the past few years due to commercial and strategic dissonance can be offset through bold and transformative political will at the top.
Americans of different hues in government and in the private sector realize that Modi, with a charismatic hold over his nation and a system-revamping pedigree, is their best bet to realize the potential of India which had gone amiss during the past five years. His promise of a qualitatively new India with more attractive set of domestic and foreign policies provides the perfect setting for the two nations to rediscover the sweet spots and arrest the souring.
In National Interest
Although some observers speculated that Modi would be wary of America due to its denial of a visa to him while he was chief minister of Gujarat, he is not a mean politician who lets personal grudges supersede national interests. Fareed Zakaria of CNN wrote in The Washington Post after interviewing Modi that the latter is "straightforwardly pro-American and seems to harbour little ill toward Washington."
The PM's travels in America during the 1990s as a Hindutva mobiliser among overseas Indians an advantageous edge in the context of the wide scope of his current visit. Apart from the summit with US president Barack Obama , the breadth of interlocuters Modi is meeting on this tour ranges from mayors and governors of American cities and states, CEOs of blue chip American companies to the main backbone of the bilateral ties — prominent Indian Americans.
The itinerary reminds us that the phrase "world's two largest democracies" is no empty shibboleth.
Like Obama, Modi revels in non-official or popular diplomacy in the company of foreign corporates, scientists, think tanks, lobbying organizations and average citizens. Established democracies like the US have developed private spheres which cement genuine people-to-people relations with India. Modi's wooing and wowing of USA Incorporated and the American people will cement the empathy between our two societies by reinforcing the impression that "we" Americans are so much like "them" Indians.
This streak of mutual inter-societal admiration and the common language of democracy produces consistent votaries for ironing out the creases that keep emerging at the official government-government level. The plethora of opinion makers on both sides wishing for a rejuvenation of US-India ties speaks volumes for how two democracies can cultivate 'thick' relations.
Modi being Modi, the number one onus during his American sojourn is to court US investors to return to India. Since the global economic crisis started in 2008 and slowed down India's GDP growth, American FDI into India has fallen from $1.3 billion per annum to merely $478 million in 2013. Smaller economies like Singapore, Japan, the UK, Netherlands and France are presently bigger investors in India than the US. Grievances against India's red tape, unfriendliness to foreign capital, stringent liability laws, taxation policies, local content requirements, intellectual property violations, land and labour regulations have scared away American investors and traders.
Page 1 of 2

China lists industries to free up in Shanghai zone...and
versions
BEIJING (AP) — China has announced the lifting of restrictions on foreign investment for several industries, from green tea to civil airplane engines, in a special free trade zone in the business hub of Shanghai.
The new rules affect 27 industries, also including automobiles and infrastructure, and represent a mix of concessions over the rules that apply elsewhere on the mainland.
China's State Council says some of the limits on industry investment by foreign companies in joint ventures with Chinese firms will go from 49 percent to 51 percent or greater, including in the shipping industry.
In some other industries, such as companies developing high-speed rail technology, yachts and luxury liners, sole foreign ownership will be allowed in the Shanghai zone, whereas elsewhere in China the firms must have a local partner.

Blog: The Madison Sqaure Garden flavourSearch for:
The Madison Square Garden flavour
5
 
MUMBAI: For those going to New York City for the first time to hear Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech, one bit of direction might help – Madison Square Garden, the indoor arena that has been sold out for the event, is not actually at Madison Square.
The Square is where Fifth Avenue intersects Broadway at 23rd Street, but the Garden, as the venue is now referred to (MSG presumably too redolent of Chinese take-away) is further north between Seventh and Eighth Avenues and 31st to 33rd Streets. It stands on top of Pennyslvania Station, on the site of what used to be one of the city’s grandest old stations. This was demolished in 1963 for the new structure, a move so controversial that it lead to passage of the city’s architectural preservation laws.
This was the fourth version of the Garden. Its location might change, but the brand stays the same, now indelibly linked with the most extravagant and excessive displays. Which would please the man who started it 140 years ago: PT Barnum, the impresario who invented the modern public spectacle staged for profit. He took over an abandoned railway station and built the “Great Roman Hippodrome”, the name an acknowledgement to the ancient masters of spectacle.
The space was used for circus displays, concerts, beauty pageants, sports events and the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, which is still held, one of the oldest continuously run sporting events and one which has faithfully followed the Garden across the city. But it was roofless and finally it was decided to demolish it and build a covered venue. A syndicate including the financier JP Morgan, Andrew Carnegie and Barnum spent half a million dollars for an extravagant structure that opened in 1890.
It was a building suited to turn of the century United States of America, a country waking up to its brash power. It staged balls and boxing matches, political conventions and professional football. In 1898, Nikola Tesla used it for the first public demonstration of an invention that might be of interest to our PM – wireless remote control.
The second Garden became notorious when its architect was killed in his apartment there by the husband of an actress he had seduced. But for all its fame it didn’t make enough money and in 1926 the property’s owner, New York Life Insurance decided to demolish it and build its own headquarters.
The Garden now abandoned Madison Square and moved further north. Unlike the earlier building this was a simple structure, focussed on the events it ran. And it kicked off with a particularly energetic one – a six day bicycle race in which participants tried to cycle non-stop around a track for as long as they could without collapsing. It was an insane event, close to organised cruelty, which was soon modified to allow relay racers. In this form it became popular enough to be called Madison racing, which became an Olympic event, until it was removed in the London games.
The third Garden became famous not just for the events it carried, but for how fast it could turn around the space for new shows. In 1950 the Times of India even carried a long article on how the Garden managed to “convert basketball to boxing in a few hours and a sports arena into a gala theatrical display just as quickly.”
The article quoted the building superintendent describing how his team created a snow covered hill for indoor skiing in just 33 hours, and in its tightest squeeze ever shifted from ice-skating rink to basketball court in three and a half hours.
Marilyn Monroe had a strong association with the third Garden. She rode an elephant into the arena for the launch of the film Around the World in 80 Days in 1957, and five years later sang ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ to John F.Kennedy in a dress so tight that she had to be sewn into it, which is said to have had quite an effect on the President. The Garden was big business, wrote ToI: “Clients hiring it are hustled in, and out at the rate of $4000 to $10,000 a day.” But already its successor was envisaged – the article ended by noting that the fourth Garden was being planned at a cost of $20,000,000.
It would actually take 14 years from then, and the venue that came up is where Modi will speak. The fourth Garden is no stranger to sub-continental issues. This is where George Harrison held his Concert for Bangladesh in 1971 which drew attention to the disaster unfolding in East Pakistan – and did more than anything else to make the world aware of the soon to be new nation. That was a rare example of one of the Garden’s mainstays, musical events, combining with something political.
The venue has held other political events, like national party conventions and events for visiting politicians like Modi. But its mainstay is sports, concerts and now comedy events as well. The Garden’s website, in fact, features the comedian Aziz Ansari, born in the USA to Muslim parents from Tamil Nadu, who on October 9th will have a big event at the Garden. Perhaps he might mention the other person of South Asian descent who filled the venue less than two weeks before.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Let VIPs move around underground  to avoid grounding rest of usLet VIPs move around underground, to avoid grounding the rest of us
ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 03.13AM IST
(City dwellers in India increasingly…)
US President Barack Obama's offer to the pregnant Chelsea Clinton to use his official motorcade in case she needed to get to the hospital while he was in the UN general assembly was not entirely facetious. As Manhattan is gridlocked when he is in town thanks to the security drill, that would probably have been the only viable option for any speedy emergency journey. City dwellers in India increasingly face the same predicament, as more and more peripatetic important personages cause interminable delays. So, the proposal for a tunnel from the VIP area of New Delhi to the airport on the city's outskirts is a capital idea. In fact, in view of the increased security concerns for all kinds of 'important people', it may be worth their while to have such tunnels in every state capital as well.
In terms of the time, fuel and man-hours saved, a whole series of VIP tunnels would be well worth the probably astronomical cost. If it saves them the trauma of being stuck for hours in VIP movement-related jams — which last long after the aforementioned personage has sailed by — the Indian taxpayer may actually be happy about her contribution being spent thus. Even the tunnel-boring machines now engaged in furthering mass rapid transport systems would probably be gratified to be elevated to VIP duty....
FEATURED ARTICLES

How iPhone apps could impact your insuranceHow iPhone apps could impact your insurance
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole September 29, 2014: 1:09 PM ET
Apple's new Health app in action.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The life insurance industry may have a new tool to help determine rates for customers: the iPhone.
As part of Apple's ( AAPL , Tech30 ) new mobile operating system, developers can build apps that measure things like heart rate, sleep, weight and blood pressure. If users choose to do so, they can then send that information to doctors for medical advice.
Health insurers, which are barred by Obamacare from denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions, can't base their decisions on this kind of information. But the situation is different for life insurers, who use medical records to make decisions about the relative risks of prospective customers. If you've sent your doctor health information via an app, it could be among the records that face scrutiny.
"If I'm an insurance company, I'd want access to everything, all the data points, so I can make an informed business decision," said Bradley Shear, a lawyer who works on digital privacy issues.
Related: Apple fixes software bug in iPhone 6
Life insurers take all kinds of information into account as they make policy decisions: age, medical history, occupation, and whether you're a smoker, just to name a few. Whether and how health app data might figure into these decisions remains an open question.
"We don't traffic in hypotheticals," said Jack Dolan, a spokesman for the American Council of Life Insurers. "We have to underwrite using reliable information and sound actuarial principles."
But it's not hard to imagine how data like weight and blood pressure could figure into these calculations.
"If you lose a lot of weight in a short period of time, that may be an indication that you've got a health condition," Shear said.
Apple did not respond to requests for comment.
 
How China's iPhone 6 black market works
The insurance industry has already found ways of using tracking data in other contexts.
So-called " usage-based insurance ," for example, is a fast-growing segment of the auto insurance market. With UBI, drivers agree to install devices from insurers that measure things like location, speed, miles driven and airbag deployment to help calculate rates.
There's also the possibility of health information being sought by plaintiffs in civil cases. Location data from toll tags like E-ZPass, for example, has previously been used in divorce proceedings .
Related: 6 things to love -- and hate -- about the iPhone 6
Of course, none of this means that you shouldn't share digital health information with your doctor, or that the information will be shared without your consent. But it's one more issue to be mindful of as more and more of our lives are tracked online.
"Doctors want this information, patients want this information and we're seeing safeguards put in place to show consumers how and when that information becomes part of your medical record," said Gerard Stegmaier, a privacy expert with the law firm Goodwin Procter. "It's a brave new world where we're going to have to figure things out as we go along."
First Published: September 26, 2014: 6:11 PM ET
Most Popular

Ruble s plunge shows Russia hurtingRuble's headlong plunge shows Russia hurting
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 26, 2014: 1:50 PM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
If you want a measure of the price Russia is paying for the Ukraine crisis, look no further than its free-falling currency.
The ruble fell another 1.6% against the U.S. dollar Friday, extending a slump that has wiped nearly 16% off its value since the start of the year.
Many emerging market currencies have tumbled this month as investors brace for higher interest rates in the U.S., which make the dollar more attractive.
But the ruble has been one of the worst performers . A ceasefire agreement between Ukraine and Russia-backed rebels signed last month appears to be holding, so why is the currency back on the skids?
Freezing assets: The Russian parliament is reportedly discussing a draft law that would allow courts to confiscate assets of foreign investors. That is only likely to accelerate the exodus of capital that saw $75 billion flee Russia in the first six months of the year -- more than in the whole of 2013.
And in a stark reminder of the risks of doing business in Russia, the state has turned on one of its own. State prosecutors on Friday seized an oil company belonging to one of the country's leading oligarchs, Vladimir Evtushenkov.
He was placed under house arrest last week and charged with money laundering when his holding company -- Sistema -- bought the Bashneft oil firm in 2009.
Sistema shares plunged 23% in London. Sistema, which has denied any wrongdoing, said it was "clarifying the situation."
The case has echos of the Yukos affair a decade ago, when Mikhail Khodorkovsky was thrown in jail and forced to sell most of his oil company to state energy giant Rosneft.
Related: 10 Western companies getting slammed in Russia
Lasting damage: Russia's oil-dependent economy was already slowing down before Moscow's annexation of Crimea, and its support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine prompted the West to impose successive rounds of ever tougher sanctions .
The measures are aimed at restricting Russia's access to Western finance, advanced energy technology and services, and arms. Russia's biggest banks, energy companies and a handful of businessmen close to President Vladimir Putin have been targeted.
 
Russia slapped with more sanctions
The chill in relations with key trading partners is damaging investment, and consumers are hurting from rising prices after Russia banned the import of many Western foodstuffs.
Russia's $2 trillion-a-year economy stalled in the first six months, and a new forecast from the World Bank predicts lasting damage for several years to come.
In a report published this week, it forecast growth of just 0.5% in 2014 and 0.3% in 2015. And the picture barely improves in 2016, according to its baseline forecast. A more pessimistic scenario foresees the Russian economy slipping into recession this year and contracting further in 2015 and 2016.
First Published: September 26, 2014: 10:03 AM ET
Most Popular

Investor wants Marissa Mayer s Yahoo to buy AOLBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz September 26, 2014: 5:33 PM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Marissa Mayer better not offer too many breadsticks at Yahoo's corporate cafeteria.
Starboard Value, the same hedge fund that has been criticizing Olive Garden owner Darden Restaurants ( DRI ) for its food, released a letter to Mayer and Yahoo's board saying that it had acquired a significant stake in Yahoo and wants the company to do a strategic deal with rival AOL ( AOL , Tech30 ).
Shares of Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) shot up more than 4% Friday after the letter's release. AOL's stock rose more than 3.5% on the news as well.
Mayer said in a press release that Yahoo will review Starboard's letter and that it "looks forward" to discussing it with the hedge fund. She added that Yahoo has "great confidence in the strength" of its business and that the company will give an update about how it plans to use some of its capital during a conference call following its third quarter earnings report in October.
AOL declined to comment.
Starboard was also not available to comment about exactly how big of a stake it owns in Yahoo. It has not yet made a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission to disclose its position.
Related: Alibaba surges on its first day of trading
Speculation about a Yahoo-AOL merger has been around for years -- pretty much since AOL was spun off from CNNMoney parent company Time Warner ( TWX ) in 2009. The chatter picked up steam once Mayer joined Yahoo from Google since AOL CEO Tim Armstrong is also a Google veteran.
The rumors surfaced again last week as Yahoo prepared to cash in on part of its stake in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba. Yahoo is estimated to have raised more than $5 billion after taxes from selling some of its Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 ) stock. AOL is worth about $3.5 billion.
Shares of Yahoo have underperformed compared to other big techs this year. The stock is flat despite a decent rally in anticipation of the Alibaba IPO.
Starboard said in its letter that it feels Yahoo's core business is "deeply undervalued" and that the company would be better off selling the rest of its Alibaba stake as well as an investment in Yahoo Japan in a tax-efficient manner.
As for an AOL deal, Starboard estimates there could be $1 billion in cost savings through a combination of the two companies.
Starboard already has a contentious history with AOL. The hedge fund pushed AOL to make strategic changes back in 2012 and even tried to nominate its own candidates to AOL's board. That effort failed and Starboard wound up selling its stake in AOL as a result.
Starboard added that it felt Yahoo and AOL together could "more successfully navigate the ongoing industry changes" and increase revenue.
Those industry changes include a dramatic shift to mobile for online content and an increased emphasis on video and social media. Both AOL and Yahoo have had a tough time competing against Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ), Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) in the battle for online ad dollars over the past few years.
Still, even though a deal between Yahoo and AOL might make sense since both companies have been building up their news operations lately, many analysts say that merging them would do little to make them more of a threat to Google and Facebook.
And while Mayer has made numerous acquisitions of startups since she joined Yahoo in 2012, most notably of blogging site Tumblr, an AOL purchase would be a very ambitious deal.
Starboard said that many of the purchases made on Mayer's watch have "failed to deliver material revenue growth." The hedge fund also said Yahoo would be better off "halting the current aggressive acquisition spree."
Although it does seem odd that Starboard's answer to ending Mayer's M&A binge is for her to do an even bigger deal.
First Published: September 26, 2014: 1:16 PM ET
Most Popular

A (sort of) defense of South Carolina state trooper Sean GroubertBy Radley Balko September 26 Follow @radleybalko
By now you’ve probably seen the video below, which shows former South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert shooting Levar Jones after pulling him over for a seatbelt violation. Groubert asked Jones to show his license, then opened fire when Jones ducked into his truck to retrieve it. Groubert has since been fired, and now faces felony assault charges that could bring a 20-year prison sentence.
Let’s first state the obvious: This shooting was completely and utterly without justification. Jones did nothing wrong. He was pulled over because of a dumb law, did what he was told, and was subsequently shot for it. Groubert should never be a police officer again. Both he and the state of South Carolina should not only pay Jones’ medical bills, but a substantial sum of money for Jones’ pain and suffering.
All of that said, watch the video again. Does Groubert look like a cold-blooded killer? I doubt he got out of his car intending to shoot Jones. It looks more like Groubert was terrified, possibly jumped to some conclusions about Jones based on his race and appearance, and reacted out of fear. Which is to say that this looks less like a rogue cop and more the product of poor training, possible racial bias, and a cop who has been conditioned to see threats where none exist.
When cops are caught on video administering an extended beating to someone who is clearly incapacitated, I’m all for throwing the book at them. But this was a split-second decision. If Groubert’s actions were due to poor or inappropriate training, poor hiring practices by the South Carolina state police, or a police culture that conditions cops to see every interaction with a citizen as potential threat, sending him to prison isn’t going to change any of that. Individual cops who abuse their authority should certainly be held accountable, and a system that consistently held them accountable would be something of a deterrent. But focusing only on the individual cop in a case like this lets the police agency that hired and trained him off the hook.
Yesterday I wrote about another police shooting , the killing of John Crawford in a Beavercreek, Ohio, Walmart. I suggested that the incident may have been due to the sensationalization of mass shooting incidents, and the misperception that such incidents are common. After my post went up, the Guardian reported that indeed, the officer who shot Crawford had recently attended an a “pep talk” for police about responding to calls that may involve an active shooter.
The police officer who shot dead a young black man in a Walmart store in Ohio as he held an unloaded BB rifle had less than two weeks earlier received what prosecutors called a “pep talk” on how to deal aggressively with suspected gunmen.
Sean Williams and his colleagues in Beavercreek, a suburb of Dayton, were shown a slideshow invoking their loved ones and the massacres at Sandy Hook, Columbine and Virginia Tech while being trained on 23-24 July on confronting “active shooter situations”.
“If not you, then who?” officers were asked by the presentation, alongside a photograph of young students being led out of Sandy Hook elementary school in December 2012. A caption reminded the trainees that 20 children and five adults were killed before police arrived . . .
A set of 11 slides from a presentation given to officers in the July session was made public by special prosecutor Mark Piepmeier, who presented the slides and other evidence to a grand jury in Greene County, which on Wednesday declined to indict Williams on criminal charges.
Piepmeier signalled that the slides may have been important to the decision. “A question I have, and I think a jury would have, is how are the officers trained to deal with a situation like that,” he told reporters.
He described the presentation as “almost like a pep talk for police officers,” which informed them: “You have to go after these things, you can’t ignore them”. They were told to rid themselves of the mindset that “it’s a bad day to be a cop” when confronting people who “have used, are using or are threatening to use a weapon to inflict deadly force on others” . . .
“We should be saying ‘This is the day I took my oath, trained and prepared for my entire career,’” said one of the slides, which were prepared by the Ohio police officer training association and based on FBI protocol, according to Piepmeier.
Another slide told officers to consider that such an “active threat” was “in a building with the person I love the most” and then decide whether they would want police to wait outside for backup or “enter the building and find the threat as fast as possible”.
The police were taught to keep in mind that “the suspect wants a body count” and therefore officers should immediately engage a would-be gunman with “speed, surprise and aggressiveness” to prevent them from inflicting injuries or deaths.
After training like that, is it any wonder why the police failed to give Crawford an opportunity to surrender his “weapon?”
Back to Groubert, the South Carolina state police have publicly stated that his actions aren’t consistent with the training they provide to officers. Perhaps that’s true. But that’s also what a police agency would say if it were attempting to shield itself from liability. We may find out exactly what sort of lethal force training the agency provides during Jones’ lawsuit.
But Groubert’s actions are consistent with and the predictable consequence of a false narrative pushed by law enforcement leaders and organizations and abetted by some in the media: that policing is getting more dangerous by the day. In truth, on the job police fatalities have been on a downward trajectory since the mid-1990s, and last year was the safest year for cops in a half century. And that’s just if you’re going with raw numbers. If you look at fatalities rates, 2013 was likely the safest year since the early 1900s. (I use likely because it’s difficult to get precise figures on the total number of police officers over the years.) Yet we still see a steady stream of assertions from police officials that they are “at war,” or that the job is more dangerous than ever. (There  has been an increase in fatalities this year, from last year. But again, last year was the safest year in modern policing, and this year is still on track to be one of the safest.)
Despite these figures, not only do we continue to overstate the dangers of policing, there’s also an emerging faction within the law enforcement community encouraging cops to use more force more often. The theory driving this faction is that too many cops hesitate before pulling the trigger, and that cops are unnecessarily dying as a result. Here’s one example  of the philosophy at work from the magazine Tactical Life:
What many police officers never consider, and few instructors teach, is the existence of a wide psychological gap between the theory and practice of training and the jarring reality of actually engaging in a violent, life-and-death encounter.I am referring to are the obstacles—some easily articulated and others subconscious—your brain sets up to prevent you from pulling the trigger on a fellow human being, even when deadly force is justified and necessary. Awareness of this gap, and possessing the skills to overcome it, may be the difference between life and death.
Here’s another , from Police magazine:
We must develop a warrior’s mindset to prepare ourselves to fight and defend life at a second’s notice, without warning or hesitation.
We have to develop what the martial arts masters call “mind of no mind.” This simply means we must not think or second-guess ourselves, but allow our bodies to “instinctively” respond to any threat with the appropriate level of force without any conscious consideration.
Last year , the police supplier Law Enforcement Targets, Inc. was caught sending police departments target practice cutouts of childen, pregnant women, and the elderly. The justification for the targets is that pregnant women, children and the elderly can be violent, too, and so police officers should overcome any compunctions about killing them. The cutout series was called “No More Hesitations.” Just after that was reported, Sonoma County, Calif. Dep. Erik Gelhaus overcame his hesitation  when he shot and killed 13-year-old Andy Lopez . The boy was holding a toy gun when Gelhaus shot him. The deputy was cleared of any wrongdoing in July.
Among older and retired police officials I’ve interviewed, there’s a consensus that deadly force training for cops has moved away from an emphasis on deescalation and conflict resolution. One police trainer told me a few years ago that much of the training today focuses on how to justify force after it has already been used — in other words, not how to avoid shooting people, but how to protect yourself and the department from liability once you have. Another problem: In many departments, ongoing training in the use force just isn’t a priority.
In its damning report on the Albuquerque Police Department last April, for example, the Justice Department noted that the city’s police “too often use deadly force in an unconstitutional manner in their use of firearms,” “often use deadly force in circumstances where there is no imminent threat of death or serious body harm,” and that this was caused by serious deficiencies in training. In fact, the DOJ report found that officers who did use improper deadly force were often held up as heroes or examples within the department. Just two months earlier, the Santa Fe New Mexican reported that a new philosophy had been implemented at the New Mexico state police academy:
As the New Mexico State Police and the Albuquerque Police Department have come under scrutiny in recent months for a rash of officer-involved shootings, the man who sets the tone for training police recruits in the state has instituted a curriculum that puts less restraint on officers in deciding when to use deadly force.
“Evil has come to the state of New Mexico, evil has come to the Southwest, evil has come to the United States,” said Jack Jones, director of the Law Enforcement Academy, when asked about the new approach.
The academy trains recruits for police departments across the state. Some agencies, such as the state police and the Albuquerque department, have their own training programs, but the basic training courses are established by Jones’ academy, according to the Department of Public Safety’s deputy secretary, Patrick Mooney.
In September, the state’s eight-member Law Enforcement Academy Board, which is appointed by the governor and chaired by the attorney general, voted unanimously to change the New Mexico Administrative Code to give complete control over the curriculum to Jones . . . These changes were necessary to prepare new police officers to work in a more dangerous world, [Jones] said.
No, it isn’t a “more dangerous world.” By most any measure, the United States is less dangerous than it’s been since the 1950s. More:
The New Mexican filed a request under the Inspection of Public Records Act for a copy the academy’s new curriculum, but Jones said he doesn’t plan to release it because criminals could use the tactics taught to cadets against them.
“I’ll burn them before you get them,” he told The New Mexican . . . 
“When I went to high school, two people would have a fistfight, and it would be over,” Jones said. “Today in high school, two people have a fistfight and then somebody comes to the guy’s house the next day and shoots him. … You have to be prepared for the violence.”
A month after the New Mexican article ran, Albuquerque police shot and killed James Boyd , an unarmed homeless man.
Sean Groubert’s use of deadly force came during a traffic stop. It’s worth noting that the threat of an ambush during a traffic stop has become a particularly potent narrative in the law enforcement community. And it’s true, there have been several such high incidents this year, all of which received plenty of high-profile coverage. But that sort of coverage doesn’t put those incidents in their proper statistical context, and thus can also distort the way police perceive threats.
I went through this year’s officer fatalities at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund site, and found less than 10 such incidents. (I found six that definitely fit the description of “shot during a traffic stop,” and a couple others that could arguably be included.) So less than 10 incidents. Out of how many? That’s tough to say, but it’s a very large number. In 2011, the Justice Department estimated there were over 1 million law enforcement officers in the U.S. Not all of those officers make traffic stops, but even if  only half of them do, that’s just 10 fatalities out of a half million officers. (For comparison, the U.S. overall homicide rate is 4.7 per 100,000 people.) If we break it down according to risk per stop, a 2008 Bureau of Justice Statistics survey estimated that 17.8 million Americans had been pulled over that year. Given that some had inevitably been pulled over more than once, the figure for total stops is probably a bit higher.
The biggest risk to officers conducting traffic stops is actually the possibility of getting struck by another car. Yet law enforcement groups and media outlets continue to play up the threat of someone opening fire on police on the side of the road. On its website, the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration conflates the more substantial threat of getting hit by a car with the much rarer threat of violence and cautions, “Every stop for a traffic violation has the potential for danger.” Police websites repeat the mantra that “there is no such thing as a routine traffic stop,” and hold up anomalous incidents as if they were routine. Police magazine recently ran an article with a subheading which warned that “Pulling over a motorist can result in a simple citation or a raging gun battle,” complete with a photo of a motorist clutching a handgun just out of the officer’s view. In a 1997 amicus brief to the U.S. Supreme Court, the the National Association of Police Organizations argued that “It is not uncommon for routine traffic stops to escalate into a violent situation.”
But it is uncommon. A  2001 study published in the Journal of Criminal Science found that, “Despite anecdotal accounts that show particular instances of danger confronted by law enforcement officers, there are few research findings or statistics to support the assumption of police dangerousness during traffic encounters.” Looking at data from 1988 to 1998, the study found that in the most violent years, one in 4.6 million traffic stops resulted in the killing of a police officer. The average over the period was 1 in 6.7 million. Traffic stop data is hard to quantify, so the authors looked at a range, using several sources of data. Those figures assumed the lowest number of traffic stops, so they represent the riskiest possible scenario. Using a middle-range estimate, the average risk fell to one in 13.4 million stops over the 10-year span. Using the most inclusive data set for traffic stops, the risk fell to one in 20.1 million.
That study is 13 years old, but both the crime rate and the number of annual officer fatalities have dropped significantly since then, so it seems safe to assume it’s significantly less frequent today.
None of this is to say that police shouldn’t take sensible precautions when pulling people over. We should also try to outfit police with effective bulletproof gear so that in the unlikely event of violence, they’re protected. But we need to stop conditioning cops to think that every stop could be a firefight waiting to happen, or more broadly that every interaction with a citizen carries the potential for violence. The police are supposed to protect and serve us, not approach us with fear and suspicion. And we certainly need to stop encouraging cops to shoot people more quickly.
So sure, we could Sean Groubert to prison.. But we should understand that until we address these more fundamental problems about training, hiring, and police culture, there will be more like him.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Russia and Ukraine near gas supply dealRussia and Ukraine near deal on gas supplies
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Neil Buckley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87c5a8ea-459e-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

September proves unlucky for JayalalithaaSeptember proves unlucky for Jayalalithaa
PTI
Chennai, Sept 27:  
September is certainly not the luckiest of months for AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa.
It was in September 2001 and now 2014 that the Supreme Court and the Bangalore special court delivered judgements leading to her removal as Chief Minister..
A five-judge Constitution Bench of the apex court had in a unanimous verdict held “a person who is convicted for a criminal offence and sentenced to imprisonment for a period of not less than two years cannot be appointed the Chief Minister of a State under Article 164 (1) read with (4) and cannot continue to function as such.” The court had also rejected the argument that a popular mandate — or the `will’ of the people — could override the Constitution.
Jayalalithaa then made one of his Council of Ministers O Panneerselvam as the next Chief Minister, until she cleared the charges against her in the Madras High Court and won a by-election from Andipatty constituency and returned to power in 2002.
The ‘September’ jinx seems to have caught up with her again as Special Court Judge John Michael D’Cunha today convicted Jayalalithaa and others in the 18-year old disproportionate assets case and sentenced her to four years imprisonment.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Cristiano Ronaldo s 4 goals leads Real Madrid to another routE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP-Shiv Sena break-up: Uddhav Thackeray breaks his silencepicture  others
BJP-Shiv Sena break-up: Uddhav Thackeray breaks his silence
Two days after the break-up of its 25-year-old alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray broke his silence on Saturday September 27 and addressed a rally at the Mahalakshmi Race course in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
Uddhav Thackeray displays the Shiv Sena's manifesto, which has the party patriarch Bala Saheb Thackeray's picture on it. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
Shiv Sena's heir, Aditya Thackeray, shares the stage with his father and party chief Uddhav Thackeray. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
Uddhav Thackeray breaks a coconut as a part of Indian ritual. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
People came in thousands to attend Uddhav Thackeray's rally. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
Related

India s exposure to US govt securities touch $79.7 billionIndia's exposure to US govt securities touches $79.7 billion
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 12.31PM IST
Tags:
dollar
(India's holdings of these…)
WASHINGTON: India has steeply increased its exposure to American government securities with the value of investments touching one-year high of USD 79.7 billion in July.
India's holdings of these securities have jumped by nearly USD 21 billion since July 2013 when it stood at just USD 58.9 billion, indicating improved sentiments about American economy as well as the bilateral ties.
Latest data from the US Treasury Department show that India's holdings at $79.7 billion were the fourth highest among BRICS grouping in July.
China's exposure was the highest at $1.264 trillion in July followed by Brazil at $258.6 billion and Russia with $114.5 billion worth holdings.
In the case of South Africa, investments in US government securities stood at $11.9 billion.
Among the BRICS bloc, except for China and South Africa, rest of the countries added to their holdings in July compared to June.
India has been increasing its investments in these Treasury securities since the new government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May this year. In June, the exposure had touched $72.9 billion compared to $ 70.1 billion in May this year.
The investments stood at $68.7 billion in April, lower than $70.2 billion seen in March.
In January and February this year, the exposure were at $68.1 billion and $67 billion, respectively.
In signs that growth is gathering pace in the world's largest economy, US GDP expanded 4.6 per cent in the second quarter of 2014.
The growth rate is much higher than earlier estimate of 4.2 per cent for the same period.
"Real GDP increased 4.6 per cent in the second quarter, after decreasing 2.1 per cent in the first," US Department of Commerce said this Friday.
This upturn in the percent change in real GDP primarily reflected rise in exports and in private inventory investment, among others, it had said.
Currently, Modi is on his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister and India is looking to attract more overseas investments into the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NALCO may move review petition on scrapping of a coal blockNALCO may move review petition on scrapping of a coal block
Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar Sep 28, 2014 12:11 PM IST
Aluminium major NALCO is contemplating moving a review petition in the Supreme Court for reconsideration of the decision to cancel allotment of a coal block to the Navaratna PSU.
"As Utkal-E coal block is among the 214 blocks deallocated by the Supreme Court recently, we have asked our legal experts to examine the apex court verdict," Nalco's Chairman and Managing Director Ansuman Das said here last night.
Nalco almost met the criteria on which the Supreme Court allowed four coal blocks to operate, Das told reporters, adding that after obtaining legal opinion on the matter, the company is likely to file a review petition.
Claiming that Nalco has made considerable progress in developing the coal block and has 60-70 per cent land acquisition for the project, he said the company would explain as to why coal block development was delayed.
Maintaining that Nalco was a public sector company, Das said the aluminium major had not entered into any joint venture with any private company. Nalco had so far invested about Rs 100 crore for development of the coal block, he said.
Besides exploring overseas sources of coal from countries like Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam and Qatar, Nalco would also approach the Centre to provide coal linkage to its power project till coal block allotment was settled, he said.
On the company's performance, Das said Nalco posted a net profit of Rs 642 crore during 2013-14 compared to Rs 593 crore achieved in the previous fiscal, registering a jump of 8 per cent.
The company achieved highest ever exports at Rs 3,719 crore during the year as against earlier highest of Rs 3,410 crore during the previous year, showing an increase of nine per cent, the Nalco CMD said.
Similarly, the company generated revenue of Rs 46.81 crore during the year from renewable energy against Rs 2.64 crore revenue earned in previous year, he said.
The company sold highest ever quantity of 13.43 lakh mt of chemicals in 2013-14 as compared to 9.85 lakh mt sold in 2012-13, Das said.
Stating that the company is currently embarking upon an ambitious growth plan, he said it involved a substantial investment in next 3 to 4 years, not only in aluminium sector, but also in energy sector.
This would give a significant boost to NALCO's productivity and profitability, Das said, adding that a lot would depend on availability of coal.
Continuing with its self-propelled growth, the company completed the upgradation of 4th Stream of Alumina Refinery leading to capacity increase from 21 lakh TPY to 22.75 lakh TPY and that of Bauxite Mines from 6.3 Million TPY to 6.825 Million TPY at an estimated project cost of Rs 400 crore approximately, he said.

How to watch Narendra Modis many speeches across AmericaThe first speech of many.(Reuters/Eduardo Munoz)
SHARE
S. Mitra Kalita @mitrakalita
September 28, 2014
Indian prime minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to do at least 50 things in the 100 hours or so while he is on US soil. Modi’s everywhere.
But since you can’t be, here’s our guide to catching what’s left of his whirlwind five-day trip.
The biggest event takes place today at Madison Square Garden. Quartz is live streaming the event here and on our Facebook page .
On Monday, September 30, Modi’s speaking to the Council on Foreign Relations in New York. That’s being live streamed here .
And on Tuesday, October 1, he’s speaking to a group of business leaders in Washington. That, too, is likely to be available via live stream.
Share this:

Biyani questions rationale of investments in...Amazon
(Biyani also expressed…)
MUMBAI: Organised retail entrepreneur Kishore Biyani has questioned the rationale behind investors committing billions of dollars to India's e-commerce sector in the recent past.
The Future Group chief also expressed concern that online retailers, flush with cash, may eventually look at buying into traditional brick and mortar companies.
"These days, the media only looks at e-commerce. However, you must also ask if gross margins of any such company are positive or not. There is hope of survival for them when their gross margins are positive. I'm not saying it is sustainable or it is not sustainable," Biyani told PTI.
"They're getting private equity money in the hope that one day they'll have their own products and brands," he added.
At present, most e-tailers act as market places, selling other companies' brands and through exclusive tie-ups in certain categories.
These comments from Biyani, who is credited with making the organised retail sector a force to reckon with over the last 15 years, come within three months of online retailer Flipkart raising $ 1 billion in a new round of funding at an enterprise valuation of a staggering $ 7 billion.
The Flipkart announcement was followed up with American e-tailer Amazon's statement of committing $ 2 billion as investments in the country.
Experts have said that gross profit margins are low only when retailers act merely as sellers of goods manufactured by someone else, and that margins tend to increase when retailers sell their own brands.
This is one of the reasons why Biyani stepped into the FMCG sector, with his own brands and also announced that he would target sales of company-owned brands, and increase his own brands to 80 per cent by FY2020 at his retail stores.
The online medium, Biyani said, is "only technology for getting orders".
Biyani's electronic store already has an online presence and adopts a hybrid approach to sales involving both online as well as traditional brick and mortar stores.
The maverick entrepreneur also dismissed speculation that he would launching a major e-commerce initiative soon.
"We're launching a promotion. It's not e-commerce," he said, reacting to reports of an imminent announcement of an e-commerce initiative on October 1.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Parsvnath leases office space in Connaught Place; eyes Rs 100cr rental/yrParsvnath leases office space in Connaught Place; eyes Rs 100cr rental/yr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 28:  
Parsvnath Developers has leased about 1.7 lakh sq ft in its office building near Connaught Place to big companies like SBI, Aditya Birla Group and Axis Bank, and expects an annual rental income of around Rs 100 crore from this project.
Parsvnath, which recently sold 140 acres at Sohna in Gurgaon to Supertech for Rs 665 crore, has completed construction of an official building covering 2.8 lakh sq ft of leasable area on Bhai Veer Singh Marg, Gole Market.
The company had bagged this project from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, on a BOT (build—operate—transfer) basis in 2010.
It has invested about Rs 300 crore to develop this project, including Rs 99.5 crore upfront payment made to DMRC.
“This is a world class new generation office building in CBD (central business district) area of Delhi. After many years, a new development has come up in the NDMC area. We are very excited about this project as it will give a good rental income to the company,” Parsvnath Developers Chairman Pradeep Jain told PTI.
“We have so far leased 1.7 lakh sq ft office space in this building and the remaining about 1 lakh sq ft is in the pipeline. Tenants mix are AAA rated companies which includes SBI, AXIS Bank, Aditya Birla Group and Regus among others.
Fit—outs are currently being done in the office building,” Jain said.
Leasing transactions have been done at a monthly rent of about Rs 300 per sq ft and the company is expected to earn an annual rental income of about Rs 100 crore. SBI has leased about 45,000 sq ft area in this building.
Jain said this building is as per the norms of market regulator SEBI on Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) that has been notified last week.
In 2010, Parsvnath had sold 24.5 per cent stake in this commercial project to private equity firm Red Fort Capital for Rs 120 crore. The construction work of the project ‘Red Fort Parsvnath Tower’ has been done by L&T.
Apart from this building, Parsvnath is also constructing a commercial building at KG Marg near CP in Delhi with a leasable area of 1.3 lakh sq ft, of which 40,000 sq ft will be retail and the rest will be office space. It had acquired 1.18 acre of commercial plot at KG Marg in 2008 for Rs 212 crore.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

RBI policy to drive markets in a holiday-shortened week aheadPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:44 pm
The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) monetary policy review on Tuesday would set the tone for the stock market in a holiday-shortened week ahead.
Stock markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi and Dussehra respectively.
Shares of automobile companies will be in focus amid release of sales data for September on Wednesday.
“This week, RBI’s monetary policy scheduled on September 30 shall be key trigger for market movement. Also, Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the US, along with global cues can boost market sentiment, as it may put more light on economic path and other reforms for the country,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Marketmen said that developments from Prime Minister’s US tour will also be closely watched.
“The PM’s five-day visit to the US is expected to improve the strategic ties between the two nations and drive US investors’ interests towards the Indian markets,” said Aman Chowdhury, CEO & Founder, Cians Analytics.
Market participants will be looking at the outcome of the apex bank’s monetary policy meet on September 30 and HSBC India Manufacturing PMI for September, due on October 1.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex lost 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
 

India Inc hiring outlook promising for Q3  FY’15: SurveyPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:41 pm
The next three months are likely to favour job aspirants, with 81 per cent of the Indian employers predicting a robust hiring activity, says a survey.
According to a survey by MyHiringClub.com, the nation’s net employment outlook — an indicator of recruitment intentions — stands at 44 per cent for October-December period of current fiscal 2014-15, representing favourable opportunities for job seekers.
The outlook has improved by a moderate two percentage points on quarter-over-quarter basis as well as year-on year.
As per the findings, of the 5,700 public and private employers surveyed, a majority (81 per cent) have predicted an increase in headcount for the third quarter of fiscal 2014-15, the report said.
“Job seekers will be going to get more opportunities as our study shows the India’s employment markets will experience positive hiring activity compared to Q3, FY’14 and Q2, FY’15,” MyHiringClub.com & FlikJobs.com CEO Rajesh Kumar said.
“The good news is that many markets appear to be heading in the right direction,” Kumar added.
Sector-wise, seven of the nine industries surveyed have positive hiring prospects, with employment in infrastructure and the retail sector projected to be most promising with improvement of 12 and 8 percentage points respectively, year-on-year.
The strongest hiring prospects are reported in the IT & ITeS sector with a Net Employment Outlook of 47 per cent.
This sector is followed by Banking & Financial Services sector (45 per cent), FMCG/FMCD (41 per cent), Infrastructure sector (40 per cent), Automobile & Manufacturing (39 per cent), Retail (37 per cent).
The weakest sectors were Real Estate (36 per cent), Telecom (36 per cent) and Hospitality (32 per cent).
A region-wise study of employers in all four regions — North, South, East and West — predicted a strong employment market for the third quarter of FY’15, with the most optimistic forecast for the Southern parts of the country.
The net employment outlook for the South stood at 29 per cent for the next three months. Outlooks for the North, West and East are 27 per cent, 26 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively.
 

Kishore Biyani questions rationale of investments in e-commerce spacePress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:38 pm
Organised retail entrepreneur Kishore Biyani has questioned the rationale behind investors committing billions of dollars to India’s e-commerce sector in the recent past.
The Future Group chief also expressed concern that online retailers, flush with cash, may eventually look at buying into traditional brick and mortar companies.
“These days, the media only looks at e-commerce. However, you must also ask if gross margins of any such company are positive or not. There is hope of survival for them when their gross margins are positive. I’m not saying it is sustainable or it is not sustainable,” Biyani told PTI.
“They’re getting private equity money in the hope that one day they’ll have their own products and brands,” he added.
At present, most e-tailers act as market places, selling other companies’ brands and through exclusive tie-ups in certain categories.
These comments from Biyani, who is credited with making the organised retail sector a force to reckon with over the last 15 years, come within three months of online retailer Flipkart raising USD 1 billion in a new round of funding at an enterprise valuation of a staggering USD 7 billion.
The Flipkart announcement was followed up with American e-tailer Amazon’s statement of committing USD 2 billion as investments in the country.
Experts have said that gross profit margins are low only when retailers act merely as sellers of goods manufactured by someone else, and that margins tend to increase when retailers sell their own brands.
This is one of the reasons why Biyani stepped into the FMCG sector, with his own brands and also announced that he would target sales of company-owned brands, and increase his own brands to 80 per cent by FY2020 at his retail stores.
The online medium, Biyani said, is “only technology for getting orders”.
Biyani’s electronic store already has an online presence and adopts a hybrid approach to sales involving both online as well as traditional brick and mortar stores.
The maverick entrepreneur also dismissed speculation that he would launching a major e-commerce initiative soon.
“We’re launching a promotion. It’s not e-commerce,” he said, reacting to reports of an imminent announcement of an e-commerce initiative on October 1.
 

Narendra Modi’s US visit to boost fund inflows: Reliance Mutual FundPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:36 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the US to boost bilateral ties and deepen economic relations will give a fillip to investment flows from institutional investors into the Indian markets, says a top Indian fund house Reliance Mutual Fund.
“I believe that the investors who have been sitting on the fence and those looking for an emerging market opportunity would now begin putting their money directly into India, while funds from other emerging markets are also likely to be reallocated to our markets,” Reliance MF CEO and mutual fund industry body AMFI’s Chairman Sundeep Sikka said.
Sikka, who was here to attend India Investment Forum organised by Institutional Investor Forums ahead of Modi’s 5-day US visit from September 26-30, said that he saw a huge interest among the investor community here for Indian markets.
“At this point of time, we believe that the Prime Minister’s visit and the prevailing positivity about India will turn into good flows into Indian markets from institutional investors,” Sikka told PTI in an interview here.
He said: “A lot of people have been looking at India and now we will see actual money also flowing into India. Till now, a lot of money that came into India, came through ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds), but specially the larger investors will now come and start investing through the local players.
“We clearly see that the meetings and interactions with these investors clearly show that the returns generated by the mutual fund schemes have been so superior that its clear that coming through ETFs for them in long term will not be a best opportunity.”
When asked what could be the quantum of funds that might come into the Indian markets, the Reliance MF chief said it was difficult to put a number, but it will be much more than the current numbers.
“We have seen this year about USD 20 billion coming through both debt and equity. I think this trend will surely continue and as the feedback we are getting from the investors, based on that the allocation which was going to other emerging markets, might also start coming to India.
“We will see far more coming in than what we have seen during the last year,” he added.
When asked what all would attract investors to India, in addition to good returns, Sikka said: “What we are seeing is that for institutional investors, the best thing is that when they see an opportunity, they see an upside. Now, a lot of things are falling in place for India.”
Sikka added: “A lot of people who were underweight on India for a long time, they will now start coming to India. It’s not only the returns, but India continued…

Mary Kom leads women boxers charge into Asiad medal roundMary Kom leads women boxers charge into Asiad medal round
Press Trust of India | Incheon Sep 28, 2014 01:55 PM IST
Olympic bronze-medallist M C Mary Kom led the charge as Indian women boxers packed a powerful punch by assuring themselves of medals in each of the three weight categories at the 17th Asian Games, here today.
Mary Kom (51kg), L Sarita Devi (60kg) and Pooja Rani (75kg) entered the semifinals of their respective weight categories with commanding victories.
Mary Kom kicked off the proceedings in the ring for India for a second successive day and once again gave a perfect start, against Si Haijuan of China.
Facing an opponent 10 years her junior, the five-time world champion Indian drew from her huge reservoir of experience to outwit the rather sprightly Chinese.
Sluggish to begin with, the Manipuri found her rhythm as the bout progressed, displaying precision in her punches, especially jabs.
Particularly impressive in the second round, Mary seemed on course for a comfortable win but was taken by surprise in the third round, in which Haijuan tactfully blunted the Indian's attack.
However, mere glimpses of promise were never going to be enough against the multiple-time Asian champion, whose well-timed combination punches hardly found any response from the Chinese in the fourth and final round.
In the end, Haijuan paid for her lack of experience against a seasoned campaigner, who was in control of the pace of the bout. Mary Kom will now be up against Vietnam's Le Thi Bang in the semifinal.
Sarita, on the other hand, endured an energy-sapping slug fest against Mongolia's Suvd Erdene Oyungerel but was a clear winner.
The Indian, a former World and Asian champion, managed to come out triumphant as her blows landed clearly. She was also quite tactful in defence, fighting her opponent from a long range to ensure that even well-timed punches from Oyungerel lacked in impact.

Maharashtra Governor writes to Shiv Sena  BJP seeking whether they can form interim govtPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 28, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 4:35 pm
Before imposing President’s rule in Maharashtra, Governor Vidyasagar Rao had written separate letters to Shiv Sena and BJP enquiring whether they could form an interim government in the state after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned on Friday.
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had split on September 25 over the issue of seat sharing for October 15 assembly elections.
Chavan had resigned after his government was reduced to a minority as its ally NCP withdrew the support.
“After the withdrawal of support by NCP to the Democratic Front government on 25th September, the government has become a minority government,” the letter written on Saturday by the Governor to senior Sena leader Subhash Desai read.
“In this regard I am exploring other avenues of government formation and hence I would like to know from you as leader of Legislative Party Shiv Sena whether your party is able and willing to form the government,” the letter added.
Rao further said that if both parties fail to respond to his letter, it shall be deemed that the parties are not willing or able to form the government.
Reacting to the Governor’s letter, Sena leader Subhash Desai said the party will form a government only when it comes to power with a majority post elections.
“Yes, the Governor did send me a letter asking us if we would like to form the government. I categorically told him that he does not need to come to us. We will ourselves go to him, but only after we win the elections with a majority,” Desai said.
It was learnt that a similar letter was sent to BJP leader Eknath Khadse as well. However, despite repeated attempts, Khadse remained unavailable for comment.
Rao, a senior BJP leader from Telangana, was appointed Governor of Maharashtra last month, after K Sankaranarayanan resigned from the post following his transfer to Mizoram.

Hong Kong showdown looms as protests swellHong Kong says riot police have pulled back as protesters jam city streets
By Ivan Watson, Elizabeth Joseph, Anjali Tsui and Jethro Mullen, CNN
September 29, 2014 -- Updated 0524 GMT (1324 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Riot police remain on guard near the main protest site
NEW: Government says police pull back and urges protesters to disperse
At least 41 people have been injured in the protests, authorities say
Hong Kong's leader says police have acted with restraint
Hong Kong (CNN) -- The Hong Kong government said Monday that riot police have pulled back from pro-democracy demonstrations around the city that have caused widespread disruption in one of Asia's financial hubs.
Defiant demonstrators remained on the streets of Hong Kong's financial center, blocking traffic on key highways a day after clashes with police that left more than 40 people injured.
Explaining the decision to withdraw the riot police, the government said in a statement that the protesters on the streets were now behaving peacefully. But protesters have pointed out that the unrest Sunday resulted from heavy-handed police tactics.
Protesters break a glass door of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong on November 19. Pro-democracy demonstrators are angry about China's decision to allow only Beijing-vetted candidates to run in Hong Kong's elections for chief executive in 2017.
Broken glass is seen after protesters attempted to break into the Legislative Council building in Hong Kong on November 19.
Protesters stand off with police officers outside the Legislative Council building after clashes on November 19.
Security staff members remove a barricade outside the Citic tower near a protest site in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong on November 18.
There were no signs of resistance from protesters, some of whom helped bailiffs, police and CITIC representatives move barricades away on November 18.
A general view of the Admiralty protest site on the road outside the Hong Kong Government complex on November 17.
Student leaders Alex Chow (C), Nathan Law (L) and Eason Chung (R) attempted to fly to Beijing to deliver a message to the Chinese government on November 15. They were denied boarding after being informed that their entry permits were invalid.
A businessman walks to work passed barricades placed by pro-democracy protesters blocking road at the Admiralty protest site on November 13, 2014 in Hong Kong.
People open umbrellas at the main protest site in Hong Kong on Tuesday, October 28. The umbrella has become the defining image of the protest movement, used to shield protesters from tear gas and the elements.
Riot police stand guard near a barricade in a protester-occupied area of the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 22.
Pro-democracy protesters at an occupied area outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong watch a live broadcast of talks between Hong Kong government officials and protesters on Tuesday, October 21.
Police and protesters face each other across a barricade as tensions continue in Hong Kong on Monday, October 20.
Riot police advance on a pro-democracy protest encampment in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong early Sunday, October 19.
A woman reads on a road barricaded by pro-democracy protesters on October 19.
Police officers yell at pro-democracy protesters as they push forward in an attempt to clear a street on Saturday, October 18.
Pro-democracy protesters sleep next to a barricade on October 18 after reclaiming streets in Mong Kok after a night of violent scuffles with police.
A Hong Kong journalist collapses in agony after being hit in the face with pepper spray during clashes with police on Friday, October 17.
Police use batons to hit pro-democracy protesters who are using raised umbrellas for protection on October 17.
Protesters and riot police officers face off at a main road in the Mong Kok district on October 17.
People shout at pro-democracy protesters in the Mong Kok district on Friday, October 17.
Riot police clear out an encampment of protesters in the Mong Kok district on October 17. Police swooped in early to dismantle the protest campsite.
Demonstrators remove their belongings from a protest camp early on October 17.
Pro-democracy protesters break down as riot police clear their camp October 17.
Riot police remove barricades on October 17.
Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung arrives for a news conference on Thursday, October 16. He said talks would resume with students as early as next week, but he said street protests had caused severe disruption and could not continue.
Pro-democracy demonstrator Ken Tsang gets taken taken away by police before allegedly being beaten up in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 15. Authorities have vowed to conduct an investigation into a widely circulated video that appears to show plainclothes officers kicking and punching the man.
A police officer shouts at a protester who was hit with pepper spray on October 15.
Pro-democracy protesters hide behind umbrellas to protect themselves from pepper spray on October 15.
Protesters move barriers as others block a main road in Hong Kong with metal and plastic safety barriers on October 15.
Police march toward pro-democracy protesters outside central government offices in Hong Kong on October 15.
Protesters gather near central government offices in Hong Kong on October 15.
Police move toward pro-democracy protesters during a standoff outside central government offices in Hong Kong on Tuesday, October 14.
Police remove bamboo that pro-democracy protesters had set up to block off main roads in Hong Kong on October 14.
Pro-democracy protesters watch as police remove barricades in Hong Kong on October 14.
Cleaners sweep the main road after the police's removal of barricades on October 14.
Police ask a protester to leave the main road of Hong Kong's Central district on October 14.
Police dismantle barricades from the streets in Hong Kong on October 14.
Police officers run to barricades set up by protesters on October 14.
Pro-democracy protesters raise their hands behind police officers after people tried to remove the metal barricades that protesters set up to block off main roads near the city's financial district in Hong Kong on Monday, October 13.
A police officer tries to stop a man October 13 from removing metal barricades set up by protesters.
A police officer scuffles with a man in Hong Kong on October 13.
Police officers arrest a pro-democracy demonstrator in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong on October 13.
A pro-democracy demonstrator sets up a new barricade made of bamboo in Hong Kong on October 13.
Police officers remove barricades used by protesters in Hong Kong on October 13.
Taxi drivers protest in Hong Kong on October 13, urging pro-democracy demonstrators to clear the roads.
People gather beneath the statue "Umbrella Man," by the Hong Kong artist known as Milk, which has become a symbol at the protest site, on Saturday, October 11, in Hong Kong.
Pro-democracy protesters remain scattered at the protest site in Admiralty on Thursday, October 9. The government canceled talks that day after protest leaders urged supporters to keep up the occupation.
Taxi drivers attend a small demonstration calling for protesters to stop blocking roads through the city on October 9.
A woman drinks a soda as she walks past a barricade erected by pro-democracy demonstrators in Hong Kong on October 9.
A pro-democracy protester sleeps on a street in the occupied area surrounding the government complex in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 8.
A pro-democracy protester reads a newspaper in Hong Kong's Mong Kok district on Tuesday, October 7, as a police officer stands nearby.
Protesters walk up an empty street inside the protest site near Hong Kong's government complex on October 7.
Joshua Wong, a 17-year-old student protest leader, is interviewed at the protest site near government headquarters on Monday, October 6.
A man walks to work as pro-democracy demonstrators sleep on the road in the occupied areas surrounding the government complex in Hong Kong on October 6.
A ray of sunlight bathes sleeping protesters as they occupy a major highway in Hong Kong on October 6. Protesters say Beijing has gone back on its pledge to allow universal suffrage in Hong Kong, which was promised "a high degree of autonomy" when it was handed back to China by Britain in 1997.
People take an escalator to work as protesters sleep on October 6.
The statue "Umbrella Man," by the Hong Kong artist known as Milk, stands at a pro-democracy protest site in the Admiralty district on October 6.
People walk to work on a main road in the occupied areas of Hong Kong on October 6.
Police officers remove barriers outside government offices in Hong Kong on Sunday, October 5.
Student protesters carry a barrier to block a street leading to the protest site on October 5.
Pro-democracy demonstrators occupy the streets near government headquarters on October 5.
Pro-democracy demonstrators surround police October 5 in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong.
A pro-democracy protester holds on to a barrier as he and others defend a barricade from attacks by rival protest groups in the Mong Kok district on Saturday, October 4.
Pro-democracy student protesters pin a man to the ground after an assault during a scuffle with local residents in Mong Kok on October 4.
Pro-democracy protesters raise their arms in a sign of nonviolence as they protect a barricade from rival protest groups in the Mong Kok district on October 4.
A pro-Beijing activist holds up blue ribbons for anti-Occupy Central protestors to collect as pro-government speeches are made in the Kowloon district of Hong Kong on October 4.
A man sits in front of a barricade built by pro-democracy protesters on October 4 in the Kowloon district.
Thousands of pro-democracy activists attend a rally on the streets near government headquarters on October 4 in Hong Kong.
A group of men in masks fight with a man who tried to stop them from removing barricades from a pro-democracy protest area in the Causeway Bay district of Hong Kong on Friday, October 3.
Police raise hands against protesters as an ambulance tries to leave the compound of the chief executive office in Hong Kong on October 3.
A protester tries to negotiate with angry residents trying to remove barricades blocking streets in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay on October 3. Large crowds opposed to the pro-democracy movement gathered to clear the area.
Pro-democracy demonstrators protect a barricade from "anti-Occupy" crowds in Hong Kong on October 3.
A man shouts at a pro-democracy demonstrator on October 3.
Police try to pry a man from a fence guarded by pro-democracy demonstrators on October 3.
Pro-democracy demonstrators sleep on the street outside a government complex in Hong Kong on Thursday, October 2.
As the sun rises, a protester reads during a sit-in blocking the entrance to the chief executive's office on October 2.
Yellow ribbons, a symbol of the protests in Hong Kong, are tied to a fence as police and security officers stand guard at the government headquarters on October 2.
Protesters confront police outside the government complex in Hong Kong on October 2.
Protesters camp out in a street in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 1.
Founder of the student pro-democracy group Scholarism, Joshua Wong, center, stands in silent protest with supporters at the flag-raising ceremony at Golden Bauhinia Square in Hong Kong on October 1.
Hong Kong's Chief Executive C.Y. Leung attends a flag raising ceremony to mark the 65th anniversary of the founding of Communist China on October 1.
A pro-democracy activist shouts slogans on a street near the government headquarters on Wednesday, October 1.
Hong Kong police stand guard outside the flag-raising ceremony October 1.
Pro-democracy demonstrators gather for a third night in Hong Kong on Tuesday, September 30.
Protesters sing songs and wave their cell phones in the air after a massive thunderstorm passed over the Hong Kong Government Complex on September 30.
Protesters take part in a rally on a street outside the Hong Kong Government Complex on September 30.
Student activists rest on a road in Hong Kong on September 30, near the government headquarters where pro-democracy activists have gathered.
A pro-democracy demonstrator guards a bus covered with messages of support in Hong Kong on September 30.
Protesters sleep on the streets outside the Hong Kong Government Complex at sunrise on September 30.
Protesters hold up their cell phones in a display of solidarity during a protest outside the Legislative Council headquarters in Hong Kong on Monday, September 29.
Protesters put on goggles and wrap themselves in plastic on September 29 after hearing a rumor that police were coming with tear gas.
Police officers stand off with protesters next to the Hong Kong police headquarters on September 29.
A man helps protesters use a makeshift ladder to climb over concrete street barricades on September 29.
Riot police fire tear gas on student protesters occupying streets around government buildings in Hong Kong on September 29.
Police officers rest after protests on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters argue with a man, left, who opposes the occupation of Nathan Road in Hong Kong on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters sit in a road as they face off with local police on September 29.
Pro-democracy protesters rest around empty buses as they block Nathan Road in Hong Kong on September 29. Multiple bus routes have been suspended or diverted.
Police walk down a stairwell as demonstrators gather outside government buildings in Hong Kong on September 29.
Stacks of umbrellas are ready for protesters to use as shields against pepper spray on September 29.
Protesters turn the Chinese flag upside-down on September 29 outside a commercial building near the main Occupy Central protest area in Hong Kong.
Protesters occupy a main road in the Central district of Hong Kong after riot police used tear gas against them on Sunday, September 28.
Demonstrators disperse as tear gas is fired during a protest on September 28. There is an "optimal amount of police officers dispersed" around the scene, a Hong Kong police representative said.
Police use pepper spray and tear gas against demonstrators September 28. The protests, which have seen thousands of students in their teens and 20s take to the streets, swelled in size over the weekend.
Riot police clash with protesters on September 28.
Police and protesters clash during a tense standoff with thousands of student demonstrators, recently joined by the like-minded Occupy Central movement, on September 28.
Benny Tai, center, founder of the Occupy Central movement, raises a fist after announcing the group would join the students during a demonstration outside government headquarters in Hong Kong on September 28.
Pro-democracy activist and former legislator Martin Lee wears goggles and a mask to protect against pepper spray on September 28.
A pro-democracy activist shouts at police officers behind a fence with yellow ribbons on September 28.
A sign for the Hong Kong central government offices has been crossed out with red tape by democracy activists on September 28.
Pro-democracy protesters gather near government headquarters on September 29.
Protesters gather during a demonstration outside the headquarters of the Legislative Counsel on September 28 as calls for Beijing to grant the city universal suffrage grow louder and more fractious.
Protesters tie up barricades on September 28 during a demonstration outside the headquarters of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong.
An injured protester is tended to after clashing with riot police outside Hong Kong government complex on Saturday, September 27.
Riot police use pepper spray on pro-democracy activists who forced their way into the Hong Kong government headquarters during a demonstration on September 27.
People watch from on high as pro-democracy demonstrators are surrounded by police after storming a courtyard outside Hong Kong's legislative headquarters on Friday, September 26.
Students march to Government House in Hong Kong on Thursday, September 25.
Hong Kong unrest

CSR not most important effect of business on society: PorterIndia underperforming on social progress
New Delhi, Sept. 28:  
Corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives and philanthropy are not the most important effect of business on society, noted expert on competitive strategy Michael E Porter has said.
They are important effects of business on society, but not the most important, Porter said in an address at the Porter Prize 2014 event organized by Indian Council on Competitiveness here.
“The way business affects society most is through business. These include the way we produce, the raw materials we use and the way we create and put together better infrastructure in communities we do business in ‘, he said.
The problem with CSR is that it is not “self-sustaining”, said Porter, who is a Professor at Harvard Business School.
India is among very few countries that had legislated CSR as a mandatory activity for corporates.
Companies that fall within the ambit of CSR provisions of the new company law need to spend 2 per cent of their net profits on CSR.
It is estimated that nearly 16,000 companies out of total universe of 11 lakh companies registered in India will fall under the mandatory CSR net.
Simply put, the CSR spend obligation under the new company law will fall only on 16,000 companies.
SOCIAL PROGRESS
Porter also said India — when compared with other countries with similar GDP numbers — is underperforming on social progress.
“The social progress in India is less than you would expect, given the level of average income per person in the country.
I do take it into consideration that it’s a complex country with lots of States and city level, but these indicators do give an important perspective”
Srivats.kr@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Occupy Central launches protest in HKHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In Push for Top Spot  Volkswagen Hits Labour  Robot ProblemsYou are here: Home Corporates
In Push for Top Spot, Volkswagen Hits Labour, Robot Problems
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 17:25 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Wolfsburg, Germany: In an era of automation, robotics and spotless factory floors, you don't expect to see car workers lugging metal along a production line.
But at Volkswagen's main Wolfsburg plant earlier this year, workers had to resort to handing metal sheets to robots working on the E-Golf, said people who saw it happen.
The improvisation came after the electric model failed a simulated US crash test. Planners at the 76-year-old plant decided to stiffen the frame of the car. But there was nowhere to put extra robots on the crowded assembly line, they said.
The worker-robot dance that ensued is just one sign that all is not well at Europe's biggest carmaker.
Relations between management and workers at VW's global headquarters have deteriorated to a low last seen about a decade ago when VW cut about 20,000 jobs in Germany.
Operating profit at the core VW brand is under pressure again, tumbling by a third in the first half of this year, due to lower sales, a weak dollar that translated into fewer euros, and spending on technology, including VW's ambitious MQB modular production platform.
When Volkswagen launched MQB in 2012, the company looked almost unstoppable. The system - meant to help VW become the biggest carmaker in the world - is designed to allow VW to build a huge variety of car sizes and shapes on a single production line, increasing flexibility while slashing assembly costs.
But as the problems in Wolfsburg show, the platform can cause serious difficulties in the wrong environment. Rather than making it easy to build VW's sprawling array of models, it has caused delays and forced overtime on some assembly lines, say company sources and production staff.
The MQB problems have been caused by or have fed - it depends on who you talk to - increasingly tense relations between workers and management.
Wolfsburg is a bastion of unionised labour. Together, the state of Lower Saxony, which owns a fifth of VW's voting shares, and labour leaders have majority control of Volkswagen's supervisory board, the powerful body that appoints and dismisses members of the management. Any important decisions, such as the building or shuttering of plants, need a two-thirds majority on the board.
That makes restructuring particularly problematic.
Chief Executive Martin Winterkorn has announced cost cuts of 5 billion euros ($6.43 billion), details of which are due this autumn. "We have a lot of catching-up to do with our core competitors. That is why we must now take action that is clear, effective and sometimes painful," Winterkorn told managers at a conference in mid-July.
A week later, VW's top labour representative Bernd Osterloh retorted that any such move would be difficult and that "sparks will really fly." In August, angry labour leaders forced VW to dismiss consulting firm McKinsey, which managers had hired to evaluate possible cuts without first consulting staff representatives.
Osterloh feared McKinsey would lead VW into another bout of job cuts, according to a source familiar with the matter, instead of reducing research and development spending, which has surged 80 per cent since 2010.
His rare public attack on management signalled a serious rift in relations between management and labour. A week after Osterloh's outburst, VW production chief Michael Macht resigned.
VW will now employ Porsche Consulting, a division of its sports-car unit Porsche, to oversee the brand's efficiency drive, according to two people familiar with the matter. VW and Porsche declined to comment.
Modular Disappointment
Wolfsburg can produce about 3,800 vehicles a day, more than any other VW plant in the world. The company will not say how many are actually being built there. But experts estimate the number is slightly more than 2,000, of which two-thirds are Golfs and the rest Tiguan compact SUVs and Touran family cars.
Backed by red-hot demand in emerging markets, the Volkswagen group - brands include Audi, Porsche and Skoda - is selling almost 10 million vehicles a year, more than twice the amount when Winterkorn took over seven years ago. Sales have been boosted 81 percent to nearly 200 billion euros.
But that growth masks the core brand's flagging profitability and troubles in some overseas markets, such as the United States, Brazil and India. The VW brand's profit margin of 2.3 per cent is less than half its 6 per cent long-term target.
"VW's size is turning into a curse," said Stefan Bratzel, head of the Center of Automotive Management think-tank near Cologne. "Costs are beginning to get out of hand, inefficiencies keep growing and troubles are looming into focus around the world."
In the past, VW was able to offset high German labour costs with economies of scale. MQB was designed to help with that. VW has said that MQB can reduce material costs by 20 percent, yielding potential annual cost savings of $19 billion by 2019, according to a Morgan Stanley estimate. The number of cars based on the system should quadruple to four million by 2016, VW said.
"The Volkswagen group is fully on track with the introduction of the modular production strategy," VW wrote in an email to Reuters. "In total, there is the prospect of more than 40 different group models. So we are just at the beginning of this success story."
But ongoing teething problems keep troubling production.
One problem: the body shells for the top-selling Golf hatchback, which currently has 14 variants. Production has been disrupted at Wolfsburg because versions such as the electric E-Golf and the Sportsvan require different underbody fittings from the base model, sources said.
VW suspended production of E-Golf models in August for fear that hundreds of holiday staffers, filling in for trained workers during the three-week summer vacation period, would struggle to cope, company sources said.
As well, a faulty internet wireless network at Wolfsburg has caused robots to malfunction, the sources said. One worker at the plant said that too many automatic attempts by employees' mobile phones to access the network overwhelm it. Other problems include a tendency of the system to stop if overheated in the summer.
Resulting delays, together with bad maintenance and other flaws, are likely to cause output at VW's key factory to remain below a planned target of almost 850,000 cars, company sources said.
VW's problems underscore a challenge faced by all German auto makers.
"Carmakers once thought that automation could rescue Germany as a location of industry," Mercedes-Benz production chief Markus Schaefer told Reuters. "But with an individualised product like what we're offering, automation is hitting its limits."
Schaefer believes car plants should not exceed about 400,000 units a year. At Wolfsburg, VW is trying to build more than twice as many.
Workers Unite
The power of VW's unions is another hurdle.
The works council, the body granting workers a say in corporate decisions, upped the ante recently by refusing to work some of the Sunday shifts that had been agreed for the third quarter, saying there was no point in working extra shifts when technical problems were continually causing delays and production outages.
Many managers remember the fate of former VW CEO Bernd Pischetsrieder and VW brand chief Wolfgang Bernhard, who were forced out after labour rebellions put an end to a previous cost-cutting drive in 2007.
The power of labour leaders to get rid of management at that time derived from a deal struck more than a decade earlier, in 1994, when the company gave job guarantees and promised further investment in German plants in exchange for pay cuts and extended working hours - a deal that at the time ensured VW's survival.
Twenty years on, that means it is labour leaders at Wolfsburg who will largely determine the shape of cost cuts.
VW managers in other regions have begun openly blaming Wolfsburg for the brand's problems. VW's US chief Michael Horn said in January that changes were needed in Wolfsburg.
An industry source said productivity at Wolfsburg is between 20 and 35 per cent behind that of its premium brand Audi's flagship Ingolstadt plant.
Audi's Finance Chief Axel Strotbek declined to comment on the gap, but said Audi had experience with an earlier modular construction platform and so had a headstart.
VW also declined to comment on the productivity gap and said it's on course to solving the problems at Wolfsburg.
Workers, though, are bracing for more headaches.
Yet another Golf variant, a performance-focused plug-in hybrid model called GTE, has been added to the crowded assembly lines this summer.
Production of the Tiguan and Touran models will be switched to MQB next year.
"Within such a big organisation, it's fair to say that some people were made complacent by years of good results," one company official said. "The more turbulent times are back."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Apple Pulls iOS 8 Update After Reports of Dropped Cellular ServiceYou are here: Home Corporates
Apple Pulls iOS 8 Update After Reports of Dropped Cellular Service
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 08:56 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Apple Inc has pulled an update to iOS 8, its latest mobile operating system, following reports of dropped cellular service.
"We have received reports of an issue with the iOS 8.0.1 update. We are actively investigating ... In the meantime, we have pulled back the iOS 8.0.1 update," said Trudy Miller, an Apple spokeswoman.
Users took to microblogging site Twitter to post their complaints.
Customers said the fingerprint reading Touch ID feature was also not working after the update.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

In US  Medical Record is Worth More to Hackers Than Credit CardYou are here: Home Industries
In US, Medical Record is Worth More to Hackers Than Credit Card
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 08:21 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New York/Boston: Your medical information is worth 10 times more than your credit card number on the black market.
Last month, the FBI warned healthcare providers to guard against cyber-attacks after one of the largest US hospital operators, Community Health Systems Inc, said Chinese hackers had broken into its computer network and stolen the personal information of 4.5 million patients.
Security experts say cyber criminals are increasingly targeting the $3 trillion US healthcare industry, which has many companies still reliant on aging computer systems that do not use the latest security features.
"As attackers discover new methods to make money, the healthcare industry is becoming a much riper target because of the ability to sell large batches of personal data for profit," said Dave Kennedy, an expert on healthcare security and CEO of TrustedSEC LLC. "Hospitals have low security, so it's relatively easy for these hackers to get a large amount of personal data for medical fraud."
Interviews with nearly a dozen healthcare executives, cyber-security investigators and fraud experts provide a detailed account of the underground market for stolen patient data.
The data for sale includes names, birth dates, policy numbers, diagnosis codes and billing information. Fraudsters use this data to create fake IDs to buy medical equipment or drugs that can be resold, or they combine a patient number with a false provider number and file made-up claims with insurers, according to experts who have investigated cyber-attacks on healthcare organizations.
Medical identity theft is often not immediately identified by a patient or their provider, giving criminals years to milk such credentials. That makes medical data more valuable than credit cards, which tend to be quickly canceled by banks once fraud is detected.
Stolen health credentials can go for $10 each, about 10 or 20 times the value of a US credit card number, according to Don Jackson, director of threat intelligence at PhishLabs, a cyber crime protection company. He obtained the data by monitoring underground exchanges where hackers sell the information.
Attacks on the rise
The percentage of healthcare organizations that have reported a criminal cyber-attack has risen to 40 per cent in 2013 from 20 per cent in 2009, according to an annual survey by the Ponemon Institute think tank on data protection policy.
Founder Larry Ponemon, who is privy to details of attacks on healthcare firms that have not been made public, said he has seen an increase this year in both the number of cyber-attacks and number of records stolen in those breaches.
Fueling that increase is a shift to electronic medical records by a majority of US healthcare providers.
Marc Probst, chief information officer of Intermountain Healthcare in Salt Lake City, said his hospital system fends off thousands of attempts to penetrate its network each week. So far it is not aware of a successful attack.
"The only reason to buy that data is so they can fraudulently bill," Probst said.
Healthcare providers and insurers must publicly disclose data breaches affecting more than 500 people, but there are no laws requiring criminal prosecution. As a result, the total cost of cyber-attacks on the healthcare system is difficult to pin down. Insurance industry experts say they are one of many expenses ultimately passed onto Americans as part of rising health insurance premiums.
Consumers sometimes discover their credentials have been stolen only after fraudsters use their personal medical ID to impersonate them and obtain health services. When the unpaid bills are sent on to debt collectors, they track down the fraud victims and seek payment.
Ponemon cited a case last year in which one patient learned that his records at a major hospital chain were compromised after he started receiving bills related to a heart procedure he had not undergone. The man's credentials were also used to buy a mobility scooter and several pieces of medical equipment, racking up tens of thousands of dollars in total fraud.
Medicare fraud
The government's efforts to combat Medicare fraud have focused on traditional types of scams that involve provider billing and over billing. Fraud involving the Medicare program for seniors and the disabled totaled more than $6 billion in the last two years, according to a database maintained by Medical Identity Fraud Alliance.
"Healthcare providers and hospitals are just some of the easiest networks to break into," said Jeff Horne, vice president at cybersecurity firm Accuvant, which is majority-owned by private equity firm Blackstone Group.
"When I've looked at hospitals, and when I've talked to other people inside of a breach, they are using very old legacy systems - Windows systems that are 10 plus years old that have not seen a patch."
KPMG partner Michael Ebert said security has been an afterthought for many medical providers - whether it is building encryption into software used to create electronic patient records or in setting budgets.
"Are you going to put money into a brand new MRI machine or laser surgery or are you going to put money into a new firewall?" he said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

China Steel Demand Shrinks for First Time in 14 Years as Slowdown StingsYou are here: Home Global Economy
China Steel Demand Shrinks for First Time in 14 Years as Slowdown Stings
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 17:01 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Dalian, China: China's steel consumption dropped this year for the first time since at least 2000 due to slower economic growth, leading to a surplus of iron ore in the country and a more than 40 per cent plunge in prices of the steelmaking raw material.
But top global miners like Vale and Rio Tinto, which have invested billions of dollars to ramp up output to sell more iron ore to China, are still convinced that Chinese demand has yet to peak with an urbanisation drive there expected to last at least another decade.
Apparent crude steel consumption in China, the world's top consumer and producer of the alloy, fell 1.9 per cent on year to 61.9 million tonnes in August, Wang Xiaoqi, vice chairman of the China Iron and Steel Association, told an industry conference.
"There are many reasons for this - the economy slowing and the economy undergoing restructuring. Steel consuming sectors have cut their demand," Wang said on Thursday.
With China now focusing growth on consumption and away from investment that has fuelled years of massive expansion in China's steel sector, Wang said: "From now, domestic steel output and consumption won't rise along with economic growth."
China's steel consumption dropped 0.3 per cent to 500 million tonnes in the first eight months of the year, he said.
China's economy got off to a weak start this year as first-quarter growth cooled to a six-quarter low of 7.4 per cent. Beijing responded with a flurry of stimulus measures that pushed the pace up slightly to 7.5 per cent in the second quarter, but soft July and August data suggest the boost is rapidly waning.
The decline in China's steel consumption this year marks the first time demand has shrunk since 2000, said CLSA commodity strategist Ian Roper, who has tracked the data since that year.
"We've been bearish for a while saying property construction activity has peaked, but maybe the scale of the decline will be faster than we anticipated," Roper said.
"This reinforces our view that there will be a multi-year downtrend in demand for iron ore, and there's no hope for a recovery in prices to anywhere near $100/tonne," he added.
Iron ore fell below $80 a tonne this week for the first time since September 2009 and is on track for its biggest-ever annual drop amid a deep supply glut stoked by top, low-cost producers including Rio and Vale.
Shanghai rebar futures, which plunged more than 3 per cent to a record low on Thursday, have shed around 30 per cent of their value this year and could come under further pressure if output remains high amid poor demand.
China's crude steel output is likely to hit 826 million tonnes for the year, said Wang, up 6 per cent from the official 2013 output figure released by the government but only slightly above the 822 million tonnes cited in August by leading steelmaker Baoshan Iron and Steel.
Weak demand has been a big strain on China's steel sector this year with Beijing, in a bid to cut down overcapacity, not too keen on rescuing companies as it has done before for fear of bloating the government's bad debts.
Sinosteel Corp, China's biggest state-owned steel trader earlier told financial magazine Caixin that it was facing financial problems due to unpaid bills from customers, but denied rumours that it is struggling because of overdue loans amounting to 10 billion yuan ($1.63 billion).
ANOTHER TEN YEARS
Amid slower steel consumption, iron ore supply exceeded demand in China by 81 million tonnes over January to August, CISA's Wang said.
But Claudio Alves, global director of iron ore marketing and sales at Vale, said the "cycle of development and urbanisation in China will continue for another 10 years", suggesting the country's iron ore demand will remain strong.
The world's top iron ore producer, Vale, is targeting to raise its annual output to 453 million tonnes by 2018 from 306 million tonnes last year.
Second-ranked Rio Tinto agrees, saying long-term fundamentals remain strong. "We expect Chinese growth in steel consumption per capita to continue out as far as 2030 ... Rio Tinto's assessment remains that China will reach around 1 billion tonnes of crude steel demand by 2030," said Alan Smith, Asia president for Rio Tinto Iron Ore.
But Baosteel President Dai Zhihao said current low iron ore prices are here to stay, reiterating that China's steel production will peak at 800-900 million tonnes around 2018.
"I personally feel this fall represents a new status quo. Looking at the distribution of profit across this industry and at the relationship between supply and demand, the current price is rational. An even lower price will be rational," Dai said.
(1 US dollar = 6.1363 Chinese yuan)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

GlaxoSmithKline Appoints RBS s Hampton as Next ChairmanSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
London: Drug maker GlaxoSmithKline confirmed on Thursday it has chosen Philip Hampton, who currently chairs Royal Bank of Scotland, as its next chairman.
Mr Hampton will take the helm at Britain's top pharmaceuticals group at a testing time. GSK was hit last week by a record $489 million fine in China for bribing doctors and has warned on profits in 2014 due to weak sales of its core respiratory drugs.
He will join the board in January, become deputy chairman on April 1 and chairman with effect from September 1, 2015 or earlier if released from other commitments.
The long handover reflects the difficulty of replacing Mr Hampton at RBS ahead of next May's UK general election, given the fact the bank is 80-per cent state-owned and the government will take a keen interest in the appointment.
Reuters reported on Monday that GSK was under pressure to make changes, including a possible early replacement of the current chairman, Chris Gent, as a result of its problems which have undermined investor confidence.
A person close to the process had previously said that Mr Hampton was set to be named as GSK's chairman this week.
Several investors see the board change at GSK as overdue - Mr Gent has been in the job for nine years - and analysts at Goldman Sachs believe a new chairman could "kick-start" change.
Mr Gent, best-known for leading mobile phone company Vodafone during a period of rapid growth, was due to retire by the end of 2015 and the drug maker said it had been planning for his succession over the last two years.
Before RBS, Mr Hampton chaired supermarket chain Sainsbury and was group finance director at Lloyds TSB, BT Group, BG Group, British Gas and British Steel.
GSK will be hoping that the move placates investors while giving its pressured chief executive Andrew Witty time to turn around the business.
Mr Witty, a veteran GSK insider who was appointed CEO by Mr Gent in 2008, has been viewed as a star manager for much of his six-year tenure. But he has been tarnished by the China scandal, which forced GSK to make an abject apology to the Chinese people last week.
As the new chairman a key task for Mr Hampton will be to help steer the drug maker back to sustainable growth and, in the longer term, potentially finding an eventual successor to Mr Witty.
GSK's share price performance has lagged badly in recent months. While the Stoxx Europe 600 healthcare sector index has risen by around a fifth this year on optimism over new drugs, GSK's shares have lost 11 per cent as forecasts for its sales and earnings have fallen.
The company unveiled a far-reaching asset swap deal with Novartis in April that will build up its strengths in vaccines and consumer health, in exchange for exiting the hot area of cancer medicine.
But many analysts believe that even after the Novartis deal closes next year the new-look GSK will still struggle to grow as rapidly as its peers.
Possible actions to improve matters could include further cost-cutting and allocating more capital to buying in promising new drugs, Goldman analysts said, with a long-term option being to sell off the vaccines or consumer health operations.
Parachuted in
Mr Hampton has been chairman of RBS since 2009 when he was parachuted in to help rescue the bank following its 45 billion pounds ($74 billion) bailout during the financial crisis.
He has previously said that a chairman should typically serve between five and seven years at a listed company and is expected to stay at RBS until a successor is appointed, according to industry sources.
Mr Hampton has led RBS through a turbulent period of transition during which it shed assets worth 1 trillion pounds to rid itself of toxic loans built up during a period of aggressive lending in the run-up to the financial crisis.
However, the bank's attempts to return to health have been held back by the legacy of past misconduct, which included fines of $612 million for the fixing of benchmark interest rates and accusations over how it treated struggling small firms.
Mr Hampton had hoped to oversee the start of RBS's return to full private ownership but that prospect is still seen to be several years away with its shares trading well below the price the government bought them at, leaving taxpayers sitting on a loss of 13 billion pounds.
(1 dollar = 0.6117 pounds)

BlackBerry Reports Smaller-Than-Expected Loss; Revenue FallsSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
BlackBerry Ltd reported a much smaller-than-expected quarterly loss on Friday and said it was concentrating on growth and investments, even as concerns about weak revenue linger.
The Waterloo, Ontario-based company, which is pivoting to focus more on software and services as part of a drawn-out turnaround, also reported a huge number of conversions onto its heavily promoted new mobile device management platform.
"Broadly speaking, they're doing the right things ... but that revenue number is getting real small," said BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis.
John Chen, who became BlackBerry's chief executive officer in November, is "coming up to one year (in the job), and it's still declining by big numbers," Gillis said.
Chen has moved rapidly to cut costs, sell certain assets and strengthen the company's balance sheet. He has said however, that any revenue growth is only likely to begin in 2015, with the sales of new products and services.
Analysts and investors were still skeptical. BlackBerry shares, which jumped briefly following news of the smaller-than-expected loss, were down 2 percent at $9.60 in trading before the market opened.
QUARTERLY RESULTS
The Waterloo, Ontario-based company reported a net loss of $207 million, or 39 cents per share, for the second quarter ended Aug. 30. That compared with a year-earlier loss of $965 million, or $1.84 per share.
Excluding one-time items such as charges for restructuring and a change in the fair value of debentures, the loss was 2 cents a share. On that basis, analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S were expecting a 16-cent loss.
"Our workforce restructuring is now complete, and we are focusing on revenue growth with judicious investments to further our leadership position in enterprise mobility and security," Chen said in a statement.
Revenue fell more than 40 percent to $916 million from a year earlier. While it increased from the prior quarter in North America, it slipped elsewhere.
Chen wants BlackBerry to stay a competitor in smartphones while building on strengths in areas like mobile data security and mobile device management.
The success of this plan depends to a large degree on the revenue generation abilities of the company's new mobile device management system, BlackBerry Enterprise Service 12 (BES12). The software, which is set for a mid-November launch, allows companies and government agencies to manage and secure not just BlackBerry devices running on their networks, but also Android, Windows and iOS-based phones and tablets.
BlackBerry said it had issued 3.4 million licenses for its current BES10 platform, a sharp increase from the prior quarter. Some 25 percent of the new customers came from rival mobile device managers. These new clients will automatically be entitled to BES12 upgrades.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Lemierres skills to be tested by BNPJean Lemierre has earned his place at the head of the BNP Paribas table
By Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7cba748e-44e6-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GODREJ LOUD FINALE PART 216:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

Jayalalithaa conviction: As it happenedUpdated: September 29, 2014 14:36 IST
Jayalalithaa conviction: As it happened
Tweet
The Hindu The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
The Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Parappana Agrahara court complex in Bangalore on Saturday. A special court has convicted her in a disproportionate wealth case.
PTI A file photo of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa with her close aide Sasikala in Chennai on February 2008.
TOPICS
 Jayalalithaa wealth case
Minute-by-minute coverage of the historic verdict against Jayalalithaa in the disproportinate assets case.
September 29: Jayalalithaa's appeal against Special Court's conviction order was filed in the Karnataka High Court around 11 a.m. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence, in the High Court's registry section. Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala, her relatives V.N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also approached the High Court, seeking bail. Senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani will represent Jayalalithaa with the defence team. O. Panneerselvam takes oath as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
September 28 (Sunday): Stray incidents of violence reported across Tamil Nadu
19:11: In Ooty a group of supporters burnt an effigy of DMK leader M.Karunanidhi opposite the municipal market,pulled down banners and hoardings of the DMK and staged road blockade agitations in busy areas like Charing Cross,Garden Road and the Coffee House junction.
In Coonoor, Gudalur, Kotagiri, Pandhalur and Manjoor also normal life was hit with most of the commercial establishments remaining closed.
18:37: Since buses have been suspended in many districts, share-autorickshaws are charging as much as Rs. 100 for a short distance of 5 km
Thanks to heavy police presence, no major problems have been reported in southern districts.
There is huge rush for trains in southern districts. Commuters heading to Chennai are lining up in Tirunelveli and Kanyakumari junctions.
Candidates appearing for TNPSC exams tomorrow in Chennai are anxious to know if the exams will be go on as scheduled.
Shops and establishments have not opened as a precautionary measure in many towns in this region. The Theni district administration has ordered closure of TASMAC outlets.
18:00 On Jayalalithaa's political future: She is disqualified from contest for the period of imprisonment (four years) and six years thereafter. A total of 10years. At the same time, she has the right of appeal. At the time of appeal, the sentence is usually suspended, but in rare, very rare cases, the court may grant stay of conviction. In such a situation, it may be argued that by getting a stay on conviction she has re-acquired the qualification to contest. In the event of there being no such stay, but only an order suspending the sentence and granting bail, she may be unable to contest until the High Court gives its final verdict on her appeal. If and when she re-acquires eligibility to contest, she has to come into the Assembly only through a by-election.
17:56: Shops remained closed at Ariyalur and towns such as Thirumanur, Jayamkondam, Andimandam and T.Pazhur in Ariylaur district. There was stone-pelting between the AIADMK and DMK cadres at Senthurai in which two persons were injured. Bus services remained suspended in most parts of the two districts.
.,17:55: Cadres of the AIADMK and the DMK pelted stones against each other after the former attacked the office of the former Union Minister A.Raja in Perambalur. The DMK cadres retaliated after some AIADMK supporters pelted stones at the office. AIADMK cadre also pulled down a 50-foot flag post of the DMK and damaged its base near Perambalur New Bus Stand. The party cadre also resorted to a road blockade near the bus stand for about 30 minutes and burnt effigies of DMK president M.Karunanidhi and BJP leader Subramanian Swamy. Shops remained closed in Perambalur and Veppanthattai.
17:01: Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 100 crore; each of the other accused have been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs. 10 crore. Read full report
16:53: Verdict in Jayalalithaa case comes as a rude shock to the ruling AIADMK, casting a doubt over the 66-year-old leader’s political future ahead of the 2016 Assembly polls. Read more
Jayalalithaa has earned the dubious distinction of becoming the first Chief Minister in the country to be found guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
16:42: Situation near Bangalore Court: A bus full of AIADMK party workers taken out of Parappana Aagrahara by the police.
Prohibitory orders in Parappana Agrahara extended from 1 km radius of the court to 5 km now.
People huddled in groups are being chased away
The HinduThe remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
(The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan)
16:04 Report from Bangalore: The crowd waiting near the Special Court on Hosur road is dispersing and the movement of traffic on the busy national highway is also smooth.
Meanwhile, the police have beefed up security around the court, awaiting the quantum of sentence.
T. Selvan, who came from Coimbatore this morning by train said he was disappointed. He said he is leaving to railway station to catch the train back home.
Many others are waiting to know the sentence that will be known shortly.
15.41: DMK supporters, wielding sticks and iron bars, guard Karunanidhi’s home
15.28: All roads leading to Mr. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence have been cordoned off. A group of AIADMK cadre are still arguing with the policemen on security duty accusing them of conniving with the DMK leader.
15.25: In Coimbatore, AIADMK supporters march from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" on Huzur across to Avanashi Road hardly 500m away raising slogans against the DMK and Karunanidhi. The procession ended in violence and even as the cadre started attacking the vehicles, the police intervened and diverted traffic. However, the cadre continued to resort to a road blockade.
Police diverted traffic off Avanashi Road and the entire otherwise busy stretch wore a deserted look. By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas.
The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m., even before the court was about to pronounce the quantum of sentence.
Effigies of Mr. Karunanidhi and DMK General Secretary K. Anbazhagan was reported on Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai. A self-immolation bid was also reported from Palladam in the neighbouring Tirupur district. Bus services started thinning down as a matter of precaution.
As a matter of precaution, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre with emotions running high resulting in slogan shouting.
15.13: Jayalalithaa convicted, what next? Can she appeal? Or is this it? Who becomes next CM now? Read here
15.11: AIADMK supporters try to storm into DMK president M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence in Chennai. Pelt stones, a fight breaks out between the two party men. A DMK supporter sustains bleeding injuries. Full report
15.08: Chennai Connect @ChennaiConnect tweets: Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated.
Effigy burning at Lloyds Rd where AIADMK office is situated. pic.twitter.com/abnbVEkKZO
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
15.04: Shops and commercial establishments have started closing down across central districts following the conviction of Jayalalaithaa. Shops have been closed in Thanjavur, Nagapattinam, Karur, Pudukottai and Perambalur.
15.03: At Puducherry, the Puducherry Road Transport Corporation has suspended its premier Volvo bus services to Chennai fearing violence in the wake of the Bangalore special court verdict holding Jayalalithaa guilty. The PRTC is adopting a wait and watch approach and will take a call on running long-haul Volvo buses scheduled later in the day and other regular services to destinations in Tamil Nadu according to the situation, an official said.
14.59: In Madurai.. the scene is a bit tense as reports of AIADMK cadres pelting stones in a few places are coming in. police have stepped up security near Subramanian Swamy's house in Madurai. TNSTC buses suspended to many southern districts from Madurai, but police say it's a precautionary step. Many shops around Meenakshi temple down shutters.
14:55: Minutes after AIADMK partymen burnt the effigy of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi on Saturday afternoon, the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation halted its services from the main bus stand in Erode.
TNSTC sources said the buses have been halted following information that damage would be caused to the vehicles by agitating AIADMK partymen. "We have asked for protection from the police department to operate the buses in batches," a senior official said.
While the early morning bus to Mysore had completed the trip and returned, a few buses that departed in the late morning hours were stopped at the Tamil Nadu border at Kolinjur.
However, the Karnataka State Transport Corporation Bus had not operated its bus service to Erode since morning. In view of the tense situation, other vehicles bound for Tamil Nadu from Karnkataka have been stopped at Chamaraj Nagar district bordering Tamil Nadu, Superintendent of Police M.R. Sibi Chakravarthy said.
After burning the effigy, the AIADMK partymen squatted on the road and blocked the traffic for a while. Soon after, a posse of police personnel rushed to the main bus stand and defused the situation.
Madurai: There are reports that AIADMK cadres are indulging in pelting stones on buses across Madurai region comprising nine districts in south Tamil Nadu.
Shops and establishments have downed shutters. TASMAC outlets have closed. Buses on the long run have been suspended apprehending problems by miscreants.
14.50: Tense situation prevails at Jayalalithaa’s constituency Srirangam. A group of partymen go around the temple town asking shops to close down. Many shopkeepers down shutters voluntarily. Full report
The police were in small strength and were mutely watching the situation.
14:47: In Coimbatore, the AIADMK cadre marched from the party office "Idhaya Deivam Maaligai" situated on Huzur road towards Avanashi road, raising slogans against the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) and its leader M. Karunanidhi. The procession resulted in violence with the cadre attacking the vehicles. The police intervened and diverted the traffic. The cadres continued to resort to a road blockade.
By 2.30 p.m., there were reports of the AIADMK cadre forcing shop keepers to down shutters across the city and rural areas. The city and peripheral areas wore a deserted look with closed shops and empty streets by 3 p.m. Office goers began rushing home by 2.30 p.m. itself. Normal life was thrown out of gear.
There are reports from Avanashi Road, Pollachi and Karumbukkadai stating that the effigies of DMK leader M. Karunanidhi and General Secretary K. Anbazhagan were set on fire.
Incidents of self-immolation bids were reported from Coimbatore, Palladam and Tirupur.
Bus services have started thinning down. Bus stand at Gandhipuram witnessed hundreds of passengers waiting for hours together.
As a precautionary measure, the DMK party office on Cross Cut Road in Coimbatore was closed by 3.15 p.m. and the AIADMK party office saw cadre indulging slogan shouting.
In one attempt at Anna Statue on Avanashi Road, an AIADMK cadre who was setting ablaze an effigy suffered burn injuries and was rushed to the hospital.
14.40 : While the prosecution pressed for conviction, the accused sought a liberal approach due to their age. Section 13(2) and 13(1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, under which she has been convicted attracts a minimum punishment of one year and a maximum sentence up to seven years.
14.35 : Jayalalithaa's aides, Sasikala, V.N. Sudhakaran and J. Ilavarasi have also been convicted under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 in the disproporrtionate assets case registered almost 18 years ago.
Judge John Michael Cunha pronounced the verdict at Gandhi Bhavan, in front of Bangalore Cenral Prison at Parappana Agrahara, where the court has been temporarily shifted for pronouncing the verdict in view of the Z+ security provided to Jayalalithaa.
14.15 : Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa convicted of all charges, SPP G. Bhavani Singh told The Hindu. Arguments on quantum of sentence will begin at 3 p.m., Mr. Singh said adding the prosecution will press for maximum sentence for the four accused including Jayalalithaa. Consequently, according to the Peoples Representation Act, Jayalalithaa would be disqualified as an MLA and will lose her Chief Minister position instantlly. As a pointer, the National Flag on her car was removed. Read here
13:10 : Even though the verdict is yet to come, the mood in the DMK camp is upbeat and hundreds of partymen have assembled outside M. Karunanidhi's Gopalapuram residence. They are celebrating.
12:39 : Police cane-charge AIADMK supporters who were trying to proceed towards the special court in Bangalore, PTI reports. As the AIADMK sympathisers attempted to break the security cordon at Hosur Road Junction near the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border, police pushed them back with ‘mild’ cane-charge.
12: 03 p.m: Premature celebrations at AIADMK HQ as supporters burst fireworks. There isn't any security in place.
11: 50 a.m: Lawyers emerging from the court say the verdict has been postponed to 1 p.m.
Chennai Mayor Saidai Duraisami and Power Minister Natham Vishwanathan pacing around outside the court complex.
11: 39 a.m: Police resort to mild lathicharge against surging AIADMK supporters.
11: 28 a.m: A refresher about the case and a timeline of events as we wait for the judgment. Read here
We have a series of questions coming in from our readers, our experts are answering them here :
Q : Do you think DMK will gain political mileage if the verdict goes against Jaya.
Yes. The DMK will gain political mileage, more so in the 2016 Assembly elections
Q: Can Jayalalithaa put a case on DMK if she wins today?
A: For malicious prosecution? No, because it is the State which is prosecuting her. In her private capacity, she is free to file any case against anybody, but not through the government.
Q from @bhushan_tweets: What does exactly the sec 8(4) of Representation of the People Act say? How is it helping the politicians?
A: The section is no more valid. It has been declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. It was earlier used to protect sitting MLAs and MPs. It said when an MLA or MP is convicted while in office, the disqualification normally applicable to others will be deferred for three months. If an appeal is filed in the meantime, the disqualification is automatically stayed. This helped them continue in office without obtaining a favourable order on appeal.
Q: Who becomes next CM if Ms. Jayalaithaa gets convicted?
A: It's anybody's guess. There are many names doing the rounds. Finance Minister O.Panneerselvam, who on a similar occasion earlier became Chief Minister, and Visalakshi Nedunchezhian top the list.
Q: If convicted, can she appeal? Or is this it?
A: She has the right to appeal. This is only a Special Court.
As we wait for the judgement do head over to our live chat with our in-house experts to clarify all your questions on the case.
10: 50 a.m: A large number of AIADMK supporters arrive in Bangalore.
10: 40 a.m: Five Ministers whose vehicles were stuck in a traffic jam are walking towards the venue : O. Paneerselvam, Power Minister Nattam Vishwanatham, Housing board Minister Vaidyalingam, Highways Minister Yedapadi Palaniswamy, Rural Development Minister Pa. Mohan
10: 38 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa arrives at the Bangalore Court complex clad in a green saree, considered lucky for her. With her were close aide Sasikala, VN Sudhakaran and J Ilavarasi.
10: 36 a.m: Traffic movement has been stopped on Hosur Road.
10: 30 a.m: Jayalalithaa to arrive in a few minutes to Parapana Agrahara. Anxiety high among followers as the police make arrangements with alternative route.
#AIADMK cadre at the party headquarters in Chennai gather, raising slogans praising their leader. pic.twitter.com/S2ZnN1GS3Q
— Chennai Connect (@ChennaiConnect) September 27, 2014
10: 25 a.m: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on her way to the Special Court in Gandhi Bhavan at Parapana Agrahara, police sources say.
10: 07 a.m: Most AIADMK big-wigs take position 20 metres away from court with VVIP passes. Rajya Sabha MP Navaneethakrishnan waves to the media.
If convicted, Jayalalithaa will face immediate disqualification as Member of the Legislative Assembly and will have to relinquish office.
If acquitted, it will free her of all charges, further reinforcing her claim that the case was based on rival DMK's political vendetta.
9:59 a.m: Meanwhile, the AIADMK headquarters in Chennai wears a deserted look.
9:50 a.m: Judge John Michael Cunha arrives at Parapana Agrahara with full security.
Man of the moment: Judge John Michael Cunha: Read
9:40 a.m: All cameras are set for the big verdict. Chief Minister Jayalalithaa is expected here after 10:30 a.m.
9.33 am: Several leaders and supporters of AIADMK gathered on Hosur Road to welcome Jayalalithaa leading to huge traffic jam on roads leading to Special Court venue.
9:24 a.m: All shops near the Bangalore Court have been shut today.
9.24 a.m.: The AIADMK's Karnataka State Unit president Pugazhandi has put out a series of banners and posters from Outer Ring Road junction leading to the venue of Special Court near Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara. All shops forced shut near court
9.15 a.m.: AIADMK workers bring traffic to a standstill on Hosur Road en route court complex
All eyes at the Parappana Agrahara prison complex, where the judgment is set to be pronounced: Read
9:10 a.m: Jayalalithaa has reached Chennai airport and is to fly to Bangalore shortly
Helipad being readied in Bangalore ahead of Ms. Jayalalithaa's landing.
9.07 a.m.: TN Minister B.V. Ramana left for the court complex
8.45 a.m: AIADMK workers flood Bangalore with posters of Amma. A taste of Chennai in Bangalore?
8: 30 a.m: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa left her Poes Garden residence in Chennai. Expected to reach airport at 9 am and take special aircraft to Bangalore. Read here
Silver articles and gold ornaments found at Ms. Jayalalithaa's residence in 1997. The Hindu Archives
All you need to know about the case today: Timeline of events and more. Read here
An epic trial that witnessed a see-saw battle for 18 years reaches its climax today. The case against her is that she acquired wealth worth Rs. 66.65 crore during her stint as Chief Minister between 1991 and 1996, and that she was abetted in this by her aide Ms. Sasikala and two of her relatives, V.N. Sudhakaran (Ms. Jayalalithaa’s former foster son) and J. Ilavarasi. The defence has argued that there was no evidence to show that three of them were ‘benamis’ of Ms. Jayalalithaa and that all four have accounted for their assets through legitimate means.
Follow this space for live updates.

Modi hits out at Pakistan but offers dialogueModi hits out at Pakistan but offers dialogue
PTI
Prime Minister Narender Modi addressing the UNGA at New York in the television grab. -- Photo: P.V.SIVAKUMAR
Modi’s speech covered subjects such as terrorism, resurgence in West Asia, reforms of the United Nations
United Nations, Sept 27:  
Hitting out at Pakistan for raking up the Kashmir issue at the UN, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today offered to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue “without the shadow of terrrorism” while asking it to create an “appropriate environment” for that.
In a clear rebuff to his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif, who had yesterday insisted on a plebiscite in Kashmir, Modi said, “raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries“.
In his maiden address to the 193-member UN General Assembly, the Prime Minister did not directly refer to Sharif who had attacked India on Kashmir in his speech to the forum yesterday, but asserted that Pakistan must take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment for a bilateral dialogue to promote friendship and cooperation.
The Indian leader underlined that his government placed the highest priority on advancing friendship and cooperation with its neighbours, including Pakistan.
Speaking in Hindi, Modi said, “I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism, to promote our friendship and cooperation.
He made references to the rise of terrorism in various parts of the world where the menace was “taking new shape and new name” and said that no country big or small was free from its threat.
Without naming Pakistan, the prime minister said even today “states allow terrorist sanctuaries on their territory or use terrorism as instruments of their policy“.
Modi’s 35-minute address covered a number of subjects such as terrorism, including its resurgence in West Asia, reforms of the United Nations, including the Security Council, and the need for a more inclusive global development.
Talking about India’s neighbourhood, the Prime Minister said that India desired a peaceful and stable environment for its development. “A nation’s destiny is linked to its neighbourhood. That is why my government has placed the highest priority on advancing friendship and cooperation with her neighbours.”
He told Pakistan that instead of raising issues at the UN, “today we should be thinking about the victims of floods in Jammu and Kashmir. In India, we have organised massive flood relief operations and have also offered assistance for Pakistan-occupied Kashmir“.
“India is part of the developing world, but we are prepared to share our modest resources with those countries that need this assistance as much as we do,” he said.
Describing the present as “a time of great flux and change”, Modi said the world was witnessing tensions and turmoil on a scale rarely seen in recent history. Although there were no major wars “there is absence of real peace and uncertainty about the future“.
He referred to the Asia-Pacific region and said that it was “still concerned about maritime security that is fundamental to its future.”
While “extremism and fault lines” were growing in West Asia, Modi said, “our own region continues to face the destabilising threat of terrorism”.
Modi told the General Assembly that terrorism was taking “new shape and new name” and no country, big or small was free from its threat.
He went on to ask, “are we really making concerted international efforts to fight these forces, or are we still hobbled by our politics, our division, our discrimination between two countries, distinction between good and bad terrorists?”
Without naming Pakistan, the prime minister said even today “states allow terrorist sanctuaries on their territory or use terrorism as instruments of their policy“.
In an apparent reference to the ongoing conflict in Iraq and Syria, where a US-led coalition is attacking the Islamic State (IS) militants, he said that India welcomed efforts to combat terrorism’s resurgence in West Asia which was affecting countries near and far.
He pointedly emphasised, “this effort should involve the support of all countries in the region“.
Pressing for a concerted international effort to combat terrorism and extremism, the Indian leader urged the world body to adopt the Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
Calling for reform of the United Nations, including the Security Council, whose membership India is aspiring for, Modi said the world body should be more democratic and participative.
“Institutions that reflect the imperatives of the 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st. It would face the risk of irrelevance and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it,” he said.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)

Ban Ki-moon thanks India for contribution to U.N. peacekeeping effortspeace negotiations
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has expressed gratitude to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for India’s “significant contribution” to peacekeeping operations and voiced admiration for his focus on improving the socio-economic well-being of the country’s people.
Mr. Modi met Mr. Ban ahead of his maiden address to the U.N. General Assembly and the two leaders discussed regional issues as well as climate change.
“The Secretary-General expressed his admiration for the Prime Minister’s focus on improving the socio-economic well-being of all Indian people. They discussed climate change and the need to address this challenge.
“The Secretary-General thanked India for its significant contribution to United Nations peacekeeping operations. They also discussed regional issues,” Mr. Ban’s spokesperson said in a statement.
External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters that the two leaders discussed issues like imminent reforms in the U.N. and the need to involve countries contributing peace troops in the decision making process of the multilateral institution.
Mr. Modi made a strong pitch before Mr. Ban for the U.N. reforms before its 70th anniversary next year, Mr. Akbaruddin said.

Occupy Central launches protest in HKHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police officer shot in FergusonFERGUSON, Missouri, September 28, 2014
Updated: September 28, 2014 11:26 IST
Police officer shot in Ferguson
AP
Tweet
AP A police officer takes pictures outside the Ferguson Community Center at 1050 Smith Avenue on Saturday, in Ferguson, Missouri. Authorities say a police officer was shot in Ferguson on Saturday, the city that has been the scene of unrest since the August 9 shooting of Michael Brown, an unarmed, black 18-year-old, by a white police officer.
TOPICS
crime
St. Louis County police say a Ferguson officer was shot after encountering two suspects at a community center who fired at him during a foot chase.
County Police Chief Jon Belmar says the officer was shot in the arm and is expected to survive. Mr. Belmar did not identify the officer or give further details about his condition.
A search was underway for the suspects early on Sunday.
Mr. Belmar says he does not think the shooting was related to two separate protests that were going on Saturday night around the same time.
The city has been the scene of unrest since the Aug. 9 shooting of Michael Brown, an unarmed, black 18-year-old, by a white police officer.
The circumstances surrounding the shooting were not immediately clear. The city has been the scene of unrest since the August 9 shooting of Michael Brown.
By midnight, approximately two dozen officers stood near a group of about 100 protesters who mingled on a street corner across from the police department, occasionally shouting, “No justice; no peace.”
Nearby, part of a road was closed in town as police conducted a search. At least a dozen law enforcement agencies were responding, and police helicopters were canvassing the area.
The officer’s shooting comes after Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson issued a videotaped apology to Brown’s family earlier in the week and attempted to march with protesters, an effort that led to a clash with activists and several arrests on Thursday.
Messages left with Mr. Jackson and spokesmen for the Missouri Highway Patrol on Saturday night were not immediately returned. Dispatchers with county police and city police said they could not immediately provide any details.
A county grand jury is weighing whether to indict Ferguson officer Darren Wilson in Brown’s shooting.
The Justice Department, which is investigating whether Brown’s civil rights were violated, is conducting a broader probe into Ferguson police. On Friday, it urged Mr. Jackson to ban his officers from wearing bracelets supporting Wilson while on duty and from covering up their name plates with black tape.
Ferguson residents complained about the bracelets, which are black with “I am Darren Wilson” in white lettering, at a meeting with federal officials this week.
Brown’s shooting has also focused attention on the lack of diversity in many police departments across the country. In Ferguson, of 53 officers in a community that is two-thirds black, only three are African-American.

India needs over $250 bn investments in power sector: ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maharashtra Assembly polls: Over 7 000 candidates file nomination11
0
Mumbai: As many as 7,401 candidates have filed nominations for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls, which is set to witness a five-cornered contest in all the 288 constituencies.
The nomination process ended on Saturday with approximately 7,401 candidates filing their papers, state electoral office said Sunday.
The final list of candidates from few constituencies has not been received by the state electoral office.
On the last day of filing of nominations yesterday, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Home Minister RR Patil filed their papers.
The highest 91 nominations have been filed from Nanded-South constituency while the lowest nine each have been filed at Guhagar (in Ratnagiri), Mahim (Mumbai) and Kudal (Sindhudurg) seats.
Congress campaign committee chief Narayan Rane is contesting from Kudal.
On the last day of filing of nominations yesterday, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Home Minister RR Patil filed their papers.
Chavan, who resigned as Chief Minister after the Nationalist Congress Party pulled out of the government, filed nomination from Karad South amidst rousing welcome from supporters.
This will be Chavan's first electoral battle after he lost the 1999 Lok Sabha elections from Karad, which he represented thrice.
MNS chief Raj Thackeray, who had declared at a rally a few months ago that he would enter the electoral battle by contesting the polls, will not contest.
The Congress has fielded candidates for all the 288 seats, while the NCP has fielded 286 candidates. The BJP has fielded candidates in 257 seats, state party spokesperson Keshav Upadhye had said yesterday.
"The remaining 31 seats have been given to our allies," he said.
Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray, whose name was being pitched by his party as the Chief Ministerial candidate, is also not contesting.
The Sena declared a list of 286 candidates. The two constituencies where the party has not fielded candidates are Parli, where Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja is BJP nominee, and Byculla, where Arun Gawli's daughter Geeta is nominee.
The scrutiny will take place on September 29 and last date of withdrawing the nominations is September 30.
1

Maharashtra: Congress s Madhu Chavan takes on his BJP namesake in Byculla poll9
0
Mumbai: In South Mumbai's Byculla constituency, Congress' Madhu Chavan is taking on his namesake from BJP in the October 15 elections but both the candidates are not worried about the similarity in their names. This is not the first time that two Chavans are pitted against each other in this South Mumbai parliamentary constituency.
Byculla, once the den of now incarcerated underworld don Arun Gawli, is famous for Dagdi chawl, from where Gawli once ran his operations, Arthur Road Jail and also the Byculla zoo.
Sitting Congress MLA Madhu Chavan said he had contested against his namesake from BJP for the first time in 1999.
Sitting Congress MLA Madhu Chavan said he had contested against his namesake from BJP for the first time in 1999.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #congress #bjp
"There is no problem as I am called 'Anna' in my constituency. Even the ballot paper has my name as Anna alias Madhu Chavan while the BJP candidate is Madhukar Ganpat Chavan. In 1999, I defeated Janata Dal candidate and BJP's Madhu Chavan came third. In 2004, Arun Gawli defeated me," Chavan said.
BJP's Madhukar Chavan also said there would be no issues on similarity in names since their poll symbols are different and that his Congress counterpart was referred to as Anna.
"We have contested against each other in 1999," he said.
Apart from the two Chavans, the constituency will see Geeta Gawli, daughter of Gawli and a corporator, slugging it out as a nominee of Akhil Bhartiya Sena (ABS) on the support of Shiv Sena which has not fielded any candidate. ABS was founded by Gawli in 1997.
"In recent Lok Sabha elections, Milind Deora of Congress got a lead of 10,000 votes from her (Geeta's) ward," Congress' Chavan said.
2

Delhi Metro at 2nd among 18 international me...Delhi Metro ranked 2nd among 18 international metro systems
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 02.35PM IST
Tags:
bangkok
(DMRC is a member of the…)
NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro has been ranked second among 18 international Metro systems in terms of overall customer satisfaction in an online customer survey.
According to a DMRC official , in the survey conducted among the commuters of those Metro systems by Global Metro Benchmarking Groups 'NOVA' and 'CoMET', Delhi Metro along with London DLR and Bangkok were the best three performers in the 'Net Promoters Score' (NPS) category.
Under this category the survey analysed the likelihood of customers recommending the service to others on the basis of their satisfaction.
More than 41,000 respondents gave their feedback worldwide in this survey conducted online through the websites and social media links of 18 major Metros of the world from April 28th to May 25th earlier this year. The Metro systems that participated in this survey apart from Delhi Metro were Hong Kong MTR, London Underground, Metro De Madrid, Paris RATP, Metro De Sandiago, Singapore SMRT, Barcelona TMB, Brussels STIB, Bangkok BMCL, London DLR, Istanbul Ulasim, Kualalumpur Rapid PL, Metropolitano De Lisboa, Montreal STM, Newcastle Nexus, Metro Rio and Toronto TTC.
The NPS is calculated by the percentage of promoters minus the percentage of detractors (P-D = NPS).
When asked to list out the three top priority areas, the respondents from Delhi along with 17 other Metros listed as 'availability' as the most important requirement. Only New Castle and Hong Kong selected 'Reliability' as their most important area.
"Delhi Metro commuters rated reliability and crowding as the other two important priority areas," the official said.
The survey was conducted as per the 'European Norm 13816' and the areas covered were availability, accessibility, ease of use, information prior to travel, information during travel, reliability, customer care, comfort, crowding, and security.
DMRC is a member of the NOVA group of Metros which is a benchmarking community comprising of 17 metro systems (small and medium size metros) from around the world.
It provides a platform to share experiences, ideas and good practices followed by member Metro systems across the world. It also helps in evaluating the performance of Metro systems by studying their key performance indicators. The forum is co-ordinated by the Rail Transport Strategic Centre (RTSC) of Imperial College, London.
This year, DMRC hosted the NOVA Phase-17 Management Meeting in New Delhi from September 24-26. The meeting was attended by 11 NOVA member Metros including DMRC and two Indian observers' Metros (Bangalore Metro and Chennai Metro).
DMRC will be elevated to CoMET (Community of Metros) Group of Metros. The CoMET is a group of 16 of the world's largest Metros. To qualify for becoming a member of CoMET, the average ridership should be above 20 lakh and the city should be the primary city of country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa holds talks on successor in Bangalore jailJayalalithaa holds talks on successor in Bangalore jail
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 28, 2014 04:10 PM IST
Former chief minister of Tamil Nadu J Jayalalithaa (she ceased to be CM from yesterday) today held discussions with some of her outgoing cabinet ministers on possible successor in the state. She no longer remains chief minister of the state after her conviction in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case. She has been disqualified as legislator of TN assembly.
The meeting lasted for an hour over breakfast in the visitors’ room of the Central Jail at Parappana Agrahara in Bangalore South East. She has been lodged in the same VIP cell, where former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa stayed for 24 days when he was arrested on charges of graft.
State finance minister O Panneerselvam, excise minister Natham Viswanathan, transport minister Senthil Balaji and former chief secretary Sheela Balakrishna met Jayalalithaa and sought her advice on how to elect a new leader, an AIADMK worker said.
“As leader of our party, Jayalalithaa advised cabinet colleagues and party leaders to convene a meeting of all legislators in Chennai later in the day and elect a leader to serve as our chief minister,” the worker told reporters.
Immediately after the meeting, the leaders led by Panneerselvam left for Chennai to attend the legislative party meeting of AIADMK. The party is likely to elect a new leader this evening. Panneerselvam was made interim chief minister of Tamil Nadu in 2000, when Jayalalithaa was convicted and jailed in another case.
AIADMK workers are speculating that Panneerselvam would be made chief minister yet again this time.
In case Panneerselvam is overlooked, other ministers like Balaji and Viswanathan or ex-top bureaucrat are being considered for the post.
Jayalalithaa’s legal counsels are expected to meet her later this evening to discuss remedies to secure bail in the high court for her release from the jail at the earliest.
Meanwhile, about 500 men and women from Tamil Nadu were stopped at the inter-state border at Hosur as they tried to gain access towards the central jail to express their support to Jayalalithaa and protest against her conviction in the DA case. They were carrying posters with pictures of 'Amma' (Jayalalithaa is popularly known in Tamil Nadu), the people from Krishnagiri, Dharmapuri and Hosur staged a demo on the city's outskirts. The police prevented them from going to the central jail due to the prohibitory orders in place around 1 km from the jail.
The Karnataka police department has deployed additional forces across the city, especially in areas where Tamil population reside in large numbers.

President s rule imposed in MaharashtraPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:56 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 1:30 am
Three days after the ruling coalition in Maharashtra fell apart, with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) snapping ties with the Congress, President’s rule was imposed in the poll-bound state Sunday.
According to a Home Ministry spokesperson, President Pranab Mukherjee signed the proclamation for imposition of Centre’s rule in Maharashtra Sunday, a day after the Union Cabinet recommended such a step. Saturday’s cabinet meeting was chaired by Home Minister Rajnath Singh in the absence of PM Narendra Modi who is on a tour of the US.
Following the NCP’s decision to call off the coalition, Chief Minister Prithviraj   Chavan   had resigned on Friday. His resignation was accepted a day after by Governor Vidyasagar Rao, who in his report to the Centre had recommended imposition of President’s rule.
Meanwhile, the Congress has criticised the move.
“The Chief Minister resigned on grounds of morality…A caretaker CM should have been appointed. There was no need for President’s rule. The elections are due in about 15 days,” Congress leader Rashid Alvi said.
With the NCP, which has 62 legislators, deciding to withdraw from the coalition, the Congress-led government was reduced to a minority in the 288-member house. The breaking point between the two parties came with the NCP insisting on contesting an equal number of seats in the forthcoming elections, as well as its demand for rotational chief ministership for half of the government’s five-year term if the alliance came back to power.

Timing of meeting Hurriyat leaders ‘not totally right : PakAziz also welcomed Prime Minister Modi's statement at the UN General Assembly on the need for resumption of dialogue between the two countries.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 28, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 2:05 am
For the first time, Pakistan has admitted that the timing of its high commissioner’s meeting with Hurriyat leaders in New Delhi, ahead of the Foreign Secretary-level talks in August, was “perhaps not totally right”.
This comes in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi telling the United Nations General Assembly on Saturday that India is ready to engage in “serious bilateral dialogue” with Pakistan in an “appropriate environment”.
Pointing out that while meetings between Pakistani diplomats and Hurriyat leaders have been a “regular practice for the last 30 years and there was nothing new in it”, Pakistan’s National Security and Foreign Affairs Advisor Sartaj Aziz said in New York, “In this case perhaps, the timing was not totally right because the substantial discussion on Kashmir was yet to start.”
However, he added, “The right to meet Kashmiri leaders could not be given up. I think calling off talks was an overreaction.”
India called off the Foreign Secretary-level talks, which were to be held in Islamabad on August 25, after Pakistani High Commissioner Abdul Basit met Hurriyat leaders ahead of the parleys.
Aziz said if India had sent its request — on not meeting the Hurriyat leaders ahead of the FS-level talks — a little earlier, “probably it could have been considered.” He said the “message came at a time when one Hurriyat leader was already in Pakistan’s High Commission (in New Delhi)”.
As reported earlier, Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh’s request to Basit came about 20 minutes before the latter’s meeting with Hurriyat leader Shabir Shah.
Aziz also welcomed Modi’s statement at the UN General Assembly on the need for resumption of dialogue between the two countries as “encouraging”.
Delivering his first speech as India’s Prime Minister to the 69th session of the UNGA on Saturday, Modi said, “Our future is linked very closely with our neighbours. That is why from the very first day, we extended a hand of friendship to our neighbours.”
Referring specifically to Pakistan, he said that India is prepared “to engage in serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism.” But he emphasised that “it is also up to Pakistan to create the right atmosphere and come forward for bilateral talks.”
Earlier, Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif raked up the Kashmir issue at the UNGA and blamed India for “another missed opportunity” to address outstanding issues by cancelling the Foreign Secretary-level talks. Asserting that a “veil” cannot be drawn over the “core” issue of Kashmir, he said Pakistan is ready to work for resolution of this problem through negotiations.
While Modi and Sharif did not meet on the sidelines of the UNGA, National Security Advisor Ajit K Doval and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh met Basit continued…

Microsofts Nadella promises cooperation in Chinese anti-trust probeMicrosoft’s Nadella promises cooperation in Chinese anti-trust probe
Reuters
Business Line Satya Nadella
BEIJING, Sept 28:  
Microsoft Corp chief executive Satya Nadella promised to cooperate fully with Chinese authorities in their antitrust investigation into his company during a meeting with a top regulator in Beijing, the Chinese government said.
Microsoft has been ensnared in an anti-monopoly investigation launched this summer by China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce (SAIC), which has already seized evidence from multiple Microsoft offices across China and summoned high-level executives for questioning.
Nadella, who took the helm of the world's largest software company in February, met with SAIC chief Zhang Mao on Friday in what was portrayed as a conciliatory encounter by the SAIC, one of three antitrust agencies in China.
Microsoft will turn over information requested by investigators in a timely fashion, while the company is confident the government probe will be fair and transparent, Nadella told Zhang, according to an account published on the SAIC website.
Nadella also said the Chinese government's regulatory practices helped create beneficial conditions for the growth of Chinese and foreign companies, the SAIC said.
Zhang pledged a fair and transparent investigation and said his agency welcomed Microsoft's questions and suggestions about the investigation, according to the SAIC.
Microsoft declined to comment on the government meeting but said in a statement that it is "serious about complying with China's laws and committed to addressing SAIC's questions and concerns."
Nadella, whose planned visit was first reported by Reuters last month, swung through the Chinese capital as part of his first trip to Asia as CEO.
Nadella also spoke to students at Tsinghua University in Beijing, where he said extolled China as a source of human capital and a vibrant innovation culture, according to the official China Daily.
Nadella is the latest foreign tech executive to arrive in Beijing to diffuse tensions with regulatory authorities, whose muscular enforcement of a 2008 anti-monopoly law has unsettled Western companies.
Qualcomm Inc, which is facing a potentially record-breaking fine, sent president Derek Aberle to Beijing in August to meet with the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), the antitrust agency probing the San Diego-based chipmaker.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Modi to meet Netanyahu in New York today.Press Trust of India | Jerusalem | Posted: September 28, 2014 4:47 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet his Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu today in New York to discuss ways to step up bilateral relations in a range of areas like defence and trade ties.
“We attach immense importance to our ties with India and see this meeting as very important,” a source in the Israeli government said here.
Netanyahu is scheduled to arrive in New York later today to attend UN General Assembly. Modi is already in the city and had made his first address to the UN body yesterday.
The two leaders had earlier exchanged greetings after BJP’s victory in the last general elections, vowing to strengthen ties.
Modi will also meet an influential American Jewish group which had congratulated him soon after his electoral victory.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj will also hold bilateral talks with her Israeli counterpart Avigdor Lieberman next week in New York.
Israeli businessmen recall the warm welcome they received in Gujarat when Modi was the state’s Chief Minister and expressed hopes that it will be replicated nationwide following his ascendance in Delhi.

NCP spokesman misses deadline for Maharashtra Assembly polls nominationPrint
Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: September 28, 2014 4:33 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 4:42 pm
In an irony of sorts, the nomination form of Ankush Kakde of the Nationalist Congress Party got rejected after he could not attach an important form to his election affidavit on time.
NCP spokesperson and close confidant of party chief Sharad Pawar, Kakde filed his AB form for nomination from Kasaba Assembly constituency on Saturday but missed on tagging it with the mandatory election affidavit to complete the formalities.
He then rushed out of election office to get the affidavit done. Meanwhile, former deputy city mayor Deepak Mankar too filed his nomination on behalf on NCP as per party directive with a final decision of official candidate slated for October 1.
By the time Kakde’s affidavit arrived and his lawyers frantically stamped it with his signature, the election office door was locked with the expiry of 3 pm deadline for filing of nomination papers.
A poignant spectacle of Kakde staring at Mankar through the closed grilled shutter attracted a battery of photographers to click the desperate moment for the senior NCP leader who fervently wished to turn back time.
NCP city chief and MP Vandana Chavan, said on Sunday , “It was an extremely unfortunate episode involving senior party leader like Kakde. I am feeling very bad.”
Mankar’s nomination has raised eyebrows within NCP with party loyalists feeling let down by his last minute entry in the party.
The Kasaba constituency is set to witness a multi cornered contest featuring NCP, Congress, Shiv Sena, MNS and sitting BJP MLA Girish Bapat.

Maharashtra Governor writes to Shiv Sena  BJP enquiring whether they can form interim govtPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 28, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 4:35 pm
Before imposing President’s rule in Maharashtra, Governor Vidyasagar Rao had written separate letters to Shiv Sena and BJP enquiring whether they could form an interim government in the state after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned on Friday.
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had split on September 25 over the issue of seat sharing for October 15 assembly elections.
Chavan had resigned after his government was reduced to a minority as its ally NCP withdrew the support.
“After the withdrawal of support by NCP to the Democratic Front government on 25th September, the government has become a minority government,” the letter written on Saturday by the Governor to senior Sena leader Subhash Desai read.
“In this regard I am exploring other avenues of government formation and hence I would like to know from you as leader of Legislative Party Shiv Sena whether your party is able and willing to form the government,” the letter added.
Rao further said that if both parties fail to respond to his letter, it shall be deemed that the parties are not willing or able to form the government.
Reacting to the Governor’s letter, Sena leader Subhash Desai said the party will form a government only when it comes to power with a majority post elections.
“Yes, the Governor did send me a letter asking us if we would like to form the government. I categorically told him that he does not need to come to us. We will ourselves go to him, but only after we win the elections with a majority,” Desai said.
It was learnt that a similar letter was sent to BJP leader Eknath Khadse as well. However, despite repeated attempts, Khadse remained unavailable for comment.
Rao, a senior BJP leader from Telangana, was appointed Governor of Maharashtra last month, after K Sankaranarayanan resigned from the post following his transfer to Mizoram.

Flip side of successUpdated: September 29, 2014 08:33 IST
Flip side of success
students
They always want to be at the top and pay heavily for it. What can overachievers do to handle the pressure?
They are the students who stay back after class and bombard their teacher with a million doubts. They spend all their time with their noses stuck in a textbook, preparing relentlessly for exams that are months away. Always ahead of their class, they are proud and vulnerable at the same time, pushing themselves to succeed. The fear of failure is their worst nightmare and they do all they can to avoid it. But what happens when overachievers fail?
From the time children are first admitted to schools, the system teaches them to strive only for the top position. Anything less is unacceptable. Caught between the pressure from school, family and their own expectations, achievers often lead isolated lives. Sriram Naganathan, the southern India coordinator for IGNUS ERG, an initiative that aims at improving the quality of education from pre-school to upper primary levels, talks about keeping ‘the top slot’. “Everyone aims for the top slot, whether it is in academics or in life. It is a question of competing to win a prize. The problem is that once someone gets into that slot, any move side-ways or below is not allowed. It is as if he has to hold on to it for life,” he explains. Quoting a psychiatrist friend in Mumbai, who told his son never to come first in school, Sriram says: “He said it was enough to have the confidence that one can top if necessary. The immediate effect of success is performance anxiety and children don’t have the psychological maturity to handle it.”
For most achievers who have spent some time in the limelight, it becomes difficult to become a part of the pack again. Success becomes not only their permanent goal but also their identity. “The problem begins with anxiety and ends in depression,” says counselling psychologist Vasuki Mathivanan. “If the achiever is able to cope up with a negative situation and look at resolving it, then it is alright. But most of them don’t know how to handle their emotions. So, when they don’t succeed, they take it personally and think they are a failure. These children have high levels of motivation; but when they face failure, they feel very inadequate and vulnerable. This puts them under a lot of pressure.”
In colleges too, achievers often end up bearing the brunt of expectations, says Vidya Padmanabhan, assistant professor at the department of journalism at MOP Vaishnav College for Women. “ During teamwork, they are expected to step up and fill the gaps left by the underperformers. Whether it is to photocopy notes or to perform an administrative task for the class, teachers invariably turn to them,” she says. And on occasions when they slip up, even the most well-intentioned teacher tends to say, “I did not expect this of you.”
Fingers in every pie
She also points out that these students want to be a part of everything — being the president of the drama club, English club and the department club, while taking Spanish and violin lessons, besides, of course, academic work. Naturally, they are unavailable for one or the other activity at some crucial moments, which can create a bad impression. “I have seen instances of high-achieving students being so emotionally fragile that they would end up in tears if they were told they did not answer a particular question properly in an exam. There are, of course, exceptional high-achievers who are able to manage everything perfectly, but, as the saying goes, it's lonely at the top,” she says.
Most of these achievers are willing to give up their social lives in order to stay there. “Overexerting one-self may come at a social cost. For instance, a student may be unable to join her friends for a movie because she is committed to delivering an assignment on deadline. It is a price she may be willing to pay,” says Vidya. Sriram agrees, “The social problems aren’t long-term. But in school, these children lose out on the pleasures of childhood. There is a trade-off between success and happiness, and if you have to succeed, you have to bear with it. ”
Vasuki talks about the role a parent must play in these situations. “There are some clear symptoms when you see that the stress is getting to them. When this happens, the parent must play the role of an encourager and not a disciplinarian. These children know praise but not encouragement. Teach them to have SMART goals — specific, measurable, achievable, realistic and time-bound,” she says. To this, Vidya adds, “I would say allowing yourself to fail occasionally gives you a breather from the feverish expectations of others and allows you to focus your attention and talent on what really matters to you. As they say, don't sweat the small stuff.”

Hollande braced for setback in Senate elections© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9cb4fdc-46e4-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hiring a nanny Take care of the taxes0
For 2014, wages that total $1,900 or more for a household employee are subject to Social Security and Medicare taxes (known as Federal Insurance Contributions Act, or FICA, taxes). The tax is 15.3 percent of pay, half of which you can withhold from your employee's paycheck.
The other half, 7.65 percent, is your responsibility as the employer.
If you pay $1,000 or more to household employees during a calendar quarter (say, October through December) you also owe the federal unemployment tax, which is 6 percent of the first $7,000 of pay. You'll also be on the hook for any state unemployment taxes.
How to pay. Keep in mind that you cannot classify household employees as independent contractors, who receive a Form 1099-MISC and pay the full 15.3 percent of Social Security and Medicare taxes themselves. By law, all household employees must receive a Form W-2.
"Misclassifying a nanny as an independent contractor is the most common mistake we see," said Tom Breedlove, director of Care.com HomePay, a service that manages payroll and tax filing for household employers.
With each paycheck, you deduct the nanny's share of FICA taxes, along with the federal and state income taxes he or she elects to have withheld.
Then, generally every quarter, you make an estimated payment of taxes due (though for some state taxes, monthly deposits may be required). And during tax-filing season, furnish your employee with a Form W-2, and file a Schedule H with your income tax return.
Free calculators are available online to help you figure your tax liability, such as at myhomepay.com. Or you can pay someone to do the math for you.
The Nanny Tax Co., for example, charges $475 annually, plus a $100 registration fee, to help you prepare tax reports and file tax payments electronically. Care.com's HomePay bills $190 per quarter and $90 for year-end tax preparation, plus a $100 registration fee. But the service will manage your nanny's paychecks and tax withholdings, as well as prepare tax forms.
Tax breaks for you. Nanny taxes can add up. A household in California that pays a nanny $13.59 per hour, the national average, will owe about $2,500 in taxes per year (based on a 40-hour workweek). But you can offset the cost by taking advantage of child care tax breaks.
If your employer offers a dependent care flexible spending account, you can set aside up to $5,000 in pretax dollars for child care expenses.
Depending on your income tax rate, that will save you $2,000 to $2,300 per year on your federal tax bill, Breedlove said.
No flexible spending account? You can claim the child and dependent care credit, which, for most families, is 20 percent on up to $3,000 of child care expenses for one child or $6,000 for two children.

Bond king Gross ends reign at Pimco© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90663312-457a-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sunday ET | Mahatma Gandhi s unseen imagesBREAKING NEWS
Mahatma Gandhi's unseen images & how they are a better way to take him closer to new generations
By Suman Layak , ET Bureau | 28 Sep, 2014, 03.00AM IST
1. Gandhi set to pick up a broom to clean a dirty corner of a courtyard
2. The Mahatma using a safety razor during his journey to London
3. Gandhi trying on a life jacket
4. Gandhi looking through the eyepiece of a sextant on a ship
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
January 30, 2014, was a particularly sad day at the Gandhi Film Foundation (GFF). The death anniversary of the father of the nation, Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, is usually a celebration — of his life and his values.
The foundation's new chairman, Nitin Potdar, had taken over in October 2013 and then discovered for himself the treasure trove the GFF was sitting on — five and a half hours of footage on Gandhi. Most of it had hardly ever been seen.
Potdar got the foundation staff to prepare a 10-minute short film on Gandhi's death out of the footage and invited schools across Mumbai for a viewing on his death anniversary.
Not a single school responded. Potdar, a Mumbai-based corporate lawyer who had taken charge at the foundation as he wanted to work with Gandhi's legacy, had two quick realizations that day. One, preachy programmes do not work. Two, Indians were missing out on some precious snapshots of Gandhi's life.
Watch: Unseen Gandhi
The film footage with the GFF that has been salvaged is almost five and a half hours long (33,000 feet of reel). A major share of it was shot by the Crime Investigation Department (CID) of the police across the country during British rule.
The footage was acquired by Gandhi Smarak Nidhi in the 50s after Gandhi's death; the GFF was set up soon after, with Devdas Gandhi, the Mahatma's youngest son, as its first chairman.
Another source of footage was what was shot during Gandhi's trip to London in 1931 to attend the second round table conference. Industrialist GD Birla had asked for the entire journey to be recorded.
Following an appeal by Devdas Gandhi, footage was also contributed by news organizations like BBC and French Pathe News. All the reels, shot in different formats, were shifted to Mumbai in 1983. Reels were then converted into a uniform 35mm format at Mumbai's Ranjit studio and work progressed as and when funds could be arranged.
A Candid Gandhi
So what's there in the footage? Firstly, there are some candid shots of Gandhi. After all, the cameras were following him all the time, especially the CID cameras.
Scenes from the famous Dandi Salt Satyagraha have Gandhi taking a dip in the Arabian Sea and then towelling himself dry; and how he finds a dirty corner and proceeds to pick up a broom and clean it. The shots of the sea journey to London are most interesting.

In times of love jihad  two Gujarat spiritual heads give harmony lessonPrint
Written by Syed Khalique Ahmed | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 28, 2014 1:05 am
As the VHP’s ‘love jihad’ campaign mars Navratri festivities in parts of Gujarat, two religious leaders in the state have set the example of communal harmony. Well-known religious preacher Morari Bapu has financed the Haj pilgrimage of a kulfi seller in Talgajarda village in Bhavnagar. On the other hand, a Muslim spiritual leader, Saiyed Mehndi Bapu, of the nearby Ratol village, gave 5.5 bighas of his ancestral land for a Shiva temple.
This comes at a time when the VHP has launched a crusade to prevent entry of Muslim youths inside garba venues across the state.
Morari Bapu has known 79-year-old Yunusbhai Malek as “Nathabhai” since childhood. Malek earns his livelihood by selling kulfi in the village. One day, as he was returning home, Morari Bapu asked if Malek had performed Haj. “I told him that I was a poor man and could not afford Haj,” Malek said. “But Morari Bapu asked me not to worry about money and asked me to begin preparations. He promised that he will arrange money for my Haj,” said Malek.
“Morari Bapu paid Rs 6.20 lakh to help me and my wife go for Haj,” said Malek.  When contacted, Morari Bapu said, “His Haj is more significant than the money I arranged for it.”
In the Muslim-dominated Ratol village in Bhavnagar, a kilometre from Talgajarda, Muslim spiritual leader Saiyed Mehndi Bapu, the village’s biggest landlord, donated 5.5 bighas of his ancestral land for a Shiva temple. “I donated it for the expansion of Shiva temple to accommodate the increasing number of devotees,” said Mehndi Bapu. “I invited Morari Bapu to the function when I handed over the land documents to the trustees running the Shiva temple,” he added.

http://usat.ly/1rukzDqFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Marvel settles with family of superhero creator
Marvel has settled a lawsuit bound for the Supreme Court that pitted the comic-book company against the family of the artist who helped create such iconic superheros as Spider-Man, Iron Man and the Incredible Hulk.
Post to Facebook
Marvel settles with family of superhero creator Marvel has settled a lawsuit bound for the Supreme Court that pitted the comic-book company against the family of the artist who helped create such iconic superheros as Spider-Man, Iron Man and the Incredible Hulk. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1szpV2s
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Marvel settles with family of superhero creator
AP 7:56 p.m. EDT September 26, 2014
In this undated publicity photo released by Titan Books, Jack Kirby, left, and Joe Simon, co-creators of the Captain America comic, are shown. The character proved a popular hit _ the fir
(Photo: AP file)
17 CONNECT 33 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Marvel has settled a lawsuit bound for the Supreme Court that pitted the comic-book company against the family of the artist who helped create such iconic superheros as Spider-Man, Iron Man and the Incredible Hulk.
Heirs of Jack Kirby, who worked at Marvel alongside Stan Lee in the 1960s and died in 1994, wanted to terminate Marvel's copyrights from 2014 through 2019 to comics published from 1958 to 1963. But Marvel argued that since Kirby created the characters while working for Marvel, the characters belong to the company.
The case went to court, and in 2011 U.S. District Judge Colleen McMahon concluded the work was done "for hire," a legal term that rendered the heirs' claims invalid.
She said the 1909 copyright law that applies to the case presumed that Marvel was considered the author and owner of Kirby's creations because the characters were made at Marvel's expense.
A "Fantastic Four" comic book cover art from the 1990s.
(Photo: Marvel Comics)
An appeals court agreed, and in August a federal appeals court rejected an ownership claim by the Kirby family. The case had been set to go to the Supreme Court.
"Marvel and the family of Jack Kirby have amicably resolved their legal disputes, and are looking forward to advancing their shared goal of honoring Mr. Kirby's significant role in Marvel's history," Marvel and the Kirby family said in a joint statement. Terms of the settlement were not disclosed.
Comics in the case included "The Fantastic Four," ''The Mighty Thor," ''The X-Men," ''The Avengers," ''Ant-Man," ''Nick Fury" and "The Rawhide Kid."
Marvel Worldwide Inc. is owned by The Walt Disney Co, which has used the company's trove of characters as the basis for high-grossing movies and product lines.
17 CONNECT 33 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1szpV2s
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

EU keen to resume FTA negotiations: Joao Cr...EU
(FTA negotiations were launched…)
MUMBAI: Hoping for an early resumption of the stalled negotiations on free trade agreement (FTA), European Union ambassador Joao Cravinho has said it will require a lot of "give and take" before the two sides arrive at an understanding on key pending issues.
"Of course, the signing of the FTA requires a commitment on both sides... of course it will require concessions by both the sides. There is always an element of give and take," Cravinho told PTI in an interaction during his recent visit to the city.
Stating that the EU has not held any "negotiations," on the impending FTA with the Narendra Modi government so far, the EU envoy said, "We are looking forward to shaking up conversation with the new government in the next couple of months.
I believe, actually we are not very far from an agreement," Cravinho said, adding that reaching an agreement will be in the interest of both sides as the advantages outweighs the disadvantages.
The FTA negotiations were initially launched way back in 2007 and reached a critical phase in 2012, with focal talks being held on improved market access for goods and services, a chapter on government procurement and retrospective taxation.
Previously, the EU 'disengaged' itself from broad-based bilateral trade and investment agreement (BTIA) talks for over six months when the UPA government was unable to meet EU demands. These included eliminating or drastically reducing duties on European-made vehicles, vehicle components, wines and spirits.
For the Indian side, among other issues, granting of data secure nation status by the EU is very crucial as it will have a bearing on its IT companies wanting market access there. New Delhi also wants a liberalised visa regime for its professionals and greater market access in services and the pharma sector.
Besides demanding significant duty cuts in automobiles, the EU side is pressing for tax cuts on wines & spirits and dairy products and a strong intellectual property regime.
"Both the sides are very complimentary and so it makes lots of sense for us to reach an agreement because there will be huge benefits for both sides. Yes, we have difficulties in one two sectors, but I am convinced that we will overcome these difficulties," the EU envoy said.
There is a lot of "enthusiasm" amongst European investors after the Modi government came to power notwithstanding certain fundamental issues which remain unchanged at this stage, he said.
"But the mood has changed significantly and what I hear from our businesses is that they are looking forward to invest more here....they believe that India is the land to invest much more over the next few years. Yes, currently they are not in a position to significantly increase their investments because of certain issues. But they believe that this is going to happen in the next couple of years," Cravinho said.
He also noted that Europe is India's largest economic partner and the biggest source of FDI .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Presidents rule imposed in MaharashtraNew Delhi, September 28, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 01:52 IST
Maharashtra Assembly elections
President’s rule imposed in Maharashtra
Special Correspondent
The Hindu Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan with Governor C V Rao while submitting his resignation after NCP withdrew his support. Photo: Special Arrangement.
TOPICS
Maharashtra
President’s rule was imposed on poll-bound Maharashtra on Sunday, a day after the Union Cabinet recommended its imposition.
Following the stepping down of Prithviraj Chavan as Chief Minister on Friday, the Union Cabinet chaired by Home Minister Rajnath Singh made the recommendation on Saturday.
Mr. Chavan quit his post, following the end of the 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance in the State. His resignation was accepted by Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao on Saturday.
Assembly elections in Maharashtra are scheduled on October 15.

Jayalalithaa to move Karnataka HC for bail; AIADMK MLAs likely to meet over CM postJayalalithaa to move Karnataka high court for bail
PTI  Chennai, September 28, 2014
First Published: 14:57 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:50 IST(28/9/2014)
Jailed AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa will move the Karnataka high court on Monday to seek a bail for her while they were also finalising a strategy for seeking a stay on her conviction and sentence in the disproportionate assets case.
 
"We will be filing a bail application in the Karnataka high court tomorrow (Monday)," B Kumar, senior counsel for the 66-year-old leader, told PTI, a day after a special court sentenced her to four years in jail that immediately disqualified her from being an MLA.
 
But it may be taken up only on Tuesday when there is a scheduled hearing by a vacation bench because the high court will observe holidays from September 29 to August 6 for Dasara.
 
A battery of lawyers were giving final touches to their legal strategy in seeking immediate relief for Jayalalithaa, who has been convicted by special judge John Michael D'Cunha and sentenced to four years imprisonment in the Rs. 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case.
 
Since the sentencing was for a period more than three years, only the high court can grant bail in Jayalalithaa's case.
 
Kumar said a team of lawyers were holding discussions on filing a petition seeking stay of conviction and also the sentence awarded to Jayalalithaa in the 18-year old case.
Read: Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years jail in corruption case; clashes in Tamil Nadu
 
The criminal revision petition is one of the options before the lawyers who would like to secure an immediate stay on the conviction and the sentencing.
 
A stay on the conviction, which superior courts are said to be normally reluctant to grant in a corruption case, would nullify the disqualification as MLA which the AIADMK leader has suffered with Saturday's judgement.
 
Unless the conviction is overturned by a superior court, Jayalalithaa runs the risk of being barred from contesting elections for 10 years — four years when she is in jail and six years after release.
Under a Supreme Court judgement of last year, any MLA or MP would stand automatically disqualified if he or she is convicted and sentenced to an imprisonment of a period not less than two years.
 
Before this judgement, Section 8(4) of the Representation of People Act, which was stuck down by the Supreme Court, protected an elected representative from disqualification if they appeal before a higher court within three months.
 
In a rare case, the Supreme Court had stayed the conviction by the Punjab and Haryana high court of culpable homicide in a case involving former cricketer Navjot Singh Sidhu.
 
The advocates representing Jayalalithaa have secured the copy of the judgement delivered by the special Court on Saturday which also imposed a staggering fine of Rs. 100 crore.
  
The court also found guilty three others — Jayalalithaa's close associate Sasikala her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who were handed four year jail term and a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
The Rs. 100 crore fine is the highest imposed on any politician by the special judge who heard the case of Rs. 66.65 crore disproportionate assets acquired during Jayalalithaa's first term as chief minister between 1991 and 1996.
 
Convicting her, special judge D'Cunha said the prosecution had proved beyond doubt that the accused had acquired assets worth Rs. 53.64 crore unlawfully.
 
Jayalalithaa appealed for leniency from the judge claiming that the case against her was politically motivated. She also sought leniency on the ground that she was suffering from illness and stress.
AIADMK leaders to meet
Meanwhile, AIADMK MLAs are likely to meet in Chennai to propose a candidate for the chief minister's post.
 
Party sources said the meeting is likely to be held later in the day and all the legislators have been asked to be present.
  
Majority of the ministers of the Jayalalithaa ministry and MLAs had been in Bangalore since Saturday to know the outcome of the  verdict.
 
However, Jayalalithaa could still spring a surprise by possibly nominating a more not-so-known face.
 
Meanwhile, normalcy was returning to the state which witnessed sporadic violence in the aftermath of Jayalalithaa's conviction and sentencing, police said.
 
Bus services, suspended in many parts of the state, were being resumed in a phased manner though operations to Bangalore were still not being taken up.
 
Jayalalithaa was handed down four year simple prison term and Rs. 100 crore fine by the court in a verdict that sent shock waves among AIADMK cadres.
 
Jayalalithaa's close associate N Sasikala, her relatives VN Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who are the other accused in the case were also given four-year prison term and slapped a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.

Modi to meet Netanyahu in New York todayModi to meet Netanyahu in New York today
PTI
Tweet
Jerusalem, Sept 28:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet his Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu today in New York to discuss ways to step up bilateral relations in a range of areas like defence and trade ties.
“We attach immense importance to our ties with India and see this meeting as very important,” a source in the Israeli government said here.
Netanyahu is scheduled to arrive in New York later today to attend UN General Assembly. Modi is already in the city and had made his first address to the UN body yesterday.
The two leaders had earlier exchanged greetings after BJP’s victory in the last general elections, vowing to strengthen ties.
Modi will also meet an influential American Jewish group which had congratulated him soon after his electoral victory.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj will also hold bilateral talks with her Israeli counterpart Avigdor Lieberman next week in New York.
Israeli businessmen recall the warm welcome they received in Gujarat when Modi was the state’s Chief Minister and expressed hopes that it will be replicated nationwide following his ascendance in Delhi.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

AP expects Rs 42 000 cr investments in IT  electronics sectorsAP expects Rs 42,000 cr investments in IT, electronics sectors
PTI
Tweet
Vijayawada, Sept 28:  
The Andhra Pradesh government is expecting investments worth Rs 42,000 crore in Information Technology and electronics industries over the next 5 years, state IT minister Palle Raghunatha Reddy said today.
The government has prepared a policy to create AP an IT and electronics industry hub in the country, Reddy told reporters here.
The state government expects Rs 12,000 crore investments in IT and Rs 30,000 crore in electronics industry, he said.
During the next five years, the expected employment generation from these two sectors would be about nine lakhs, he said.
Already, Wipro, Tech Mahindra and some other IT industries have agreed to establish their units in the state, the minister said.
Cities like Visakhapatnam, Kakinada, Tirupati and Anantapur in the state will be favourable places for both the sectors, he said, adding that the government has initiated steps to provide clearances for IT and electronic industries under a single-window system.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Chennai too hot for ScorchersMore
Super Kings move closer to semis
After a slow start on a slow Bangalore pitch, a late-overs blitz from Ravindra Jadeja and MS Dhoni muscled Chennai Super Kings to what proved an amply defendable target against Perth Scorchers.
By The Report by Karthik Krishnaswamy | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 27 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Chennai Super Kings 155 for 6 (Jadeja 44*, Dhoni 35) beat Perth Scorchers 142 for 7 (Coulter-Nile 30, Ashwin 3-20) by 13 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Having made a slow start on a slow Chinnaswamy Stadium pitch, a late-overs blitz from Ravindra Jadeja and MS Dhoni muscled Chennai Super Kings to what proved an amply defendable target, and moved the team a step closer to a semi-final spot. From 69 for 4 at the end of the 14th over, Super Kings more than doubled their score, clouting 86 runs off a ragged Perth Scorchers attack in their last six overs.
A vital cameo from Ravindra Jadeja. (IANS)That point on, there were no more swings in momentum. From the moment Craig Simmons under-edged a slog into Dhoni's gloves in the third over of Scorchers' chase, wickets fell regularly. With dew barely making an appearance under the lights, the pitch remained sluggish, and the scoring rate was somnolent.
Scorchers made 35 in the Powerplay overs, and were still going along at under six an over at the 10-over mark. By then, they had lost Mitchell Marsh , probably the batsman Super Kings feared the most in the line-up. Having been caught behind off a no-ball in the ninth over, he top-edged a sweep against R Ashwin in the tenth, holing out at deep square leg.
Scorchers had beaten Dolphins in their first match of the tournament courtesy Marsh, who had struck back-to-back sixes when 12 had been required off the last two balls of their run-chase. The only glimmer that Scorchers would be able to force a similar finish came when Ashton Turner and Nathan Coulter-Nile added 50 for the sixth wicket in 33 balls, leaving them needing 33 from 13 balls, but then Turner was run-out trying to sneak a bye, and Mohit Sharma and Dwayne Bravo sealed a comfortable win for Super Kings with their slower balls in the last two overs.
OPENERS STRUGGLE
For most part, Super Kings' batsmen had struggled just as much after they were sent in by Adam Voges, the Scorchers captain. The dismissals of their openers - Brendon McCullum chopping Joel Paris on, Dwayne Smith slogging across the line of a slower ball - spoke of their difficulty in coming to terms with the pitch, and the loss of Suresh Raina to a run-out sucked out even more momentum.
The spinners tied down Mithun Manhas and Dwayne Bravo - Brad Hogg looked particularly difficult to get away, with the batsmen straining to pick his variations - and the pair added 23 in 34 painstaking deliveries. Jadeja's entry, following Manhas' dismissal in the 12th over, didn't immediately spark Super Kings to life: their boundary drought, which began early in the sixth over, lasted till Bravo swung Turner away over the midwicket boundary off the first ball of the 15th over. He lofted him down the ground for four and was bowled immediately after, but those two big blows signalled the start of Super Kings' revival.
Dhoni swatted an Arafat full-toss away for a big six over the leg side in the 17th over and Hogg, who had seemed unhittable till then, went for 14 in his final over as Jadeja charged him and swung him over long-off and wide of long-on for a four and a six.
Super Kings' run-rate, though, was still just six an over, and it took a truly gargantuan over for 150 to even become a speck on the horizon. It came off the bowling of Arafat, who lost his length and lost the plot. Twenty-seven came off the over, the last three balls of which Dhoni sent sailing over the leg side boundary. The second of these sixes disappeared over the roof of the stadium and the word 'immeasurable' appeared on the big screen. The person keying in the text was referring to the distance of the hit; he or she might as well have been talking about its game-changing impact.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

4 killed  6 injured in Pakistan blastPress Trust of India | Peshawar | Posted: September 28, 2014 5:14 pm
At least four people were killed and six injured as a bomb ripped through a relief camp in this northwestern city in Pakistan on Sunday.
The blast occurred in a relief camp in Muhammad Khwaja area of the city in Hangu district of restive Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, sources said.
Police cordoned off the area and started search operations. The injured were shifted to the District Hospital for treatment.
Further investigation into the incident is underway.

Maharashtra Governor writes to Shiv Sena  BJP enquiring whether they can form interim govtPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 28, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 4:35 pm
Before imposing President’s rule in Maharashtra, Governor Vidyasagar Rao had written separate letters to Shiv Sena and BJP enquiring whether they could form an interim government in the state after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned on Friday.
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had split on September 25 over the issue of seat sharing for October 15 assembly elections.
Chavan had resigned after his government was reduced to a minority as its ally NCP withdrew the support.
“After the withdrawal of support by NCP to the Democratic Front government on 25th September, the government has become a minority government,” the letter written on Saturday by the Governor to senior Sena leader Subhash Desai read.
“In this regard I am exploring other avenues of government formation and hence I would like to know from you as leader of Legislative Party Shiv Sena whether your party is able and willing to form the government,” the letter added.
Rao further said that if both parties fail to respond to his letter, it shall be deemed that the parties are not willing or able to form the government.
Reacting to the Governor’s letter, Sena leader Subhash Desai said the party will form a government only when it comes to power with a majority post elections.
“Yes, the Governor did send me a letter asking us if we would like to form the government. I categorically told him that he does not need to come to us. We will ourselves go to him, but only after we win the elections with a majority,” Desai said.
It was learnt that a similar letter was sent to BJP leader Eknath Khadse as well. However, despite repeated attempts, Khadse remained unavailable for comment.
Rao, a senior BJP leader from Telangana, was appointed Governor of Maharashtra last month, after K Sankaranarayanan resigned from the post following his transfer to Mizoram.

Yahoo-AOL merger: Recipe for revival  or sta...Investors are revisiting one of the most speculated Internet combinations, after activist investor Starboard on Friday pressured Yahoo to merge with AOL.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
A proposed merger of Internet pioneers AOL Inc and Yahoo Inc could create a nimbler player in Web video, but strong growth, the measure of success in Silicon Valley , would remain elusive.
Investors are revisiting one of the most speculated Internet combinations, after activist investor Starboard on Friday pressured Yahoo to merge with AOL.
A pairing could help the companies compete in their core advertising business. But even combined, they would remain but a shadow of the Internet powerhouses they once were, analysts and advertising experts said.
Cost cutting after a merger would generate plenty of savings, some $1 billion, according to Starboard's analysis. Accelerating business growth would be harder.
"Neither company is a leader in ad dollars, and other than cost savings, there is little to gain by combining them," said Erik Gordon, a professor at the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.
DOING THE MANAGEMENT SHUFFLE
A merger would suck up a lot of management time as the companies integrate staff and systems. In the meantime, the combined company could fall even further behind the competition, said Gordon.
"You've saved costs and you've become a more efficient slow-growth company," he said.
In mobile, a high-growth area in which Yahoo and AOL have both been playing catch-up, joining forces would create little apparent benefit, analysts said.
Yahoo and AOL have a meek and decreasing share of the digital ad market, according to data from research firm eMarketer. Google Inc is expected to command more than a third of the world's $140 billion digital advertising spending this year, with No. 2 Facebook Inc grabbing about 8 per cent. AOL's share is less than 1 per cent and Yahoo's is 2.5 per cent, both down from 2013.
SOME BENEFITS
Still, analysts and advertising experts think a tie-up would help when it comes to video programming and newer, automated ways of buying advertising.
Last year AOL made its biggest acquisition under CEO Tim Armstrong when it bought an electronic video advertising platform Adap.tv for $405 million. That technology could fit well with Yahoo's recent efforts to deliver more online video programming, such as videos about technology and fashion, along with old episodes of the Saturday Night Live television program.
Both companies could benefit from combined content and audience, said Amy Dickerson, vice president, director of digital at Spark, a media agency owned by Publicis.
Pairing up would make Yahoo and AOL a strong No. 3 player in the display advertising market, behind Google and Facebook, said Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser.
SIZE MATTERS
"The reason why Facebook's size and Google's size matters and helps them so much is that they are a one-stop shop for so many advertisers," said Wieser.
AOL's heavy investment in programmatic advertising that allows marketers to automate the buying and selling of ads is another asset that would help Yahoo.
AOL has been reaping the benefits. Last quarter, advertising revenue, almost 75 per cent of AOL overall revenue, jumped 20 per cent in large part to its programmatic efforts and Adap.tv acquisition.
Additionally, AOL ad pricing, meaning what it gets for each ad, is growing while Yahoo's is shrinking, noted JMP Securities analyst Ronald Josey.
"AOL is specifically doing better in their core business and Yahoo has room for improvement for sure," he said.
Combining two online services is not a sure bet. Yahoo and Microsoft Corp voiced similar logic when they struck a Web search deal in 2009.
With Microsoft technology powering searches and search advertising for both companies, the partners hoped to mount a more competitive challenge to Google, the world's No. 1 search engine.
But the boost in search advertising prices has failed to materialize so far, and Yahoo has tried to slow the roll out of Microsoft technology on its websites in certain countries.

Paneerselvam is new Chief MinisterUpdated: September 29, 2014 09:10 IST
Panneerselvam to be CM again
B Aravind Kumar
Tweet
The Hindu O. Panneerselvam arriving at the AIADMK party office in Chennai. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
The Hindu The AIADMK MLAs unanimously elected the former Finance Minister Paneerselvam as the legislature party leader at a meeting in Chennai on Sunday. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
The Hindu The AIADMK MLAs unanimously elected the former Finance Minister Paneerselvam as the legislature party leader at a meeting in Chennai on Sunday. File photo
TOPICS
Tamil Nadu
This is the second time Mr. Panneerslevam will become the Chief Minister of the state.
O. Panneerselvam will be the next Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. He will assume the office for the second time under similar circumstances.
In September, 2001, AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa had to step down as her appointment as Chief Minister was quashed by the Supreme Court.
Thirteen years later, the conviction of Ms. Jayalalithaa by a Special court in Bangalore has elevated him again as Chief Minister.
Mr. Panneerselvam, the AIADMK treasurer, met Governor K. Rosaiah at the Raj Bhavan on Sunday evening and submitted a letter and resolution passed by the party legislators stating that he had been unanimously elected leader of the AIADMK legislature party.
The Governor has since invited him to form the Ministry, according to a Raj Bhavan communiqué.
The swearing-in ceremony is likely on Monday. However, there is no official word on the date and time of the ceremony.
He will be the 28th Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu since 1920.

Study business at NUBSUpdated: September 28, 2014 17:16 IST
Study business at NUBS
management institutes
Recently, the Newcastle University Business School (NUBS) joined the ranks of the global elite after receiving the triple crown from leading accreditation bodies. It also received AACSB (Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business) accreditation, a hallmark of business education excellence. In an interview with The Hindu Education Plus, Professor John Wilson, Director of Newcastle University Business School, speaks about the university’s MBA programmes and more.
Which are the most sought after MBA specialist programmes at NUBS?
We offer more than 21 business master’s programmes and two executive education programmes (MBA and executive MBA). Our MBA programmes are designed to bridge the gap between academic theory and professional experience and to meet the increasing demand for innovation and change.
Our programmes include 11 compulsory modules and a range of electives that provide students with an opportunity to tailor their MBA programme to suit their interests and career trajectory. The elective modules depend on current faculty, research and relevance to business and can be changed accordingly.
The elective modules currently offered are: Business Process Modelling; Corporate social responsibility and business ethics; Current affairs, news and organisations; Entrepreneurial Management; Finance and Investment; International Marketing; Leadership in Action; New Business Development; Understanding Partnership Working and Entrepreneurial Strategy
Can you elucidate some of the unique modules that set NUBS apart?
Our MBA programmes focus on collaboration and real-life application, and empower students with the knowledge, skills and confidence to be business leaders. Students are provided with opportunities to apply their learning in practice through live case studies and company projects, enhancing their career prospects.
The Global Political Economy module enables students to identify, analyse and discuss the macro-economic and institutional forces influencing the development and regulation of the global economy.
We have also developed a Global Strategic Design module which aims at helping students engage with the challenges, tensions and opportunities when doing business on a global scale. This module is also linked to the university’s aim of international engagement.
Business in Action is a theme that runs throughout the MBA programmes and enables students to explore the practical challenges associated with business. Students engage with real-time action learning in which they have the opportunity to consolidate and apply what they have learnt within constrained time-frames.
What is the Global Experience Opportunity programme? What is the nature of NUBS’ tie-up with the RBI?
The Global Experience Opportunity (GEO) is a programme of activities created to provide students with opportunities to enhance their global employability through a mixture of study and work experience initiatives. It introduces students to the international business community and equips them with the practical skills needed to succeed in today’s hugely competitive and fast-paced global business environment.
Students who take up this programme get the opportunity to intern with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and undergo a challenging 6-week summer internship. The participants undertake project-based work within the key functional areas of the bank, while gaining insights into India’s diverse culture. They are also exposed to the fast-paced business environment.
This year, Newcastle students will have the unique opportunity to work at RBI along with students from Boston University.
Are there any scholarships available for Indian students? What is the approximate fee structure?
There are a range of scholarships being offered to students from India. These include Newcastle University Indian Scholarship (NUIS PG); Newcastle University International Postgraduate Scholarship (NUIPS) and Country Specific scholarships for Indian Students. Details of the full range of scholarships will be published on the university website www.ncl.ac.uk/postgraduate/funding as soon as they become available. For international students, the fees for a full-time MBA is £16,500 and executive MBA (Two years part-time) is £7,500 per year (as of 2014).
What are the eligibility criteria to apply for these courses?
Both our MBA programmes require a minimum upper-second-class honours (2:1) bachelor degree or its international equivalent. Our full-time MBA programme is designed to suit a variety of high-calibre professionals with at least three years of postgraduate work experience. Due to the flexibility of the MBA programme, cohorts comprise a wide range of experience and expertise which creates a rich and diverse learning experience. Our executive MBA programme is aimed at senior managers who want to combine a part-time programme with their careers. The programme is based on a block delivery mode to enable a suitable work-life balance. Applicants to all programmes need to meet our English language criteria.
Is work experience mandatory or can fresh graduates apply for these courses?
Both our MBA programmes require work experience at managerial level. However, the school offers a diverse portfolio of master’s programmes where work experience is not mandatory.

O Panneerselvam succeeds Jayalalithaa as Tamil Nadu s new Chief MinisterSep 28, 2014 at  06:59pm IST
O Panneerselvam named Tamil Nadu's new Chief Minister, to take oath on Monday
5
3
Chennai: O Panneerselvam has succeeded All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK)) chief as Tamil Nadu's new Chief Minister. He will take oath as the CM at 11 am on Monday.
The decision to appoint Panneerselvam as the CM was taken at a meeting of AIADMK MLAs at the party headquarters in Chennai on Sunday where his name was proposed for the top post.
Soon after his appointment, Paneerselvam, who is currently Tamil Nadu's Finance Minister, drove to Raj Bhavan to call on Governor Rosaiah to convey the party's decision. He was accompanied by Housing minister R Vaithilingam, Electricity Minister Natham Viswanathan and Highway Minister Edappadi Palanisamy.
#o panneerselvam #jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #disproportionate assets
The 63-year-old belongs to the dominant Mudukulathor community and is a trusted lieutenant of Jayalalithaa.
The crucial decision to name Jayalalithaa's successor was taken as the AIADMK chief was on Saturday convicted and sentenced for four years in the Rs 66.65 crore illegal asset case.
He had been camping in Bangalore since Saturday when Jayalalithaa travelled there for the verdict in the disproportionate asset case and returned to Chennai on Sunday to take up the new responsibility as per her direction.
Apart from Panneerselvam, Natham Viswanathan, V Senthil Balaji, former Chief Secretary and Advisor to Tamil Nadu government Sheela Balakrishnan were the other probable names doing the rounds for the top post.
Earlier in 2001 too, when the Supreme Court struck down her appointment as Chief Minister following her conviction in TANSI land case, she had made her loyal aide and then not-so-known face Panneerselvam as her successor to power.
Described as "Mr Faithful", the soft spoken and suave leader literally functioned as "interm-chief minister" for about six months and duly vacated the post after Jayalalithaa was acquitted in the case.
9

Indian wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt clinches gold  India in top-10 at AsiadWrestler Yogeshwar Dutt clinches gold, India in top-10 at Asiad
Press Trust of India | Incheon Sep 28, 2014 04:04 PM IST
Star wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt notched up India's fourth gold medal, while Khushbir Kaur became the first woman from the country to win a medal in 20km Race Walking by clinching a silver as India shot up to eighth in overall standings on the ninth day of competitions in the 17th Asian Games here today.
Besides, tennis players accounted for three bronze medals through Yuki Bhambri (men's singles and men's doubles with Divij Sharan) and Sania Mirza and Prarthana Thombare (women's doubles). Middle-distance runner M R Poovamma won a bronze in the women's 400m race.
It was yet another joyful day for the Indian contingent after yesterday's rich haul of 10 medals and have now broken into the top 10 for the first time since the multi-discipline extravaganza began on September 19.
With the addition of six more medals today, India were placed eighth in the table with a collection of four gold, five silver and 24 bronze. China continued to maintain their supremacy with a tally of 207 (101-61-45), followed by South Korea (41-45-44) and Japan (32-44-44).
Medals won today aside, India can look forward to rich haul in the coming days as well with the women boxers assured of medals in all three weight categories. The men's doubles tennis team of Sanam Singh and Saketh Myneni also assured themselves of at least a silver by advancing to the final.
Yogeshwar was star performer of the day as he better his 2006 edition bronze in style with a couple of splendid bouts. The Olympic bronze-medallist was trailing all through in his semifinal bout before coming good in the last few seconds to enter the final.
In the summit clash, Yogeshwar defeated Zalimkhan Yusupov of Tajikistan to expectedly pick the gold.
Earlier, Khushbir Kaur provided the early spark by becoming the first Indian woman to win a medal in race walking in the Asian Games as she clinched a silver in 20km event.
The 21-year-old from Amritsar clocked 1:33:07 to finish behind Lu Xiuzhi of China, who won the gold in 1:31:06, at the Marathon Course here.
The Indian, who holds the national record of 1:31:40, was consistently third till the 18km mark before going up a position in the final two kilometres, thanks largely to the slowing down of second-placed Chinese Nie Jingjing, who eventually finished fourth.

Enter at your own riskUpdated: September 26, 2014 17:58 IST
Enter at your own risk
Sangeetha Devi Dundoo
Tweet
A white tiger in the zoo Photo: Rajeev Bhatt
A visitor tries to draw the attention of a cheetah at Nehru Zoological Park, Hyderabad. Photo: V.V. Subrahmanyam
AFP White tiger in the zoo Photo: AFP
TOPICS
wildlife
Dos and don’ts are listed for a reason. Breaking rules with a false sense of bravery is an invitation to trouble, like the recent incident in the Delhi zoo proved
It’s been four days since the gruesome incident at the Delhi zoo where a youngster was mauled by a white tiger and there have been a number of arguments on security measures that need to be in place in a zoo, restraint that visitors need to exercise and the response time in case of an emergency. The Delhi incident is not an isolated one. In August 2009, an intoxicated visitor at the Nehru Zoological Park, Hyderabad, ended up with a mauled arm after trying to feed grass to a white tiger.
The Delhi incident aside, there’s no denying that following protocol would help while visiting zoos, national parks and even while crossing a forest area — in short, how we behave while entering a territory that belongs to animals.
Mahesh S. Koneru, a photography enthusiast who frequents the Nehru Zoological Park, is peeved with the behaviour of visitors. “I’ve come across boys, in the age group of 15 to 22, throwing sticks and stones at animals and creating a ruckus. Despite instructions, some photographers use flash while taking photographs, try to step inside the barricade to get a better view of the animal or draw its attention by throwing stones,” he says.
This rabble rousing, he feels, stems from a lack of understanding of animal nature. “In a zoo, animals are not in their natural habitats and are confined to small spaces. But we can’t take their sedentary nature for granted. Provoking them will cause their natural, predatory instincts to kick in,” he adds.
Every zoo and national park lists out instructions to visitors. “Animals attack only when they are provoked and feel threatened. We screen a seven-minute video with instructions. The chance of an incident similar to Delhi occurring here is less since there is more than one barrier between carnivores and visitors,” says Mallikarjuna Rao, director of the Nehru Zoological Park.
Across the country, zoos are beefing up security. The Nehru Zoological Park will be deploying people to keep vigil and step up mobile surveillance. “The response time should be reduced such that we reach the venue within minutes for help,” says Rao.
Zoos are not the only places where the man-animal behaviour is put to test. Drive through forest areas in Srisailam and one would spot people parking vehicles on the road, having an impromptu picnic, honking and littering the path, turning a blind eye to boards urging passers by to not halt in the forest area.
It’s a similar story on the Narsapur route. Diyanat Ali of Great Hyderabad Adventure Club and Outlife, an adventure travel company, recounts watching people feed monkeys on the street. “The monkeys have gotten so used to human presence that they line up on the road expecting to be fed,” he observes. Ali states that apart from curiosity towards animals that makes people provoke animals in their habitat, a part of it also stems from superstitious beliefs. “Some believe that feeding animals will wash away their sins. But throwing food into animal enclosures is uncalled for,” he says. Ali feels persistent, long-term awareness campaigns will help. “Innovative awareness campaigns have to be taken up across different channels over a period of time,” he says.
To this, Mahesh adds, “While listing dos and don’ts, it’s also important to say why. I learnt a lot of things about animals only when I began venturing out to take photographs. Perhaps detailing why certain things are out of bounds will help people understand wildlife.”

Muthuraman s 48-year long stint with Tata Steel endsiron and steel
Widely acknowledged as the person behind transforming Tata Steel into the world’s eleventh largest steel-maker, B. Muthuraman on Friday had his last day in office after 48-year long stint on attaining the age of 70.
“Tata Steel has informed the BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange) that Mr. B Muthuraman, Vice-Chairman of the company has stepped down from the Board of the company on September 26, 2014, on attaining the age of 70 years, in accordance with the company’s retirement policy,” the steel major said in an exchange filing.
Mr. Muthuraman, who celebrated his birthday spending most of the day in office in Bombay House meeting colleagues and friends, told PTI that he has no regrets and it was a huge “pleasure and honour” to work with such an “open organisation” which “allows enough freedom to work.”
Beginning his journey in the country’s leading steel firm in 1966 as a trainee engineer, he rose to the position of Vice-Chairman in 2009 before spending eight long years as Managing Director.
Tata Steel not only grew domestically under Mr. Muthraman’s stewardship, but also expanded overseas, extending its footprint across various geographies with acquisition of Tata Steel Thailand (earlier known as NatSteel Holdings and Millennium Steel) and Tata Steel Europe (formerly known as Corus) between 2001-2009.
The acquired firms have manufacturing base in Singapore, Thailand, China, Malaysia, Vietnam, Australia, the UK, France, Germany, the Netherlands and Belgium.
The expansion of the company’s lone steel making facility at Jamshedpur to 9.7 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) in Jharkhand was undertaken during his tenure as the functional head of Tata Steel.
Tata Steel’s decision to set up a six million tonne greenfield plant in two phases, to be commissioned by the end of current year, was also Mr. Muthuraman’s brainchild.
The company had just three mtpa capacity in 2001 when he took over at the helm of affairs.
Established in 1907 as Asia’s first integrated private sector steel company, Tata Steel Group is among the top-ten global steel companies with an annual crude steel capacity of nearly 30 million tonnes per annum.
It is the world’s second-most geographically-diversified steel producer now and had recorded a turnover of $24.81 billion in last fiscal.
G. K. Pillai to head Tata International
Tata International Ltd., the global trading and distribution arm of the Tata group, on Friday, appointed former Union Home Secretary G. K. Pillai as its Chairman. Mr. Pillai succeeds B. Muthuraman. Mr. Pillai’s appointment is with effect from September 26, Tata International Ltd. said in a statement.

Tapes prove regulators cozy with GoldmanShe says she has the tapes to prove that regulators were cozy with Goldman
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 26, 2014: 4:57 PM ET
Carmen Segarra made audio recordings of her time working at the New York Fed.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Wall Street's watchdogs are often accused of being too cozy with the banks they're supposed to regulate, and now one woman claims she has the tapes to prove it.
Carmen Segarra, who worked at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for seven months in late 2011 and early 2012, says she has evidence from 48 hours of audio she taped during her time at the regulator.
According to a report by the radio program This American Life in conjunction with ProPublica, Segarra asserts that the tapes reveal how her bosses at the New York Fed repeatedly shot down her suggestions for tougher regulations on Wall Street powerhouse Goldman Sachs ( GS ).
Related: Elizabeth Warren: The market is broken
Segarra is currently suing her former employer over her dismissal, which she believes was a result of her trying to blow the whistle.
In one well-publicized case, Goldman came under fire for its role in the $21 billion acquisition of pipeline company El Paso by Kinder Morgan ( KMI ). Goldman was advising El Paso on the deal even though it owned 20% of Kinder at the time. That conflict later sparked shareholder lawsuits.
In Segarra's view, Goldman lacked a firm-wide conflicts of interest policy. She and her legal team began preparing a formal finding on Goldman that would have forced the bank to adopt a policy suitable to the Fed, the report asserts.
However, she received an icy reception from her superiors, who insisted Goldman had a conflict of interest policy, albeit a weak one.
"Carmen, I don't understand why the fixation on whether they do or don't have a policy," said Mike Silva in the audio recording posted online. "They have one, we can say it's a miserable one."
 
Why investing in women pays off
In another situation, Goldman did a transaction with Spain's Banco Santander that would make the Spanish bank's balance sheet look stronger than it was.
The deal would net Goldman at least $40 million, while at the same time making Santander appear healthy to European regulators.
"It's pretty apparent when you think this thing through that it's basically window dressing that's designed to help Banco Santander artificially enhance its capital," said Mike Silva, who at the time was the New York Fed's top regulator stationed inside Goldman. "We're looking at a transaction that's legal but shady," he added.
Related: Banks need more cash to prevent next crisis
But Silva never took Goldman to task on the deal, according to Segarra, despite the fact that he felt the regulator needed to sign off on it. Silva told his employees that he was going to grill Goldman on why they didn't get official approval from the New York Fed.
"Sounds like that dropped out at some point, or...?," was all he could muster in a meeting with Goldman executives.
The New York Fed and Goldman are both pushing back on the report.
In a statement to This American Life posted on the its website, the New York Fed says Segarra had no previous experience as a regulator and was let go "entirely on performance grounds, not because she raised concerns as a member of the examination team about any institution." The New York Fed also pointed out that Segarra is asking for $7 million to settle her lawsuit.
Goldman, for its part, also released a statement to This American Life, claiming that a quick Google search "shows publicly available Goldman Sachs documents outlining the management of conflicts."
Goldman also noted that Segarra unsuccessfully interviewed with the bank multiple times prior to her job with the New York Fed.
First Published: September 26, 2014: 4:03 PM ET
Most Popular

Minnie Driver Drops More Than $2.4M on LA Homeminnie driver drops more than $2.4m on la home
How I survived the dungeon of Donetsk© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/36e6cb8c-458c-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hungary halts flow of gas to UkraineHungary halts flow of gas to Ukraine
By Neil Buckley, East Europe Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c5d2bf0-4552-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin demands EU-Ukraine pact rewritePutin demands reopening of EU trade pact with Ukraine
By Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4de51ae-44ca-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China’s anti-corruption push hits Macau© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79e893dc-4552-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Luck runs out for Macau gaming stocksLuck runs out for Macau gaming stocks
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/605d5600-1c5d-11e4-98d8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Financial watchdog warns of more finesJuly 17, 2014 7:24 pm
UK financial watchdog warns more fines are in the pipeline
By Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fdc39980-0dc2-11e4-b149-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK regulators to police 7 more benchmarksUK financial regulators to police 7 more benchmarks
By Sam Fleming and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e48d5594-44c9-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

7 Rescued  32 Missing as Volcano Erupts in JapanAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Rosneft wants China investor for oilfieldRosneft proposes Chinese company take stake in Russian oilfield
By Jack Farchy in Moscow and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01ab7166-31f0-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi invites Indian-American business leaders to IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Facebook to test internet beaming drones in ...You are here: Home > Collections
Facebook to test internet beaming drones in 2015
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 02.54PM IST
Tags:
Connectivity Lab
(A team at the FB Connectivity…)
WASHINGTON: Facebook plans to start testing its internet-carrying solar-powered drones in 2015, with the ultimate aim of getting two-thirds of the global population online.
Mark Zuckerberg had unveiled Facebook's Connectivity Lab and its partnership with the Internet.org project in March this year.
The initiative seeks to use solar-powered unmanned aerial vehicles to beam internet down to the two thirds of the global population who are not yet connected, according to 'Gizmag'.
Speaking at the Social Good Summit in New York last week, engineering director at Facebook Connectivity Lab, Yael Maguire, detailed the company's vision of internet-carrying drones, with plans to begin testing in 2015 in a US location which is yet to be determined.
"In order for us to fly these planes - unmanned planes that have to fly for months, or perhaps years at a time - we actually have to fly above the weather, above all airspace," Maguire told Mashable.
"That's between 60,000 and 90,000 feet. Routinely, planes don't fly there, and certainly not drones," he said.
The size of the planes will be roughly the size of a commercial aircraft.
One of the plane models the lab is working on is the length of "about six or seven Priuses, but is the weight of four of the tires of a Prius," Maguire said.
A team at the Facebook Connectivity Lab is specifically working on policy, advising the technology and development teams on regulations that are in place.
Right now, there's a 'one pilot per plane' rule, but Maguire said they need a regulatory environment that's open to one pilot managing up to 100 of these solar-powered planes.
"We can't have one person per plane if we want to figure out how to connect the world," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

5 life lessons to learn from Wipro chairman ...You are here: Home > Collections > Wipro
5 life lessons to learn from Wipro chairman Azim Premji
Business Insider Sep 28, 2014, 02.57PM IST
Tags:
( The 69 year old business…)
By Purba Das
Azim Premji, the fourth richest person in India, is credited for diversifying Wipro, which was originally a manufacturer of vegetable and refined oils in Amalner, district Jalgaon in Maharashtra. The 69 year old business tycoon took charge at a young age of 21 and since then has been imparting many of the lessons he learnt during his career with India's youth. Here are five life lessons that every budding entrepreneur can learn from him.
Know Your Strength
While it is important to know one's weaknesses, it is equally important to know one's strengths as well. Azim Premji has followed this throughout his life and turned what was then a $2 million hydrogenated cooking fat company into the $ 7 billion company, with a presence in 60 countries. At an event organized by AIMA and Bombay Management Association, he had said that it important to cherish the good in us because it is only our strengths that helps us correct our weaknesses.
Stay Grounded
Every entrepreneur can become successful. But what is important is to not let success go to your head. Or so says Premji. He has always advised young entrepreneurs to remain down to earth because the moment one lets success get into the head, he is already on his way to failure. He has also stressed on the fact that failure is as much a natural phenomenon as success is. So, when you encounter failure, always learn your lessons and move on!
Be Far-Sighted!
The 69 year old philanthropist believes change is inevitable. And so he advises everyone to develop their own early warning system, which sets the alarm and prepares one for the changes ahead. He believes 'being forewarned is being forearmed' even when things are going right.
Stick To Your Values!
He has believed that one's value system forms the core of the business. Premji has time and again emphasized on the need for sticking to values because he firmly believes that success in business eventually but inevitably follows. He has said that once you stand by what you believe and don't compromise with it under any circumstances; he becomes resilient to stand up to crisis, a quality much adored in entrepreneurs!
Have Faith!
Azim Premji has always believed that it is important to have faith in one's own ideas, even when everyone around tells you it is impossible. It is this faith that has helped him diversify Wipro and make it an IT giant, not just in the country but across the globe.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1xrWFvNPIMCO names Ivascyn its new Bill Gross
By: Matt Krantz September 26, 2014 7:44 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Dan Ivascyn takes over as head of CIO of PIMCO. Source: PIMCO
PIMCO late Friday named Daniel Ivascyn as its new chief investment officer, replacing Bill Gross who resigned today.
Ivascyn, 44, has served as deputy chief investment officer at PIMCO since Jan. 21, 2014 and joined the company in 1998. Most recently, he managed the company’s PIMCO Income Fund which has $38 billion under management, Bloomberg says. Ivascyn and Alfred Murata were named bond fund managers of the year for 2013 by Morningstar.
EARLIER:  Bond guru Bill Gross leaves Pimco, joins Janus Capital
Ivascyn has experience in a number of bond areas, including mortgage-backed securities, which have been an increasingly popular area of the fixed-income market.
Before joining PIMCO, Ivascyn worked in the asset-backed securities unit of Bear Stearns. He has also worked at T. Rowe Price and Fidelity Investments since getting into the business in 1991.
AT PIMCO:  Gross’ outspoken nature troubled colleagues
Ivascyn has an MBA from the University of Chicago and has a bachelor’s in economics from Occidental College.
Besides the change at the top, PIMCO made a number of other personnel changes. Scott Mather, Mark Kiesel and Mihir Worah were named the portfolio managers of PIMCO’s headliner Total Return Fund. Kiesel is recognized among insiders as being so convinced the housing market was overvalued during the housing bubble that he sold his own Newport Beach, Calif. home and moved into a rental to avoid the financial pain of the downturn. Kiesel was named bond manager of the year in 2012 by Morningstar.
Mather joined PIMCO in 1998 and before that was a bond trader focused on mortgage backed securities for Goldman Sachs. He holds a master’s degree in engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.
Worah joined PIMCO in 2001, before which he was researching at Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, where “he built models to explain the difference between matter and anti-matter,” PIMCO says. He holds a Ph. D. in theoretical physics from the University of Chicago.
“We have a deep bench of talent with extensive investment and leadership experience, including more than 240 portfolio managers globally, and our outstanding team around the world gives us the scale, talent, expertise and commitment to manage this transition,” Ivascyn said in a release. “We will continue to add and promote talent at all levels to help us drive our firm forward.”
Editor in Chief @dcallaway and financial guru @JohnWaggoner on Bill Gross' stunning PIMCO exit http://t.co/RNzT4XkQVf pic.twitter.com/j1QAGDKeHA

President s rule imposed in Maha | Maha Gov sounded out Sena  BJP on interim govtPresident's rule imposed in Maharashtra
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 03.46PM IST
Tags:
Congress
(President signed the proclamation…)
NEW DELHI: President's rule was imposed today in poll-bound Maharashtra after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned following the break-up of 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance in the state.
President Pranab Mukherjee signed the proclamation for imposition of central rule in Maharashtra, a day after the Union Cabinet recommended clamping of President's rule in the state, a Home Ministry spokesperson said.
The brief Cabinet meeting yesterday was chaired by Home Minister Rajnath Singh in the absence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who is away in the US.
With NCP withdrawing support to the government, Chavan had resigned on Friday. His resignation was accepted by Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao yesterday.
Since assembly elections in Maharashtra are scheduled on October 15, the Governor, in his report to the Centre, had recommended imposition of President's rule in the state.
NCP had on Thursday called off its alliance with Congress accusing Chavan of neglecting it and stalling talks over seat-sharing.
NCP's insistence on the two parties contesting an equal number of the state's 288 assembly seats and the demand for rotational chief ministership for half of the government's five-year term if the alliance retained power were the sticking points during the seat-sharing talks which eventually led to the collapse of the alliance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tommy Hilfiger - King of American prepUpdated: September 27, 2014 18:42 IST
Tommy Hilfiger - King of American prep
T. KRITHIKA REDDY
Tweet
Richard Phibbs Tommy Hilfiger.
AP Georgia May Jagger models an outfil from the Tommy Hilfiger Spring 2015 collection during Fashion Week in New York.
Special Arrangement Boots by Tommy Hilfiger
TOPICS
fashion
Style has an enduring quality that outlasts trends, says Tommy Hilfiger, who is in India to celebrate his brand’s 10th anniversary in the country.
So what if you cannot become a sensation like David Bowie, Mick Jagger, Jim Morrison or Led Zeppelin? You can at least dress like them! This was the thought that pushed a teenager with a can-do spirit to buy bell-bottom jeans from Manhattan and sell it in his style-famished town of Elmira, near New York. While the entrepreneurial strategy worked initially, bad management ruined his business. As he drifted about New York’s fashion fringes unwilling to give up on his dream of building a brand that reflected the essence of prep and American cool, businessman Mohan Murjani recognised his potential and backed him financially to launch his eponymous label. Today, Tommy Hilfiger is a fashion icon, and his rectangular red-white-blue logo can be spotted at fashion stores across the world. In this interview, the self-taught designer talks about a range of topics – from music-driven mood-boards to sustaining the rhythm of success.
It’s been 10 years since Tommy Hilfiger was launched in India. How has it performed in a place where a number of brands from the West have entered the market?
We are excited to be celebrating our brand’s 10th anniversary in India and are proud of our success here. As one of the first global American lifestyle brands in India, we have focussed on bringing our Americana heritage and the preppy lifestyle at the heart of the brand to consumers across the market. We believe India’s growing fashion industry is a strong platform to continue to elevate our business and reach more consumers. I founded the brand in 1985 in New York, and today we have over 1,400 stores across 90 countries. No matter where we are opening a new location — India or Japan, Brazil or New York — we always work to incorporate a local vibe that mixes with our global retail creative identity.
What is it about Tommy Hilfiger’s DNA that worked in diverse markets?
From the beginning, my goal has been to reinvent our signature “classic American cool” style. People worldwide have embraced the preppy, classic, all-American look at the heart of our brand, and they’re interpreting it in their own way. Our brand is about great style. After 40 years in the industry, I’ve found that style has an enduring quality that outlasts trends.
A retailer turned designer, when did you first realise you had it in you to handle the creative side?
I grew up in Elmira, a small town in upstate New York. The styles I wanted weren’t available there so it became my dream to develop cool, rock-and-roll-inspired clothing. When I was 18, I opened my first store, People’s Place, where we sold bell bottoms and other cool styles that hadn’t been seen in our small town before. I learned to do a lot myself: decorate the store, display merchandise and work with customers. Most importantly, the experience made me realise that design was my true passion, which set the foundation for my career. After my experience with People’s Place, I had a strong creative vision and wanted to express this through my own designs. I was fortunate to work with an inspiring group of business partners. To run a successful business, you need to have a solid grasp on all aspects – from design and production to finances and marketing. It’s important to understand and nurture the business side as much as the creative side.
Music has been an integral part of your evolution. How have the various genres influenced your mood boards?
It was classic rock-and-roll styles that first drove my career in fashion. While I couldn’t play an instrument, I figured I could look like a rock star instead. I loved the edgy individuality of The Rolling Stones, the laidback 1970s cool of Led Zeppelin, and the Brit-inspired styles of The Beatles. These are just some of the influences from the music world that continue to inspire my collections.
Prep continues to be cool…
Prep is rooted in the American East Coast and celebrates classic, clean-cut styles — the look is all about confidence, eclectic details and not taking yourself too seriously. The appeal of prep is that it can be worn in so many ways: classic, laid-back, cool, or even rock-and-roll. The phenomenon has gone global; I love to see the way the style differs across borders and how every one gives it their own spin.
What is your role after the takeover of Tommy Hilfiger by Phillips Van Heusen?
I am the Principal Designer of the Tommy Hilfiger brand and oversee the global creative vision and direction of our business.
What are your impressions of the Indian fashion scene?
I find traditional Indian fashion very inspiring — beautiful fabrics, stunning colours and details. Our Indian consumers have a great sense of style; they love classic cuts and silhouettes, redone with their own twist. There’s a great amount of talent in India’s fashion industry, as seen in both established and up-and-coming designers. I like Sabyasachi’s beautiful traditional designs and Rajesh Pratap Singh’s clean and minimal aesthetic. Miuniku is also a talented duo to watch; they combine colour, print and silhouette in a very fresh and unique way.
What are the three things that dominate your mind when you think of India?
Rich culture, bright colours, friendly people. I’ve visited India many times and have fantastic memories. I have a busy schedule planned, and look forward to taking in the sights, sounds and the incredible culture. I am definitely looking for a great gift to take home for my five-year-old son.
How have friendships from the art world enriched your work and life?
I’m an avid art collector — especially modern and pop art — and have always been inspired by art in my design process. My favourites are Damien Hirst, Jean-Michel Basquiat, Keith Haring and Andy Warhol. I knew Andy personally and consider him to be one of the ultimate icons of New York City life and culture. He embraced a unique point of view about the world and introduced a new framework for pop culture that created unparalleled momentum for pop art as a major new artistic movement.
Who are the musicians that make it to your all-time favourite list?
Music has been a passion since I was young, and it’s a constant source of inspiration for me. I like a mix of old and new; from The Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin and David Bowie to Kings of Leon, Alicia Keys, Beyoncé, HAIM, Lorde and Imagine Dragons. I’m lucky, today, my kids keep me up-to-date on cool new artists.
You didn’t have any formal education in fashion, yet chalked out a singular path…
I think with passion, drive and determination, anything is possible. I didn’t have a formal education but had incredible real-life experiences that gave me all the tools I needed to excel in the industry. I was open-minded and eager to learn from everything and everyone around me, and by channelling that energy into my career, I was able to build a successful global lifestyle brand.
The best and worst part of being Tommy Hilfiger…
The best part is having an incredible family who love and support me unconditionally. The worst part is not being able to get enough sleep, which all parents and designers can relate to.

From white tiger to ISIS terror: Does online make a tamasha of them allprint
Soon after Maqsood was mauled to death inside the white tiger enclosure in Delhi zoo, photographs and a video of the horrific incident, clicked and recorded by onlookers, came into the public domain. Blurring certain parts of the frame, the video was put up by most media organisations and soon went viral on the internet, propelled by the social media. The Facebook post by Hindustan Times about the video got more than 5,200 Likes and 1,050 Shares  .
 
A day later, however, another grisly video of the incident surfaced. The Indian Express carried a short front page story about the video, and noted that it revealed the zookeeper had tried to lure the tiger away from Maqsood, but failed. This video, too, quickly found a prominent place on the internet. It wasn’t blurred and clearly showed Maqsood’s fatal encounter with the beast—the man begging the tiger to leave him, a zoo keeper asking the tiger to get away, people shouting and throwing stones, and finally the tiger catching the 20-year-old by the neck and running about the enclosure.
 
Mobile phones with good-resolution cameras that many onlookers had ensured that Maqsood’s tragedy—the terror he experienced, the frightening death he died—is played out on our computer and smart-phone screens at the click of a mouse button. For many who watched the frightful non-blurred footage of Maqsood’s death on the internet, it was perhaps nothing but another interesting viral video.
 
Irrespective of whether the videos of Maqsood getting mauled served any purpose of investigation into the macabre incident or understanding animal psychology, what it surely did was douse one’s curiosity for the bizarre. By allowing millions to watch how Maqsood met his frightful death, these disturbing videos turned his death into a tamasha, an act of circus which ultimately went wrong.
 
In an incident similar to the Delhi zoo one, a man was mauled to death by two Royal Bengal tigers in Guwahati zoo when he put his hand into the enclosure to click a close up picture in December 2007. Coincidentally, The Hindu’s Northeast photographer was present at the zoo on some other assignment and captured the entire sequence of events--the tigers seizing the victim’s hand, the zoo officials trying to beat the tigers with sticks, and the victim collapsing outside the enclosure wall, his hand severed.
 
The next day, the newspaper published a black and white photograph of the tragic incident and the following paragraph was incorporated in the report . 
 
“The newsroom of The Hindu was caught in a dilemma whether to publish the disturbing pictures. A consensus favoured the publication of a picture for its educative role about safe behaviour in a zoo. To reduce the traumatic effect on readers, the picture is published in black and white rather than in colour.”
 
But back in 2007, things were completely different. According to the data made available by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) there are more than 918 million mobile phone subscribers in India today while in 2007-08 there were only around 260 million. Moreover, while the smartphone market was in its nascent stages in 2007-08, now there is an all-time peak with an estimated 111 million users in the country (according to a report in The Economic Times ). 
 
Unlike Maqsood’s videos, the only authentic visuals of the Guwahati zoo tragedy that reached the world were from the camera of a professional. And hence, certain editorial restraints could be enforced. But in today’s world, penetrated by smart-phones with high-speed internet connections, the rules of the game have experienced a paradigm shift.
 
The Internet comes with immense potentialities—anything and everything, without any editorial judgement, can be uploaded by an individual and consequently, reach millions within a very short period of time. The vast ocean of information uploaded by individual users is completely uncensored and can spread across the world instantaneously even the content is in bad taste, violent, offensive or unverified.
 
Last year, after the Boston Marathon bombings, a Brown University student Sunil Tripathi, who had gone missing about a month before the bombings, was misidentified on several social media platforms as a suspect before the FBI identified the actual ones—Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Though the popular online forum Reddit issued a public apology later, Tripathi’s family had to face a lot of humiliation due to the social media campaigns identifying Sunil as the Boston bomber.    In fact, his dead body was found floating on a river on April, 23.
 
“…it shows yet again the power and danger of the Internet’s wide open-publishing capabilities. Information may want to be free, but there’s often a cost associated with unverified facts that are widely distributed at rapid speed,” said a report on the incident   in the Time magazine.
 
Though the necessity of a free and uncensored internet is of paramount importance, it can be argued that perhaps, at times, the internet must carry out self-regulatory exercises. And a recent example of that is how Twitter and YouTube reacted after the beheading video of American journalist James Foley went viral.
 
Soon after the video of James Foley being beheaded by the ISIS went viral on the internet, his cousin, Kelly Folly gave a desperate call on Twitter. He wrote, “Don't watch the video. Don't share it. That's not how life should be.” Soon, Twitter and YouTube cracked down on the video as best as they could.
 
A report by CNN noted that, “There's a big difference between individual user decisions and institutional decisions by Twitter and YouTube. For the Web sites, blocking objectionable content is a form of editing.”
 
And this ‘editing’, a certain self-regulation by the social media, was needed to stop the brutal act from becoming a spectacle of terror, to prevent James Folly’s decapitation from being watched and re-watched only to satisfy the human urge for the grotesque and the absurd.
 
Maqsood’s death, unfortunately, did not incite any such reaction. Thus, whenever someone gets curious about how big cats maul people falling into their enclosures, he or she can search Google and Maqsood will be there cowering in front of the white tiger and begging for his life.

Crucial AIADMK meet to decide on new Tamil Nadu Chief Minister beginsSep 28, 2014 at 03:55pm IST
Crucial AIADMK meet to decide on new Tamil Nadu Chief Minister begins
20
0
Chennai: The crucial meeting of the ruling All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam has begun to decide on the new Tamil Nadu Chief Minister in Chennai on Sunday. As party supremo and Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa has been convicted and sentenced in the Rs 66.65 crore illegal asset case, AIADMK MLAs are likely to propose a candidate for the CM's post.
Some of the names of Jayalalithaa's cabinet ministers including O Panneerselvam, Natham Viswanathan and V Senthil Balaji besides former Chief Secretary and Advisor to Tamil Nadu government, Sheela Balakrishnan are doing the rounds for the top post.
However, Jayalalithaa could still spring a surprise by possibly nominating a more not-so-known face.
As Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has been convicted and sentenced in the Rs 66.65 crore illegal asset case, AIADMK MLAs are likely to propose a candidate for the CM's post.
#jayalalithaa #aiadmk #aiadmk meet #disproportionate assets case
All the legislators have been asked to be present. Majority of the ministers of the Jayalalithaa ministry and MLAs had been in Bangalore since Saturday to know the outcome of the Special Court verdict.
Meanwhile, normalcy was returning to the state which witnessed sporadic violence in the aftermath of Jayalalithaa's conviction and sentencing, police said.
Bus services, suspended in many parts of the state, were being resumed in a phased manner though operations to Bangalore were still not being taken up.
Jayalalithaa was handed down four year simple prison term and Rs 100 crore fine by the court in a verdict that sent shock waves among AIADMK cadres.
Jayalalithaa's close associate N Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who are the other accused in the case were also given four-year prison term and slapped a fine of Rs 10 crore each.
0

Volunteer groups start clean-up drive in Kashmir Valley12
0
Srinagar: With the civic authorities crippled by the recent floods, volunteer groups here have started their own clean-up drive in the Kashmir Valley.
Nissar Ahmad Dar and Mehrajuddin Ganiae are leading an initiative to clean the Doodhganga stream of the garbage dumped by floods at three bridges within a span of 600 metres.
"We waited for two weeks for the government agencies to come and clear the silt from the roads and garbage from the Doodhganga but then decided to do it on our own," Dar said as he and his colleagues were bringing up logs stuck under the bridge near Bone and Joint Hospital Barzullah.
At some places in the city like Rawalpora and Hyderpora , the volunteers set the garbage on fire as Srinagar Municipal Corporation (SMC) could not cope up with the massive amount of waste generated due to floods.
#volunteer #jammu and kashmir #floods #devastation
Dar said the volunteers from his area had earlier cleared the silt from the interiors of Barzullah and some adjoining areas to make the roads motorable.
"One thing this adversity has taught us is that we cannot wait for the government to do everything for us. There are two reasons for that - first, the concerned official needs approval from his superior for everything and second is funding as it takes time to get it sanctioned. So wherever
possible we will do things ourselves," he said.
Dar and his volunteers said they were hoping that the civic authorities will take urgent steps to deal with problem of encroachment and other issues.
"There are encroachments on the banks of Doodhganga and some canals, which acted of outlets for flood water. Those need to be removed. Also, the Doodhganga needs to be dredged while the embankments need to be raised to allow more water holding capacity," he added.
At some places in the city like Rawalpora and Hyderpora , the volunteers set the garbage on fire as Srinagar Municipal Corporation (SMC) could not cope up with the massive amount of waste generated due to floods.
1

Governor had asked Shiv Sena  BJP if they can form interim governmentSep 28, 2014 at 04:19pm IST
Governor had asked Shiv Sena, BJP if they can form interim government
20
0
Mumbai: Before imposition of President's rule in Maharashtra, Governor Vidyasagar Rao had written separate letters to Shiv Sena and BJP seeking to know if they could form an interim government in the state after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan resigned on Friday.
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had split on September 25 over the issue of seat sharing for October 15 assembly elections.
Chavan had resigned after his government was reduced to a minority as the ally NCP withdrew the support.
The 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had split on September 25 over the issue of seat sharing for October 15 assembly elections.
#shiv sena #bjp #prithviraj chavan #cv rao
"After the withdrawal of support by NCP to the Democratic Front government on 25th September, the government has become a minority government," the letter written yesterday by the Governor to senior Sena leader Subhash Desai read.
"In this regard I am exploring other avenues of government formation and hence I would like to know from you as leader of Legislative Party Shiv Sena whether your party is able and willing to form the government," the letter added.
Rao further said that if both parties fail to respond to his letter, it shall be deemed that the parties are not willing or able to form the government.
Reacting to the Governor's letter, Sena leader Subhash Desai said the party will form a government only when it comes to power with a majority post elections.
"Yes, the Governor did send me a letter asking us if we would like to form the government. I categorically told him that he does not need to come to us. We will ourselves go to him, but only after we win the elections with a majority," Desai said.
It was learnt that a similar letter was sent to BJP leader Eknath Khadse as well. However, despite repeated attempts, Khadse remained unavailable for comment.
Rao, a senior BJP leader from Telangana, was appointed Governor of Maharashtra last month, after K Sankaranarayanan resigned from the post following his transfer to Mizoram.
0

O Panneerselvam to replace Jayalalithaa as Tamil Nadu CMJayalalithaa to move Karnataka high court for bail
PTI  Chennai, September 28, 2014
First Published: 14:57 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:50 IST(28/9/2014)
Jailed AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa will move the Karnataka high court on Monday to seek a bail for her while they were also finalising a strategy for seeking a stay on her conviction and sentence in the disproportionate assets case.
 
"We will be filing a bail application in the Karnataka high court tomorrow (Monday)," B Kumar, senior counsel for the 66-year-old leader, told PTI, a day after a special court sentenced her to four years in jail that immediately disqualified her from being an MLA.
 
But it may be taken up only on Tuesday when there is a scheduled hearing by a vacation bench because the high court will observe holidays from September 29 to August 6 for Dasara.
 
A battery of lawyers were giving final touches to their legal strategy in seeking immediate relief for Jayalalithaa, who has been convicted by special judge John Michael D'Cunha and sentenced to four years imprisonment in the Rs. 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case.
 
Since the sentencing was for a period more than three years, only the high court can grant bail in Jayalalithaa's case.
 
Kumar said a team of lawyers were holding discussions on filing a petition seeking stay of conviction and also the sentence awarded to Jayalalithaa in the 18-year old case.
Read: Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years jail in corruption case; clashes in Tamil Nadu
 
The criminal revision petition is one of the options before the lawyers who would like to secure an immediate stay on the conviction and the sentencing.
 
A stay on the conviction, which superior courts are said to be normally reluctant to grant in a corruption case, would nullify the disqualification as MLA which the AIADMK leader has suffered with Saturday's judgement.
 
Unless the conviction is overturned by a superior court, Jayalalithaa runs the risk of being barred from contesting elections for 10 years — four years when she is in jail and six years after release.
Under a Supreme Court judgement of last year, any MLA or MP would stand automatically disqualified if he or she is convicted and sentenced to an imprisonment of a period not less than two years.
 
Before this judgement, Section 8(4) of the Representation of People Act, which was stuck down by the Supreme Court, protected an elected representative from disqualification if they appeal before a higher court within three months.
 
In a rare case, the Supreme Court had stayed the conviction by the Punjab and Haryana high court of culpable homicide in a case involving former cricketer Navjot Singh Sidhu.
 
The advocates representing Jayalalithaa have secured the copy of the judgement delivered by the special Court on Saturday which also imposed a staggering fine of Rs. 100 crore.
  
The court also found guilty three others — Jayalalithaa's close associate Sasikala her relatives V N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who were handed four year jail term and a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
The Rs. 100 crore fine is the highest imposed on any politician by the special judge who heard the case of Rs. 66.65 crore disproportionate assets acquired during Jayalalithaa's first term as chief minister between 1991 and 1996.
 
Convicting her, special judge D'Cunha said the prosecution had proved beyond doubt that the accused had acquired assets worth Rs. 53.64 crore unlawfully.
 
Jayalalithaa appealed for leniency from the judge claiming that the case against her was politically motivated. She also sought leniency on the ground that she was suffering from illness and stress.
AIADMK leaders to meet
Meanwhile, AIADMK MLAs are likely to meet in Chennai to propose a candidate for the chief minister's post.
 
Party sources said the meeting is likely to be held later in the day and all the legislators have been asked to be present.
  
Majority of the ministers of the Jayalalithaa ministry and MLAs had been in Bangalore since Saturday to know the outcome of the  verdict.
 
However, Jayalalithaa could still spring a surprise by possibly nominating a more not-so-known face.
 
Meanwhile, normalcy was returning to the state which witnessed sporadic violence in the aftermath of Jayalalithaa's conviction and sentencing, police said.
 
Bus services, suspended in many parts of the state, were being resumed in a phased manner though operations to Bangalore were still not being taken up.
 
Jayalalithaa was handed down four year simple prison term and Rs. 100 crore fine by the court in a verdict that sent shock waves among AIADMK cadres.
 
Jayalalithaa's close associate N Sasikala, her relatives VN Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi, who are the other accused in the case were also given four-year prison term and slapped a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.

Narendra Modi in America: What to expectShare on Twitter
For two countries that are multi-cultural democracies and open societies, it is staggering that India and the United States have had the most roller coaster sort of relationship for about a century.
Despite Franklin D Roosevelt pleading India’s case for Independence with Winston Churchill and Barack Obama calling India & the USA “natural allies”, geo-political and strategic interests had often put the two countries on different sides in the interim period. Whether it was Nehru’s discomforting visit in 1949 or the Nixon-Kissinger era, relations have varied from lukewarm to downright frosty.
It is not to say that there weren’t leaders who saw potential in joining hands if not hearts; Presidents Eisenhower and Kennedy were early advocates of friendship, and Bill Clinton and George Bush Jr have been openly warm friends.
In India, Nehru embarked on his foreign policy path of non-alliance and support of Communist China. In the reign of Indira Gandhi, we discontinued the shiploads of food aid, and her open hostility when Richard Nixon visited India was fully reciprocated by him. The main thorn in the relationship then was Pakistan, a close ally of the United States throughout the cold war era when India had sided with the USSR.
When the Berlin Wall fell, it brought down a lot of diplomatic barriers around the world as well – for it was a harbinger of the end of the Cold War. The geo-political map of the world was set to change. Though belated, it was Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee who seized the moment and despite the ineffective sanctions imposed by Clinton post Pokharan nuclear tests, he went that extra mile to cultivate America as a friend.
Then 9/11 changed the world in the same way as the Berlin wall did with Geroge Bush Jr openly coming out again Islamic terrorist modules, many of which he understood operated out of ally Pakistan’s territory (though he misunderstood a lot about Iraq over the same issue).
By 9/11, the world was again a changed place – the unipolar pivot embedded in Uncle Sam’s courtyard was being economically and militarily challenged by the rise of China. And Pakistan was increasingly looking like a country in shambles with Islamic hoodlums running riot on the Pak-Afghan border, while India had slowly opened its economy and adopted the liberalization policy unlocking the doors of the middle class market to the world.
In this scenario, it was no surprise then that Dr Manmohan Singh and George Bush saw the warmest ever relations which were sealed by the Indo-US nuclear treaty, IAEA and NSG exemptions pushed by the US and initiation of the Indo-US strategic dialogue.
Since the time Dr Manmohan Singh openly proclaimed to George Bush that India “loves you” (and that did raise eyebrows), relations have cooled off, more circumstantially than for any purpose of strategy. Barack Obama did come to India, addressed the joint session of Parliament and backed India for a permanent seat of the Security Council, but has done little to take ties forward.
Rather relations deteriorated last December to the point of a diplomatic confrontation over a trifle of an issue – the Devyani Khobragade case where the Indian diplomat in New York was arrested and strip searched for alleged mistreatment of a maid and visa fraud. India retaliated with a series of measures against American clubs in India, removing immunity of US embassy vehicles and staff and by deporting two Americans, Wayne May and his wife Alicia.
But the removed officials only made matters worse through a series of social media comments describing India as a “zoo” and blaming vegetarianism for sexual assaults.
Another bone of contention recently has been a series of revelations, including through Edward Snowden’s wikileaks, that the US resorted to spying on Indian leaders, India’s UN mission at New York and Embassy at Washington.
The biggest oddity, however, during Narendra Modi’s visit to the White House will be the delicate balancing act that the US would have to do as they welcome him – perhaps they have themselves never encountered such a peculiar case where they would have to roll out the red carpet for a man who was denied even a simple tourist visa.
The incident is one among the many of America’s eccentric self defeating faux pas. Had the visa been denied after much thought, taking into consideration Narendra Modi’s alleged role in the 2002 Gujarat riots, one would have still understood, but the story was in reality quite different.
If one were to believe Fareed Zakaria, it so happened that the US had enacted International Religious Freedom Act (IRFA) in 1998 to promote and safeguard diverse religious interests, but the government soon came under criticism for using IRFA only to protect the Christian community. As a means to stave off censure, it decided to arbitrarily slap the provision against Gujarat Chief Minister Modi to show this as a means of support for the Muslim community.
 
Thinking that a denial of visa to a hardly known provincial leader would cause no real harm, little did the US anticipate that the issue would one day snowball into a huge controversy and that the regional leader would take the centrestage as the Indian Prime Minister.
 
The US was also late to sense the winds of change and was among the last to establish diplomatic relations and build bridges with Modi, much after the UK and EU were already holding dialogues with the then CM.
Modi has put up a show of generosity to indicate that ties between countries are more significant than individual slights, and had accepted Obama’s invitation to visit Washington with alacrity. It is difficult to believe that behind the facade of the bonhomie that they will put up later this month, there won’t be a thorn in Modi’s heart and blushes on the face of the Americans.
The Indian Prime Minister, who has little foreign affairs experience, is most keen to build relations to boost the economy and defence cooperation. Sushma Swaraj, the external affairs minister, has already said that H1B Visa issue would be on top of the agenda when the two leaders meet, particularly in view of the increased difficulties for IT professionals affecting businesses of companies like Infosys, TCS and Wipro.
Modi would also be addressing Indian Americans at the Madison Square Garden in New York, reviving strategic dialogue between the two countries besides being hosted by Obama for dinner and lunch by Vice President Joe Biden where issues like energy security, membership to Nuclear Suppliers Group, setting up of foreign university branches in India and sharing of technology are likely to come up.
The situation in Afghanistan, continuance of terror hotbeds in Pakistan would figure prominently as would the situation is Syria and the rise of ISIS. India could play a significant role in serving as a bridge between the US and Iran, whose assistance may prove vital if the new wave of Sunni Islamic terrorism is to be contained.
Modi is likely to be accompanied by top Indian business magnates much like the delegation to Japan and he himself would hold one on ones with US tycoons representing Boeing, GE, Goldman Sachs and IBM, other than hosting a luncheon with CEOs of companies like Pepsi, MasterCard and Lockheed Martin.
Undoubtedly, the US has now fully comprehended India’s transformation, political mood and impatience to get growth back on track. Equally, Obama understands that Modi is a very popular leader, as of now at least, and his worldwide following can be gauged by the fact that his twitter following has pipped that of the White House and stands behind only Obama’s.
After the recent couple of years of inertia, the Indo-US ties need a push to step up to the next level. There is a lot the two countries can draw from each other, and especially Modi can gain from his reputation. During his visit to India in 2010, Obama had described America’s relationship with India as a “a defining partnership for the 21st century". It is time that the blueprint for this relationship is defined and executed.  
First Published: Tuesday, September 23, 2014 - 13:48
0

Suspect in Pennsylvania police ambush had researched how to evade manhuntsBy Elahe Izadi September 26 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Pennsylvania State Police troopers and U.S. Marshals investigate and clear homes in the search for suspect Eric Frein on Sept. 24 in Canadensis, Pa. (Jake Danna Stevens/The Times-Tribune via AP)
The suspect at the center of a massive manhunt in Pennsylvania had spent years planning an ambush against police that left one state trooper dead and another seriously wounded, police said Friday.
Authorities have examined the hard drive of a computer that Eric Matthew Frein had access to and found an extensive Internet search history on subjects such as “how to avoid police manhunts, use of various law enforcement technologies and skills related to survival,” Pennsylvania State Police Lt. Col George Bivens said Friday,  CNN reported .
The searches come from a computer that Frein is believed to have used; police say that Frein had removed the hard drive from his own computer, the Associated Press reported .
“He planned his attack and his retreat,” Bivens has previously said .
Frein, 31, has been charged with murder and assault in the Sept. 12 shooting near a state police barracks in the northeastern part of the state. Cpl. Bryon Dickson was killed and trooper Alex Douglass was seriously wounded. Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan  has described the incident as an “ambush,”  as the officers were shot without warning.
The manhunt for Frein has stretched into a second week and has shaken local communities; schools have closed and area residents sheltered in place over the weekend. Frein is thought to have taken refuge in the Pocono Mountains, and more than 1,000 personnel  have combed a mountainous area over several square miles.
“I suspect he wants to have a fight with the state police, but I think that involves hiding and running since that seems to be the way he operates,” Bivens said, the Associated Press reported .
Investigators have previously found items such as an assault rifle, magazines and ammunition that Frein had left behind. This week, police came across empty cigarette packs in the rugged terrain  that they believe belonged to Frein . The FBI describes him as a “heavy smoker, a weapons enthusiast and a survivalist.”
Bivens said Friday that several days ago, a police dog had picked up Frein’s scent, but he escaped, with the wooded canopy providing cover that allowed him to get away from helicopters above, the AP reported. On Friday, police searched Buck Hill Inn, an abandoned 113-year-old resort Frein had previously visited.
“I do believe, based on his actions and things that he has said in the past, that he may consider this to be a bit of a game — a war game, if you will,” Bevins said.
On Monday , Gov. Tom Corbett expressed confidence that authorities will catch Frein, but that the manhunt is especially challenging given that the suspect has the goal of targeting police.
Frein has been described by authorities  as  “armed and extremely dangerous” and having expressed the desire to “commit mass acts of murder.”
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Oil companies eye Mexicos sweet shopOil companies eye Mexico’s ‘sweet shop’
By Jude Webber in Cancún, Mexico
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7c713b2-45af-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM promises young home buyers discountSeptember 27, 2014 11:10 am
PM promises young home buyers discount
By Press Association
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c0205fc-4629-11e4-8820-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New Mahindra Scorpio launched at Rs 7.98 lakhPhotos
New Mahindra Scorpio launched at Rs 7.98 lakh
Mahindra has launched a thoroughly updated model of the Scorpio at Rs 7.98 lakh. The new Scorpio gets a redesigned bumper, new grille and newly-designed projector headlamps with LED daytime-running lights. The rear gets minor changes to the bumper, new LED tail-lights and a roof-mounted spoiler. The hydroformed chassis is brand new and is stiffer than before. The new five-speed manual gearbox is claimed to improve shifts. Inside, horizontal AC vents, new instrument cluster, climate control and a new touchscreen infotainment system are new. The steering wheel taken from the XUV 500 comes with controls mounted on it. The 2.2-litre mHAWK and 2.5-litre m2DiCr diesel engines, however, have been carried over from the old Scorpio.
Follow Yahoo India Autos on Facebook
Mahindra Scorpio
Yahoo India | Photo by Yahoo
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 2:30 PM IST

Jayalalithaa first CM to lose post twice in graft casesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

More Than 30 Believed Dead at Japanese VolcanoAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Watch the live stream of Narendra Modis speech at Madison Square GardenSeptember 28, 2014
Updated following conclusion of speech.
Indian prime minister Narendra Modi spoke at New York’s Madison Square Garden at 11am EST (8.30pm IST) on Sunday, September 28.
Here is a video of his speech. (It’s in Hindi, which Modi prefers to speak and has been urging Indian diplomats to start using as well.)
An estimated 20,000 people were expected, making it one of the largest gatherings of Indian-Americans in the United States.
Read some of our other coverage of Modi’s visit:

Narendra Modi pitches for UN reforms before Ban Ki-moonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Air India renews insurance for $26.75 m at 15% premiumAir India renews insurance for $26.75 m at 15% premium
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 28:  
Despite hardening insurance market for airlines globally following some major tragedies this year, national carrier Air India has been able to renew its cover with just 15 per cent rise in premium for its 132— aircraft fleet.
According to sources, the demand was for 25 per cent hike over the existing premium but insurers had to eventually come down to 15 per cent over the soon-to-expire policy.
The sources in the London market, where the reinsurance for the cover is being decided, have confirmed that Air India’s insurance will be renewed in a day or so, and it can keep flying from October 1.
They have also confirmed that to renew the policy, the airline will be paying US $ 26.75 million as premium, which is 15 per cent more than the existing cover which expires on September 30.
Air India, which has a fleet of 132 aircraft — 108 with itself and 24 with its two subsidiaries — 17 with Air India Express and 7 with Alliance Air, refused to comment.
While the insurance cover is provided by a consortium of public sector insurers led by New India Assurance, the reinsurance cover is being renewed by a couple of Lloyd’s syndicate. The deal is likely to be completed either on Monday or Tuesday, the industry sources said.
“Last year, we had provided the cover for US $ 23 million.
However, the rates have hardened up in the aviation insurance market in the wake of four aviation tragedies globally back to back and two minor incidents in the country itself this year.
Besides Air India had its own claims, which was substantial this year.
“Though insurers were demanding a much higher premium of around US $ 30 million, or 25 per cent over last year’s, the airline has been able to bring it down to 15 per cent,” industry sources said.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Microsoft Chief Promises Cooperation in Chinese Antitrust ProbeYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft Chief Satya Nadella Promises Cooperation in Chinese Antitrust Probe
Reuters | Updated On: September 28, 2014 17:01 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Beijing: Microsoft Corp chief executive Satya Nadella promised to cooperate fully with Chinese authorities in their antitrust investigation into his company during a meeting with a top regulator in Beijing, the Chinese government said.
Microsoft has been ensnared in an anti-monopoly investigation launched this summer by China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce (SAIC), which has already seized evidence from multiple Microsoft offices across China and summoned high-level executives for questioning.
Nadella, who took the helm of the world's largest software company in February, met with SAIC chief Zhang Mao on Friday in what was portrayed as a conciliatory encounter by the SAIC, one of three antitrust agencies in China.
Microsoft will turn over information requested by investigators in a timely fashion, while the company is confident the government probe will be fair and transparent, Nadella told Zhang, according to an account published on the SAIC website.
Nadella also said the Chinese government's regulatory practices helped create beneficial conditions for the growth of Chinese and foreign companies, the SAIC said.
Zhang pledged a fair and transparent investigation and said his agency welcomed Microsoft's questions and suggestions about the investigation, according to the SAIC.
Microsoft declined to comment on the government meeting but said in a statement that it is "serious about complying with China's laws and committed to addressing SAIC's questions and concerns."
Nadella, whose planned visit was first reported by Reuters last month, swung through the Chinese capital as part of his first trip to Asia as CEO.
Nadella also spoke to students at Tsinghua University in Beijing, where he said extolled China as a source of human capital and a vibrant innovation culture, according to the official China Daily.
Nadella is the latest foreign tech executive to arrive in Beijing to diffuse tensions with regulatory authorities, whose muscular enforcement of a 2008 anti-monopoly law has unsettled Western companies.
Qualcomm Inc, which is facing a potentially record-breaking fine, sent president Derek Aberle to Beijing in August to meet with the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), the antitrust agency probing the San Diego-based chipmaker.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

AIADMK MLAs unanimously elect O Panneerselvam to succeed Jayalalithaa as Tamil Nadu CMJayalalithaa with O Panneerselvam, who will be sworn-in as the new CM of Tamil Nadu on Monday.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: September 28, 2014 5:40 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 8:47 am
A day after a Bangalore special court convicted J Jayalalithaa in a disproportionate assets case, an AIADMK legislature party meeting on Sunday unanimously elected O Panneerselvam as the new Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. Panneerselvam, who met Governor K Rosaiah in the evening, is set to be sworn in on Monday at 11 am.
The meeting of the AIADMK MLAs was called after Panneerselvam, who holds the finance and public works portfolios, and other senior party ministers met Jayalalithaa at the Bangalore Parappana Agrahara prison in the morning.
READ:  She wanted to study…a film role changed her life
Meanwhile, a senior party leader said they would file a bail petition in the Karnataka High Court on Monday. “We hope that it will be listed for hearing at least on Tuesday by a vacation bench,” he said.
Clad in a white sari inside Cell No 7402 on Sunday, Jayalalithaa was reportedly visited by six top officers of the state government, including DGP (Intelligence) Ashok Kumar and Special Advisor and former Chief Secretary Sheela Balakrishnan. Sources said senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani may be roped in to fight her case in higher courts.
According to party insiders, Panneerselvam was unanimously elected as the Chief Minister. “He is firm and serious with us, and very loyal to Amma. He deserves it,” said a senior MLA. Many senior leaders pointed out that he had been loyal to Jayalalithaa since the early ‘90s.
In September 2001 too, Panneerselvam was made Chief Minister for a brief period as Jayalalithaa had to step down after the Supreme Court pronounced her guilty of criminal offence.
In political circles, Panneerselvam is known as the reluctant Chief Minister. During his earlier stint in 2001, he chose not to sit in Jayalalithaa’s chair at the Chief Minister’s Office and did not clear crucial files. “He chose a vistor’s chair at Fort St. George (where the state secretariat is housed) when he was appointed as the CM in September 2001 as a stopgap arrangement,” said a former AIADMK minister.
Like in 2001, Panneerselvam’s oath-taking ceremony is likely to be a low-profile event. The legislature party meeting on Sunday already set the tone, as it selected the new Chief Minister without any fanfare. Top leaders and supporters were careful not to indulge in any happy gestures or even the distribution of sweets and garlands. An AIADMK leader said many were nearly in tears when Panneerselvam’s name was announced.
Hailing from Periyakulam near Theni in south Tamil Nadu, Panneerselvam, 63, owned a tea shop and dairy farm before entering active politics in 1996. “He was the first CM from Thevar community. He is a party card holding member since 1972,” said a senior MLA close to him. “After MGR’s death, we were all in the Janaki camp — the faction led by MGR’s wife. Later we joined Jayalalithaa,” he said.

Four NDFB(S) militants killed in encounterPress Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 28, 2014 5:35 pm
Four hardcore NDFB(S) militants were killed in an encounter by security forces in Assam’s Kokrajhar district on Sunday.
Huge amount of arms and ammunition were also recovered.
Acting on a tip-off, troops of Red Horn Division and the police launched a joint operation in a dense forest near Kokrajhar and killed the four militants during an encounter this morning, a defence spokesman said.
The forces recovered an AK-56, three pistols and hand grenades from the slain terrorists.
The slain militants include a self-styled second in command of the outfit, Muhar Basumatary.
Assam Police Inspector General (BTAD) L R Bishnoi said the other ultras were identified as Domsatorong, Loharun and Maisaran.
Security forces stepped up patrolling in the remote areas of Kokrajhar and Chirang districts in the wake of ‘NDFB(S) Raising Day’ of National Democratic Front of Bodoland on October 3 next.
According to Army Intelligence, NDFB(S) was trying to carry out a major strike on forces and also target minority communities in retaliation to the apprehension of their five hardcore terrorists in Chirang district on August 20.
Security forces had apprehended five terrorists of a newly-formed Nepalese terrorist organisation, United Gorkha Peoples Organization, in Parbatjhora area of Kokrajhar district on September 13.
The Army spokesman claimed the NDFB(S) had outsourced the outfit to carry out operations in Kokrajhar district because of proactive operations and pressure exerted by the security forces.
The forces recovered an AK-56, three pistols and hand grenades from the slain terrorists.

Day 2 in prison: Jayalalithaa begins day with morning walk; not allowed to meet visitorsJayalalithaa has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison which is next to the women's barrack. (Source: File photo PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 28, 2014 6:13 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 6:46 pm
Spending her second day in prison,  J Jayalalithaa, convicted and sent to prison for four years by a special court here in a disproportionate assets case, began her day early on Sunday with a morning walk.
Jayalalithaa, who is now prisoner number 7402 at the Parappana Agrahara central prison here, began her day around 5:30 am, and took a stroll within the premises of the jail, prison sources said.
The 66-year-old three-time chief minister read three Tamil and two English newspapers and after that she had her breakfast brought from outside the jail, they said.
Jayalalithaa has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison which is next to the women’s barrack.
Sources said Ministers and leaders of the party including former Chief Minister and the newly elected leader of the legislature O Panneerselvam were not allowed to meet Jayalalithaa as no visitors are allowed inside the prison on Sundays.
According to sources, Jayalalithaa was served dinner the jail authorities on Saturday night but she is said to have refused it and took fruits instead.
Other convicts Sasikala Natarajan, Illavarasi and Sudhakaran have been given prisoner numbers 7403, 7404 and 7405 respectively.
Sudhakaran has been allocated a VIP cell next to former Karnataka Tourism Minister and Mining baron G Janardhana Reddy.
Meanwhile, a group of Jayalalithaa supporters and party workers marched towards the jail seeking an opportunity to meet their leader but they were stopped by police officials on their way.
On being asked about Karnataka being blamed for Jayalalithaa’s conviction by some quarters, state Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said, “Karnataka has nothing to do with it (judgement). The case proceedings against Jayalalithaa took place in Karnataka following the judgment from the Supreme Court.”
“Adequate security arrangements and police bandobast have been made to see that no untoward incident takes place. We will see to it that there is no incident of violence,” he added.

3 lessons investors can learn from Derek Jeter3 lessons investors can learn from Derek Jeter
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 28, 2014: 8:23 AM ET
 
Derek Jeter: Decade of best ads
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It's not just little leaguers who can learn a thing or two from Derek Jeter.
As the curtain goes down on the illustrious 20-year career of the New York Yankees shortstop, here are three lessons investors should remember as they navigate the turbulent stock market.
1. Don't swing for the fences: Chicks dig the long ball, but Jeter's career shows there's more to baseball -- and investing -- than just hitting home runs.
The Yankee great is a sure bet to make the Hall of Fame despite the fact that he averaged just 13 home runs a year. In fact, Jeter had just one grand slam in his career.
But Jeter made a pretty solid living by hitting singles and doubles on a very consistent basis.
While it's tough to be as consistent as Jeter, investors should try to mirror his career by avoiding the temptation of trying to find a grand slam stock.
Related: Hot ticket sales for Jeter's last NY game
Speculative stock picking can turn into a big win every now and then, but it can also really backfire.
For example, in late 2011 some courageous investors bought shares of RadioShack ( RSH ) as it tumbled below $10, a rare event in its history.
Unfortunately for those investors, RadioShack kept crumbling. Today it's barely trading above $1, as the company fights off persistent bankruptcy talk.
Investors who played it safe by betting on the retail industry more broadly fared far better. The S&P Retail ETF ( XRT ) -- which has never had to deal with a bankruptcy rumor -- has surged 63% since late 2011. Not bad for playing it safe.
 
Related: Zero Hedge - Wall Street's daily dose of doom
2. Don't panic in the fall: Late September and October can be a stressful time for baseball players and investors alike.
MLB players are dealing with the bright lights of the playoffs, where a single pitch can make or break 162 regular season games. Investors too are grappling with a historically turbulent period that has in the past featured the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the Black Monday crash of 1987.
Jeter thrived under the pressure of the fall, winning five World Series championships and the nickname of "Mr. November" for his stellar performance in the 9/11-extended 2001 postseason.
He succeeded in part by not panicking. That's something investors should remember during times of turbulence -- in the fall or otherwise.
Staying calm would be wise during the current market turbulence, which caused the Dow to plummet 264 points on Thursday amid a selloff led by the tech sector.
More turbulence could be ahead this week as investors get their hands on a wave of economic data, highlighted by key manufacturing numbers and the September jobs report.
Stocks could be headed for a pullback or even their first correction since October 2011 , but the S&P 500 is barely 2% away from all-time highs. That's hardly a panic-worthy drop.
Related: There's a 'death cross' in the stock market. Should you worry?
3. Strike a balance: One of the things that made Jeter a great hitter is the fact that defenses and pitchers couldn't rely on one tactic to consistently get him out.
If they pitched him inside, he was strong enough to pull the ball down the line. If they tried to get him out away, he'd drive the ball to the opposite field. That's a much more balanced approach than many sluggers who have predictable swings, no matter how strong.
Investors should try to take a similarly balanced and diversified strategy.
Just because technology stocks like GoPro ( GPRO ), Tesla ( TSLA ) and Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) might get all the hype, doesn't mean they should make up your entire portfolio.
Likewise, investors need to balance out their U.S. stock market holdings with shares of funds that track overseas markets. They also need to have exposure to less the sexy, but more consistent performing, corporate and government bonds.
First Published: September 28, 2014: 8:23 AM ET
Most Popular

India’s FY15 GDP seen at 5.5%Save this video
Copy URL
DK Joshi, Director and Chief economist, Crisil said that GDP pick up will be mild and gradual and he sees India’s FY15 GDP at 5.5%. He also said that India is better placed in case US Federal Reserve hikes rates, as it is less vulnerable to external shocks.
36

What ‘The Wire’ and ‘The Good Wife’ have in commonBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 26 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Matt Czuchry as Cary Agos, Christine Baranski as Diane Lockhart and Archie Panjabi as Kalinda Sharma in “The Good Wife.” (Jeff Neumann)
The return of “The Good Wife” to television is always one of the most welcome moments of the fall, and this year was no exception. The series, which stars Julianna Margulies as lawyer and Illinois first lady Alicia Florrick, kicked off its its sixth season with a corker of a plot development: Alicia’s business partner, Cary Agos (Matt Czuchry), was arrested for transporting a quantity and kind of drug so serious that his status as a seriously pale white boy could not save him.
The source of the charge appears to be long-time Florrick client Lemond Bishop (Mike Colter), a drug dealer with legitimate businesses. The prospect of Bishop playing a more significant role in this season of “The Good Wife” is a delight, not least because Colter’s performance is a wonderful amalgam of menace and emotional vulnerability. Rather, it means that “The Good Wife,” which shares many interests with the acclaimed HBO drama “The Wire” including the role of technology in law enforcement and the dark magic of political optics, is picking up where “The Wire” left off on questions of masculinity and respectability.
Watching Lemond Bishop move through the first five seasons of “The Good Wife” like a reclusive shark has been fascinating not least because the character is a continuation of the truncated story of Stringer Bell, the magnetic, sophisticated drug dealer from “The Wire,” whose ascent towards legitimacy took a fatal detour in the show’s third season.
Stringer quickly became a breakout character on the first season of “The Wire” not just because of Idris Elba’s magnetic performance, but because the character himself was surprising. Detective Jimmy McNulty (Dominic West) trailed Bell and found him taking economics classes at a community college. On another occasion, McNulty spotted Bell at a Baltimore farmer’s market. Stringer was sophisticated, decidedly un-street by comparison to his best friend, Avon Barksdale (Wood Harris), whose dreams extended only as far as conquering Baltimore’s drug game.
But the gap between Stringer’s grasp and his gaze are what set him up for tragedy. His ambitions to become a serious real estate developer alienate him from Avon, who is not particularly interested in making the transition to legitimate business. And they expose him to terrible embarrassment when Stringer thinks he has cut a deal with a corrupt local politician, only to realize the man views him as an ignorant mark to be tapped for cash.
When Stringer is murdered in the third season of “The Wire,” McNulty is forced to reckon with the full gap between his initial assumption that Stringer was just a smarter-than-average criminal and the apartment Stringer leaves behind, full of books and a feudal-style Japanese sword (itself a stab at sophistication by someone who is still sorting out what is cultured and what is gauche).
On “The Good Wife,” Lemond Bishop is what Stringer Bell might have become had he lived, and had he overcome his own rage and humiliation at his initial experiences with politics. He operates legal businesses, though he has not gotten out of the drug game entirely, a division that lets Bishop simultaneously penetrate respectable Chicago society and keep troublesome employees who might not fit in at law firm parties close, rather than cutting them loose entirely.
Bishop also has a family, or at least a much-beloved son, who he tries to protect from seeing Bishop treated like a criminal. That attempt to separate his criminal and family life only extends so far: Bishop’s wife died in mysterious circumstances when she seemed to be pushing for a messy, public divorce that would have exposed how Bishop makes his money.
Family was something Stringer never quite achieved. Rather than conducting his own relationships, he attached himself like a parasite to other people’s families. When D’Angelo Barksdale (Larry Gilliard Jr.) goes to jail, Stringer takes up with the younger man’s girlfriend, Donette (Shamyl Brown). And when Avon Barksdale comes home from prison, Stringer sets him up in a gorgeous new apartment. It is the sort of gesture a man makes to a wife or mistress, rather than a friend.
And Bishop has also mastered the sort of charm that Stringer never had a chance to develop. He is smooth enough to sidle up to the governor of Illinois and suggest the two men find a way to work together. If the money Bishop has his associates tote around in shopping bags is the reason he gets invited to snazzy parties at all, Bishop is cool enough not to be insulted by it. Stringer, by contrast, blows his cool when he finds out that he has to pay more bribes to get permits. Where Stringer gets derailed by the prospect of the price of a ticket to play in politics, Bishop keeps his focus on what he is buying admission to.
If Stringer Bell’s story was about how it feels for an individual to try and fail to achieve respectability, it looks like “The Good Wife” is finally ready to reckon with the other side of that dynamic: what it means for so-called respectable people to relax their standards of decency in the face of money.
Lemond Bishop has always posed a threat to Alicia Florrick, her colleagues and her husband. He might not be alone in that – Alicia and her husband have stepped over ethical lines in order to woo a tech titan, too. But Bishop’s involvement in this story moves the consequences from the rather polite realms of political corruption and private qualms to the rougher regions of jail and violence. Alicia and her colleagues thought they could dabble in Bishop’s game without being infected by the more distasteful parts of his business. This season may test just how wrong they were.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Why investors should care about investor Bill Gross’s departureBy Jonnelle Marte September 26 Follow @jonnelle
Bill Gross, the co-founder of Pacific Investment Management Co., announced Friday that he was stepping down to join rival Janus. This comes after numerous clashes with board members and reports that the firm will be investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for the allegedly inflating bond prices. (Reuters)
Bill Gross, founder of Pacific Investment Management Co. and the manager of the largest bond mutual fund in the world, is stepping down.
Starting next week, Gross, who managed the $222 billion Pimco Total Return Bond fund, will run a new unconstrained bond fund at Janus Capital Group, which announced the move Friday. “After having spent considerable time serving in senior management, it is a time for me to reduce executive and people management responsibilities at a larger firm and focus on the pure aspects of portfolio management at a smaller one,” Gross said in a statement announcing the change.
The reasons for Gross’s departure are still unclear. Gross, who founded Pimco in 1971 and oversaw the firm as it grew to have more than $2 trillion in assets, has seen his reputation bruised in the past several months following the high profile departure of his second-in-command and former chief executive Mohamed El-Erian. Investors have also been fleeing his flagship bond fund after performance wavered, pulling $68.8 billion from the fund during 16 straight months of outflows that began last May, according to fund research firm Morningstar.
Earlier this week, the Wall Street Journal reported that the firm was being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for potentially inflating bond prices in the $3.6 billion Pimco Total Return ETF. And on Friday, reports emerged that other top leaders at Pimco were getting ready to fire Gross.
While the news was not a complete surprise for investors who had been watching the firm, the suddenness of the move– Gross is starting his new job on Monday– may still have implications for regular investors.
There’s a good chance you have exposure to Pimco. With more than $100 billion in defined contribution retirement plans, the Pimco Total Return Bond fund is the largest fund in the 401(k) marketplace, says Ryan Alfred, president  and chief operating officer of BrightScope, a company that tracks retirement plans. More than half of the 55,000 retirement plans offered the bond fund as of 2012, which is on the high end for a mutual fund, Alfred said. That means there’s a good chance investors could see some short-term volatility in their retirement accounts in the wake of the news.
But the key phrase there is short-term. While the departure of Gross and his No. 2 in the same year doesn’t bode well for the stability of the firm,  analysts say the leadership changes shouldn’t lead to an overnight change in the management and performance of Pimco’s funds. Gross was the top manager of the Pimco Total Return Bond fund, but he worked with a large team of analysts and managers who are likely staying on board after he leaves, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research for Morningstar. “This is obviously a sign that there are some serious issues at Pimco,” Kinnel says, “It’s not the end of the world.” Even if the new manager assigned to the fund takes a very different approach, it will likely be implemented gradually, Kinnel says.
His departure is enough to move markets– at least temporarily. Gross’s outlook on the bond market and the economy, expressed in colorful newsletters to investors, was often enough to move the bond market. The day he announced his move was not any different. Yields on 10-year Treasury notes  jumped temporarily to  2.55 percent from 2.50 percent immediately after his statement, sending bond prices down. (That may not seem like a lot, but it’s a big move in the bond market.) Some investors also sold off their Pimco stock funds, causing prices to slump. Market performance is likely to stabilize as investors adjust to the new leadership at Pimco and refocus their attention on other factors like the strength of the economy, Kinnel says.
It will be important to watch what happens next at Pimco, he adds. If a slew of other staff members  leave the firm, that could rock the performance of Pimco’s funds. But if management stabilizes, investors may stay put. Still, Morningstar said shortly after the announcement that it had placed all of Pimco’s funds “under review,” a designation that means it would re-evaluate the funds’ ratings. The research firm downgraded the bond company to a C following the departure earlier this year of El-Erian. While it is too soon for investors to know for sure if they should dump  their Pimco funds, it might be a good time to reassess their bond porfolios, Kinnel says. “But you have time to do it,” he says. “You don’t need to get out this second.”
Read more:

Number of sidewalk cafés downtown nearly doubles in six yearsBy Jonathan O'Connell September 26 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Sidewalk cafés are considered something of an indicator species for a healthy urban neighborhood . A bustling seating area on the sidewalk creates economic activity, provides a lively atmosphere that encourages walking and, in the best case scenarios, generates interactions between creative types that might lead to new collaborations or even businesses.
It’s why stakeholders in Crystal City are so excited about getting a new bar  that will utilize outdoor space.
By those standards, downtown D.C. is in fantastic shape. The Downtown Business Improvement District, an association of commercial property owners, released data showing that the number of sidewalk cafés have nearly doubled since 2009.
There are more sidewalk cafés of every size in downtown D.C. (Courtesy Downtown BID)
The highest concentrations are along K Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, which have a combined 70 cafés. Last year alone, the downtown area added 13 new outdoor establishments. Here’s a map of all 178 that are operating today, courtesy of the BID.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Marvel  Jack Kirby’s heirs ‘amicably’ settle legal battle over superhero-character rightsIN 2012, amid the bountiful box office of “The Avengers,” Comic Riffs proposed that the Disney/Marvel mega-force — that Galactus of Hollywood box office — offer a million-dollar thank-you to the man who co-created so many of those characters: Jack Kirby.
“Kirby: King of Comics” (Abrams)
That shoot-for-the-moon “Immodest Proposal” was met with skepticism — Marvel, came many a reader reply, would never budge in sharing the wealth.
Today, such a gesture seems not quite as preposterous.
That’s because Marvel and the heirs of Mr. Kirby have just reached a legal resolution, averting a potential Supreme Court showdown.
The opposing litigants say in a joint statement released today:
“Marvel and the family of Jack Kirby have amicably resolved their legal disputes, and are looking forward to advancing their shared goal of honoring Mr. Kirby’s significant role in Marvel’s history.”
The resolution settles a long-running battle over the copyrights to characters from such Marvel titles as X-Men and the Fantastic Four — a fight that has sometimes pitted interpretations of the 1976 Copyright Act against the definition of “work for hire.” Marvel had won most lower-court rulings, but Kirby’s family members, represented by attorney Marc Toberoff, had made a concerted push this year to have the Supreme Court hear their appeal.
“The trustees of the Jack Kirby Museum and Research Center are delighted with the out-of-court settlement arrived at today between the Kirby Family and Marvel/Disney,” representatives of the museum tell Comic Riffs. “As an entity dedicated to promoting the study, understanding, preservation and appreciation of the work of Jack Kirby, we view this as a day of vindication for Jack as an artist and writer of extraordinary talent who literally shaped an industry through the force of his imagination.”
Disney became involved in the litigation after it bought Marvel in 2009 for $4-billion. Seven films featuring Marvel characters have each grossed more than a half-billion dollars worldwide.
In 2012, when acclaimed cartoonist Roger Langridge (“Thor: the Mighty Avenger”)  quit Marvel over its treatment of creators like Kirby, he told Comic Riffs: “There is an enormous amount of affection for those companies’ characters out there. It would take very little to get people to believe that they’re trying to do the right thing.”
The eminently influential Kirby, considered one of the cornerstone creators in the history of comics, died in 1994, at age 76.
“Although Jack cannot be here to witness this historic moment,” the Kirby museum tells Comic Riffs, “we know that, somewhere out there in the cosmos, he is smiling a humble smile of satisfaction at this long-awaited outcome.”
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Stop What You re Doing  Bill O Reilly Is Defending Obamareddit
Bill O'Reilly shook things up Thursday morning and defended President Obama to a crew of his Fox News colleagues for what is now being called the infamous "Latte Salute" (#LatteSalute).
Obama was hit with criticism Wednesday when he was seen stepping off Marine One and saluting military officers with a coffee cup in his hand.
The "Fox & Friends" co-hosts were naturally very troubled by this. To their surprise though, Bill O'Reilly didn't seem to lose any sleep over it.
"Once in a while, you gotta cut him a little slack," O'Reilly said. "He didn't mean anything malevolent."
The "Fox & Friends" co-hosts weren't having that response,  however, and pushed O'Reilly for a more typical O'Reilly response:
"Don't you think it's odd that he's going to the global warming summit with a styrofoam cup?" Steve Doocy asked.
"But you understand why it's bothering??" Hasselbeck followed up.
O'Reilly's response: "Don't sweat the small stuff."
Wait, did we hear that correctly?
Watch the video to see the full clip on Fox News.
More:

Ebola Is Not Just West Africa’s Crisisreddit
Our hearts go out to the people, governments and courageous healthcare workers in the three countries most devastated by the current Ebola outbreak: Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. But our sympathies are not enough. The UN Secretary General has estimated it will cost USD $1 billion to combat the disease and the havoc it is wreaking across West Africa.
Let us be clear. This is not just a health crisis. The tragic death toll is compounded by the failure of weak state institutions that have buckled under the pressure, and have strained government service delivery. The economic impact is destabilising, ruining businesses, putting people out of work, and preventing families from putting food on tables. The combined humanitarian, social and economic stresses threaten peace and stability, and are unravelling many hard fought development gains of recent years.
This is an emergency of enormous scale, and we all have a moral obligation to stand shoulder to shoulder to ensure its swift conclusion. Especially, as we see time and again, it is the poorest and most vulnerable that are most at risk.
Timor-Leste has made a contribution of USD $1 million dollars in response to the UN Secretary General's appeal for the international community to help. We have done so as an act of Fragile-to-Fragile and South-South cooperation. Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea are fellow members of the g7+, a group of 20 fragile and conflict affected countries. We came together to support one another, and to advocate for reforms to the way the international community engages with us.
Our global response to this, the largest Ebola outbreak in history, must be twofold.
Firstly, we need the resources - money, people, equipment and expertise - to urgently curb the current outbreak, and treat those affected. Together, we must make every effort to help the people and governments swiftly get back on their feet. This includes immediately lifting all international travel bans, and restoring essential air and sea transport services.
Then let us stand together to support the necessary long-term development efforts that will help build resilience to future outbreaks of disease or other shocks. For this emergency serves as a stark reminder that all development shocks are amplified by existing vulnerabilities and development challenges.
Central to overcoming this will be a long-term commitment to support and build the capacity of the state to respond to the needs of its people. Capable and effective institutions are essential to ensure resilience in the face of development shocks, whether they manifest in the form of a health crisis, a financial crisis, the impacts of climate change, natural disasters, terrorism or the outbreak of conflict.
This is why Timor-Leste has advocated for the Post-2015 development agenda to include new sustainable development goals on promoting peaceful and inclusive societies and building effective and accountable institutions underpinned by the rule of law.
The nexus between peace and development is not new. It has been recognised in a number of international agreements, including the Millennium Declaration that gave rise to the Millennium Development Goals - the MDGs. What has been missing until now has been a means of implementing this principle through the international development framework. As we work towards replacing the MDGs next year, let us not miss this opportunity. For we know without peace there can be no sustainable development, and without development there can be no sustained peace.
In an increasingly complex and interconnected world, none of us can face our development challenges in isolation. The current Ebola crisis is not West Africa's problem alone. It is in all of our interests to take immediate action now, and to sustain our support into the future.
I call on all world leaders to contribute to the immediate task of helping our brothers and sisters in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Then let us shake off our collective complacency with the imbalances that shape our existing international development trajectory. Let us prevent future tragedies like this from occurring by equipping our governments and people with the necessary development means to promote healthy, safe, peaceful and prosperous populations.
This article is cross-posted on TheCommunity.com .
More:

Nifty hovers around 8 000 levels    Nifty hovers around 8,000 levels
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 24, 2014 12:48 IST
Some buying activity is seen in FMCG, IT and metal sectors, while auto, banking, capital goods and realty sectors are showing weakness
 
 
At 12:39PM: The S&P BSE Sensex is trading at 26,727, down 49 points, while NSE Nifty is trading at 8,006, down 11 points.
 
The BSE Mid-cap index is trading down 1.22% at 9,578, while BSE Small-cap is down 1.38% at 10,817.
 
Some buying activity is seen in FMCG, IT and metal sectors, while auto, banking, capital goods and realty sectors are showing weakness on BSE.
Coal India, HUL, Wipro, ITC, Infosys, Sun Pharma and HDFC Bank are among the gainers, whereas BHEL, L&T, Tata Power, Hero MotoCorp, TCS, Cipla and HDFC are losing sheen on BSE.
 
The Supreme Court is expected to give its verdict later in the afternoon on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made, says a report.
 
Power and select metal stocks like JSPL and Hindalco will be under pressure as the Supreme Court will pronounce its verdict on illegal coal block allocation.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Monday, 24 November 2014 06:54 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

PM witnesses historic successful insertion of MOM into Martian orbit    PM witnesses historic successful insertion of MOM into Martian orbit
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 24, 2014 10:43 IST
The Prime Minister said that Indian scientists, through their hard work and dedication, have stretched the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination.
 
 
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi being briefed before successful Insertion of Mars Orbiter (Mangalyan) into the Mars orbit, at ISRO Headquarters, in Bengaluru on September 24, 2014
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated the space scientists for successfully inserting the Mars Orbiter Mission into Martian orbit. The Prime Minister was addressing scientists after witnessing the insertion procedure at ISRO in Bangalore. The Prime Minister said history has been created by the Indian scientists reaching Mars in the first attempt. He said India is the first to have succeeded in the very first attempt.
The Prime Minister said that Indian scientists, through their hard work and dedication, have stretched the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination. He described the Mars Orbiter Mission as an indigenous pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubaneswar, and Faridabad to Rajkot.
Praising the scientists, Narendra Modi said, the hunger of exploration and the thrill of discovery are not for the faint hearted. He remarked that he had chosen to be present at ISRO today, unmindful of success or failure of the mission. He exhorted scientists to set even more challenging targets for themselves, and said he had confidence that they would be able to achieve even those targets. You have "made a habit of achieving the impossible," the Prime Minister said. He said Modern India must continue playing its role of Jagadguru Bharat.
Narendra Modi said the success of the space programme is a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation. A successful space programme generates applications across multiple domains, he added. He said the efforts of India's space scientists are deepening our governance, strengthening our economy and improving our lives. Noting that the whole nation celebrates when the cricket team wins a tournament, the Prime Minister described the success of the Mars Orbiter Mission as a thousand times greater, and said all Indians must celebrate the success of our space scientists today. Let India celebrate the achievements of its scientists. Let students in every school and college applaud their efforts, he added.
The Governor of Karnataka, Vajubhai Vala, the Chief Minister of Karnataka Siddaramaiah, and Union Ministers Ananth Kumar and Sadanand Gowda were present on the occasion.

India reaches Red Planet  but at home red tape binds space firmsIndia reaches Red Planet, but at home red tape binds space firms
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Sept 26:  
As India celebrated becoming the first Asian nation to reach Mars, S.M. Vaidya, head of business at conglomerate Godrej's aerospace division that made the spacecraft's engine and thruster components, sounded surprisingly downbeat.
The mission was, indeed, a major achievement, he said, and one of which the state-run Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) should be proud.
But a single trip to Mars was not enough to sustain a promising yet relatively small industry, he added, and ISRO should be doing more to foster it.
"Unless they fly more, they will not buy more from us," Vaidya told Reuters, shortly after news broke on Wednesday that Mangalyaan, Hindi for "Mars craft", had entered into orbit around the Red Planet about 10 months after launching.
"How many Mars missions are you going to have?"
India's successful mission, completed on a shoestring budget of $74 million, has boosted its prestige in the global space race and, back on Earth, raised the profile of Indian companies involved in the project.
But Godrej and some other firms are frustrated at what they say is the slow execution of projects and lack of government support, which are hampering India's efforts to compete with China and Russia as a cheaper option for launching satellites.
ISRO did not reply to questions for this article.
The Mangalyaan was built in 15 months with two-thirds of its parts manufactured by domestic firms such as Godrej & Boyce and India's largest engineering company, Larsen & Toubro.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said he wants to expand India's 50-year-old space programme. The government has increased funding for space research by 50 per cent to almost $1 billion this financial year.
But the programme is still small, and the small number of launches limits the growth potential of private companies that supply them.
Between 2007 and 2012, ISRO accomplished about half of its planned 60 missions, government data showed. The government cited "development complexity" as the reason for the delay in some missions.
Between 2012 and 2017 the target is 58 missions. The agency has completed 17 missions so far, and ISRO did not say why the number remained low.
Some company executives and experts do not see that changing any time soon, with the absence of heavy rocket launchers, too few launch facilities and bureaucratic delays hampering growth.
MARS MEANS MORE FOR SOME
Larsen & Toubro, which manufactured motor casings and the antenna for India's Mars probe, is more positive about working with the ISRO, saying it has opened doors to other commercial opportunities.
Space projects have helped enhance its expertise in other sectors such as defence and aerospace, including missile technology and welding, said M. V. Kotwal, president of L&T's heavy engineering division.
"Volumes of business (from ISRO) have been relatively small, of the order of $40 million over the last five years, but the technological fallout in terms of high-precision manufacture has been considerable," Kotwal told Reuters.
L&T has been working with ISRO for over four decades and between 1-5 per cent of its heavy engineering division's revenues come from ISRO.
Godrej wanted to explore opportunities with U.S. and European space programmes after its success in India, but Vaidya said government-to-government clearances posed a hurdle.
"We don't want to be only dependent on ISRO," he said.
Now Godrej plans to shift focus from space technology to the aviation export industry, catering to the likes of Boeing Co and Airbus and trimming ISRO's contribution to their aerospace business to 40 per cent from 70 per cent currently.
HANDFUL OF LAUNCHES
India's space programme began in the early 1960s and the country has launched 30 Indian and 40 foreign satellites.
The programme developed mainly after Western powers imposed sanctions following India's first nuclear weapons test in 1974.
Still, it remains a small player in a global space industry estimated to be worth more than $300 billion a year.
India performs only a handful of launches annually, compared with 20 or more carried out by the United States, Russia and China, according to the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (IDSA), a defence ministry think-tank.
ISRO has struggled to develop heavier launchers to put larger payloads into space, which could attract more business from foreign nations and help it compete.
Progress slowed in the 1990s when, under U.S. pressure, Russia refused to transfer cryogenic engine technology to India that could have helped develop a heavier capacity Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV).
After spending over a decade developing the complex engine, India successfully launched its first GSLV powered with an indigenous cryogenic engine earlier this year.
"They have to make that (GSLV) reliable ... we need three or four launches to claim it is efficient," said Mayank Vahia, a scientist at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
Vahia recommended that ISRO allowed private companies more freedom to develop space technologies, saying the organisation was excessively conservative.
"ISRO needs to put more faith in the industry to deliver the kind of technology they want," he said.
ISRO said last year it planned to bring in the private sector to produce Polar Satellite Launch Vehicles (PSLVs) within five years, allowing it to focus on research.
Ajay Lele of the IDSA said the privatisation of programmes with a proven track record, such as the PSLV, should have started sooner.
Space startups also complained about the lack of state support.
Susmita Mohanty, head of Earth2Orbit (E2O), said India lacked the kind of support given in the United States, such as NASA's Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) programme which offers funds for research and development of technologies that fulfil its needs.
"With the new pro-business government in Delhi, we are hopeful that we can put the spotlight on 'space commerce', not just 'space diplomacy'," she told Reuters via email.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Watch out: Vigorous exercise affects your oral healthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple  a storehouse of vitamins and mineralsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Francis Fukuyama’s ‘Political Order and Political Decay’September 26, 2014 12:51 pm
Francis Fukuyama’s ‘Political Order and Political Decay’
By David Runciman
The triumph of liberal freedoms looks far from assured in this grand survey of political change since the Industrial Revolution – and the US is no exception
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67b8f490-4269-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The author tells Robert Shrimsley why he misses his “pre-internet brain”Share via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Douglas Coupland – our brains rewired
Sep 26, 2014 : Canadian author and FT columnist Douglas Coupland talks to FT.com managing editor Robert Shrimsley about his new book ‘Kitten Clone: Inside Alcatel-Lucent’ and how the internet is rewiring our brains.
Links:  Douglas Coupland's FT columns  /  Credits: Studio filmed by Rod Fitzgerald and Petros Gioumpasis. Produced by Josh de la Mare. Stills courtesy of Byron Dauncey, Olivia Arthur/Magnum and Reuters.

Jayalalithaa gets 4 year jail term in disproportionate assets case    Jayalalithaa gets 4 year jail term in disproportionate assets case
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 27, 2014 18:22 IST
The case, famously known as Disproportionate Assets Case was filed against Ms Jayalalithaa, and her three close aides including Sasikala Natarajan by Subramanian Swamy
 
 
In a major political development, Tamil Nadu's Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa has been found guilty in a 18 year old case by a Bengaluru Court and has been awarded 4 years jail term.
The case, famously known as Disproportionate Assets Case was filed against Ms Jayalalithaa, and her three close aides including Sasikala Natarajan by Subramanian Swamy, presently in BJP, on 14th June 1996. Jayalalithaa has been convicted under section 120, 109. And 13 (1) E the prevention of Corruption Act which disqualifies her as an MLA immediately, will have to step down as Chief Minister. Rs. 25 crore has also been slapped as a penalty on each of the convicted parties.
The case was pursued by AIADMK's arch rivals DMK while they were in power as Karunanidhi had taken permission from Dr. Swamy to refile the petition to which he had agreed to.
From then to now on, Jayalalithaa had been relieved of several corruption cases barring this 'Albatross around her neck'. After the judgement was pronounced, Amma's supporters resorted to violence as they started pelting stones on the houses of Dr. Swamy as well as Karunanidhi. Many state buses traveling from Bengaluru to Chennai have been cancelled and several offices have declared holidays anticipating violence in the state.
The criminal complaint filed by Dr. Swamy alleged that Ms. Jayalalithaa had used her office during her first term as TN's cheif minister, and with the complicity of her aides, amassed assets which included 2,000 acres of land, 30 kg of gold and 12,000 saris.
Today's verdict is bound to deal a heavy blow to AIADMK's prospects in the state elections, scheduled 2 years from now. In the recent Lok Sabha elections, the party received an overwhelming mandate by winning 37 out of 39 seats. 

Michael Brown’s family skeptical that local prosecutor will dole out justiceBy Wesley Lowery September 27 Follow @WesleyLowery
Michael Brown Sr. and Lesley McSpadden are the parents of Michael Brown. (Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post)
The parents of slain 18-year-old Michael Brown said Saturday that, almost two months after his shooting, they remain deeply skeptical that they will receive justice for their son through the local prosecutor, and they have more faith in the federal probe into the circumstances surrounding his death.
Members of Brown’s family said they have still had almost no interaction with the Ferguson Police Department or St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch.
Two days after Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson released a video apologizing to the family for the fact that Brown’s body lay in the street for several hours after he was shot on Aug. 9, Brown’s parents said they have not watched it.
“I haven’t seen the apology,” said Michael Brown Sr., during a broad and at-times emotional interview with several members of the family and their attorneys at The Washington Post on Saturday.
“For me, I’ve seen … another interview that he’s done,” said Lesley McSpadden, Brown’s mother, when asked about Jackson’s apology. “And it just comes off very incompetent.”
The parents of Michael Brown, the black teenager fatally shot by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., visited Washington to ask the federal government to take over the criminal investigation of his death. (Casey Capachi/The Washington Post)
In the two months since Brown was shot and killed by Officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson, Mo., his parents have been vocal in their demands for more information about the shooting – during which their son, who was unarmed, was shot multiple times by the white officer – as well as for McCulloch, who is distrusted by many in Ferguson’s black community, to step aside.
McCulloch has repeatedly insisted that he will not step aside , and has proceeded with grand jury proceedings – undertaking an unorthodox method in which his office’s prosecutors are not recommending any specific charges and rather are presenting all facts to the grand jury members and allowing them to independently determine what if any charges to pursue against Wilson.
“They’re not trying to prosecute, they don’t want to indict him.” said Benjamin Crump, the family’s lead attorney. “They are doing everything they can not to indict him.”
But while they said they are still deeply skeptical of the likelihood that Wilson will be indicted by the grand jury, the Brown family and their attorneys remain encouraged by the Justice Department conducting multiple probes related to the case – one into the shooting and a second into the Ferguson Police Department more broadly.
“The family has been fighting for justice, they weren’t fighting for an apology,” Crump said. But he and partner Daryl Parks said that the family may receive justice for their son through the federal probe currently being conducted into the shooting. He later added, “The attorney general meeting with the parents … was encouraging.”
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. traveled to Ferguson and met with Brown’s mother and assured the family that the Justice Department would conduct a fair and extensive probe. Since that August meeting, Holder has referenced the shooting and the ongoing clashes between police officers and protesters in Ferguson during multiple speeches and public appearances.
On Thursday, Holder announced that he is resigning as attorney general, which worried some supporters of the Brown family that the Justice probe might lose focus or get sidetrack as the department undergoes a shift from Holder to whomever its next leader is. But the Browns said Holder vowed to bring them a fair federal investigation, and that they trust him to be true to his word even as he transitions out of office.
“It was a parent talking to another parent in consoling our feelings,” McSpadden said of her initial meeting with Holder. “He did reassure me that it would be fair and transparent. … I do feel a way about him resigning, but I don’t feel like he’s going to exit and not do what he set out to do.”
The Browns were in Washington for meetings with lawmakers during the Congressional Black Caucus’s annual conference , lobbying for legislation that would require police officers to wear body cameras while on duty. That push comes as civil rights groups, including the NAACP, have seized on the Brown case and several other prominent police shootings this summer to renew their decades-long push for legislation to address racial profiling in law enforcement.
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

Sandy Hook commission calls for tighter regulation of homeschooling of “children with significant emotional  social or behavioral problems“So reports ctpost.com :
Parents who home-school children with significant emotional, social or behavioral problems would have to file progress reports prepared by special education program teams, under a proposal being considered by the governor’s Sandy Hook Advisory Commission….
[T]he commission, which is preparing its final report to Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, said tighter scrutiny of home-schoolers may be needed to prevent an incident such as the December 2012 slaughter of 20 first-graders and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown. The murders were carried out by Adam Lanza, a disturbed 20-year-old who had been home-schooled by his mother, Nancy Lanza, whom he also shot to death on the morning of his murder spree.
Lanza was apparently pulled out of school at age 16, and was home-schooled briefly, until he got his GED. (Note that Connecticut law provides that, after age 17, education — whether public, private, or home — is not compulsory in any event.)
Under the proposal, home-schooled children with behavioral and emotional disabilities would have to have individualized education plans approved by the special education director of the local public school district. Allowing for the continued home-schooling of such children would be predicated on the individualized plans and “adequate progress” documented in mandatory annual reports.
The story quotes commissioner member Dr. Harold I. Schwartz as saying,
Given the individuals involved in the tragedy that formed the basis of this commission, I think we have thought this issue out at some length and we believe it is very germane and that the actual facts leading up to this incident support the notion of the risk in not addressing social and emotional learning needs of children who may have significant needs in that area who are home-schooled.
In principle, I agree that parents have obligations to their children, including the obligation to educate them and to give them medical care. This may include psychiatric care, if the problems are sufficiently severe. I’m just skeptical that the state is going to be terribly good at second-guessing home-schooling parents’ judgment with regard to kids with emotional, social, and behavioral problems (a group that is of course hard for parents to help, but that is hard for state authorities to help, too). And that’s especially so if the regulatory scheme is driven by concerns about the tiny, tiny fraction of children whose problems lead them to become mass murderers — a psychological process that, to my knowledge, psychiatry (unsurprisingly) doesn’t really fully understand.
But I’m certainly not an expert on this — I’d love to hear what others think.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Meeting of Pakistan High Commission with Hurriyat leaders was ill-timed: Sartaj Aziz13
0
New York: Hours after Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke at the UNGA and said that India is ready for talks with Pakistan, but not under the shadow of terror, Pakistan's National Security and Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz said that they regretted the meeting with Hurriyat leaders.
"In this case perhaps, the timing was not right because the discussion on Kashmir was yet to start," Aziz said.
Pakistan's National Security and Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz had on Friday said that the onus for resumption of dialogue process was on India which suspended the talks. Aziz said that India over reacted by calling off foreign secretary level talks between the two countries last month.
Pakistan's National Security and Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz had on Friday said that the onus for resumption of dialogue process was on India which suspended the talks.
#pakistan high commission #hurriyat #sartaj aziz #nawaz sharif
"It was India that cancelled the foreign secretary level talks therefore now it's up to India to make the first move. India over reacted over the issue of the Hurriyat leader meeting Pakistani High Commission as such meetings had taken place in the past as well."
4

Market Outlook: RBI policy to drive markets in a holiday-shortened week aheadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi at the UN: Asserting India’s global roleSeptember 28, 2014, 12:02 am IST TK Arun in Cursor | India , Times View | ET
33
The earth did not quite shake as Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the 69th United Nations General Assembly, but the PM did make his presence felt as the representative of a sixth of humanity, seeking to set the agenda for the multilateral organisation and proposing a global, comprehensive convention to tackle terror.
Modi dealt with Pakistan with welcome restraint, refusing to be drawn into a verbal duel over Kashmir to which Pak prime minister Nawaz Sharif’s speech at the UN had constituted an invitation.
Modi reiterated India’s stand that Kashmir is a bilateral matter and that discussions cannot take place with a terror gun held to India’s head. By stressing the need to focus on the recent calamitous floods in Kashmir, Modi sought to present a contrast between Pakistan’s political preoccupation with Kashmir and India’s concern for the welfare of the people of the state.
As speeches go, this is fine, but actual concern has to be demonstrated by action on the ground, not by sweeping rhetoric. After a flood of waters, Kashmir now needs not a flood of words but systematic relief and rehabilitation.
Restoring the traditional storm water channels that had allowed water to drain away, contingency plans to deploy heavy pumps to pump out water from low-lying areas where posh colonies have come up, and other such things have low rhetorical yield but address the real concerns of the flood-affected.
That Modi spoke in Hindi is perfectly in order. Hindi is spoken by larger numbers than are three of the UN’s six official languages, French, Arabic and Russian. So, actually, are several other Indian languages. Indian languages do deserve more official representation in international fora. But the kind of Hindi Modi spoke certainly was not in order.
When Modi speaks ex tempore, he speaks the language that the common people of north India understand, the Hindustani of Hindi films. That is one of the sources of his popularity. But his speech at UN was in the artificial mould of Sangh ideologues, obscure Sanskrit words skewering and displacing common words that have their roots in Urdu/Persian.
The Sangh has for long tried to create a communal divide in language as well, trying to excise all traces of Persian from Hindustani and replace them with words borrowed from Sanskrit. Sanghis choose to ignore the common roots of both Sanskrit and Persian in the Indo-Aryan family of lanugages, in their constant, pervasive effort to portray the Muslim as the other.
Modi breezed through universal disarmament and non-proliferation. Terror was used to make the point that India can also take global initiatives, by way of seeking an international convention on it. But Modi chose to gloss over the emergence of the Islamic State, as if preparing the ground not to play any activist role in the emerging international alliance against it.
References to democracy, India’s tradition of multilateralism, and claim to universalism founded on ancient philosophy served to both be politically correct and clamber on to the moral high ground.
The call to complete action on revamping the Security Council by the 70th General Assembly next year, for maritime, outer space and cyber space security and to continue with equal but differentiated responsibilities of developed and developing countries towards the environment sought to communicate India’s assertion of its rightful place in the comity of nations and the comprehensive sweep of its concerns.
Modi was conscious that he was addressing a huge domestic audience and kept his pitch on development high. That he called for every nation to do its bit to achieve development, in contrast to his willingness to let a comprehensive multilateral convention take on the work on terror, showed his seriousness on the subject.
Two thing struck an odd note in Modi’s speech. The first was his reference to Yoga. Modi offered Yoga as India’s contribution to combating climate change. Of course, he did not mean to suggest that if all seven billion humans stood on their head before breakfast every day, global warming would reverse itself.
He wished to assert the balance between mind and body that Yoga seeks to secure, and, thereby, emphasise the restraint sustainability calls for on the desire to constantly expand consumption. This makes sense.
What does not make sense is his party propping up, in the name of Yoga, false apostles who barely know the difference between contorted bodily postures and control of the mind via control of the body that Yoga pursues.
The second oddity in Modi’s speech was a reference to new divisions in Europe. Does this mark a departure in New Delhi’s stand on Ukraine’s civil strife? India had ruffled American feathers by stating that Russia had legitimate concerns over developments in Ukraine and Crimea.
Is there any plan to deviate from India’s eminently sensible pursuit of encouraging a multipolar distribution of power in the world, to prevent unipolar hegemony that would constrict the space a developing country like India would have? The government should elaborate its views on the subject to the domestic public.
On the whole, Modi made an impressive debut on the global stage, even if he did not outline any vision comparable to the rousing call for a world free of nuclear weapons that Rajiv Gandhi had made in his 1988 address to the UN, which continues to rally support 26 years later.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Facebook to test Internet beaming drones in 2015Sep 28, 2014 at 02:35pm IST
Facebook to test Internet beaming drones in 2015
27
1
Washington: Facebook plans to start testing its internet-carrying solar-powered drones in 2015, with the ultimate aim of getting two-thirds of the global population online.
Mark Zuckerberg had unveiled Facebook's Connectivity Lab and its partnership with the Internet.org project in March this year.
The initiative seeks to use solar-powered unmanned aerial vehicles to beam internet down to the two thirds of the global population who are not yet connected, according to 'Gizmag'.
The initiative seeks to use solar-powered unmanned aerial vehicles to beam internet down to the two thirds of the global population who are not yet connected.
#facebook #internet #drones
Speaking at the Social Good Summit in New York last week, engineering director at Facebook Connectivity Lab, Yael Maguire, detailed the company's vision of internet-carrying drones, with plans to begin testing in 2015 in a US location which is yet to be determined.
"In order for us to fly these planes - unmanned planes that have to fly for months, or perhaps years at a time - we actually have to fly above the weather, above all airspace," Maguire told Mashable.
"That's between 60,000 and 90,000 feet. Routinely, planes don't fly there, and certainly not drones," he said. The size of the planes will be roughly the size of a commercial aircraft.
One of the plane models the lab is working on is the length of "about six or seven Priuses, but is the weight of four of the tires of a Prius," Maguire said.
A team at the Facebook Connectivity Lab is specifically working on policy, advising the technology and development teams on regulations that are in place.
Right now, there's a 'one pilot per plane' rule, but Maguire said they need a regulatory environment that's open to one pilot managing up to 100 of these solar-powered planes. "We can't have one person per plane if we want to figure out how to connect the world," he said.
4

Alibaba pays $459 m for stake in Chinese hotel tech coAlibaba pays $459 m for stake in Chinese hotel tech co
Reuters
Tweet
BEIJING, Sept 28:  
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has bought a 15 per cent stake in hospitality technology provider Beijing Shiji Information Technology Co Ltd for 2.81 billion yuan ($458.66 million), marking its first major investment since raising $25 billion in a record-breaking initial public offering.
Shiji provides IT consulting to hotels and sells software that manages room reservations, purchasing and inventory and point of sales systems.
It distributes its products to high-end hotels in China, with clients including Grant Hyatt Hotels, Marriott International Inc, Westin Hotels and Resorts and Sofitel Luxury Hotels, according to its website.
The deal was disclosed in a regulatory filing Sunday with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, where Shiji trades publicly.
Alibaba could not immediately provide comment.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Land for AP capital to be procured on pooling system: MinisterLand for AP capital to be procured on pooling system: Minister
PTI
Tweet
Vijayawada, Sept 28:  
Andhra Pradesh Information, Public Relations and IT Minister P Raghunadha Reddy said here today that land for new capital of Andhra Pradesh will be procured from farmers through land pooling system where they would be shared a portion of their land after development.
The new capital region will be developed around Vijayawada in Vijayawada-Guntur-Tenali-Mangalagiri limits.
Reddy, who is also a member of the Capital Advisory Committee, constituted by the state government to finalise land acquisition policy for construction of capital said, land will be procured from farmers through pooling method under which land will be developed and afterwards farmers who have given away their land will be given a share in it.
The Minister, who was in city on an official tour told reporters that the ‘share’ (of land) for farmers would be finalised in next two to three months.
Land pooling is the best policy where farmers would come forward to hand over their land and will be favourable to them, he said.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Millenials say camera best thing about smart...Millenials say camera best thing about smartphones!
By PTI | 28 Sep, 2014, 05.34PM IST
Almost 90 per cent of Millennials admit their smartphones are indispensable to them, with the camera being the best part about their devices.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Almost 90 per cent of Millennials admit their smartphones are indispensable to them, with the camera being the best part about their devices, according to a new US study.
The study, which surveyed 1,019 people ages 18-34, found that what many Millennials love best about their smartphones is the camera.
Nearly 90 per cent said they use smartphone camera to take photos daily or weekly, and not just "selfies." They often click a shirt or a stereo they like and send it to friends to see what they think.
The study also found that the first thing 80 per cent of Millennials do every morning is reach for their smartphones, and 78 per cent spend more than two hours a day texting, surfing, talking, tweeting, shopping and banking, 'USA Today' reported.
Around 81 per cent said it's important for retailers to have high-quality mobile apps and 47 per cent access businesses via mobile at least once a day, according to the study by Zogby Analytics.
Thirty-six per cent have made a decision on where to spend money or switched companies based on what they let them accomplish on mobile and 14 per cent wouldn't do business with a company that doesn't have a mobile site or app.
Also, 60 per cent believe that in the next five years everything will be done on mobile devices and 54 per cent are ready to pay using a mobile wallet.

Net direct tax collection at Rs 2.60 lakh cr...Net direct tax collection touches Rs 2.60 lakh crore this fiscal
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 05.24PM IST
Tags:
corporate tax
(Personal income tax realisation stood…)
NEW DELHI: Net direct tax collection so far in the current fiscal stood at Rs 2.60 lakh crore, said a senior finance ministry official.
The gross direct tax collection till September 26, 2014-15 fiscal, was at Rs 3.37 lakh crore.
Of this, corporate tax contributed was Rs 1.55 lakh crore during the period, the official said.
Personal income tax realisation stood at 1.01 lakh crore. Besides, collection of Securities Transaction Tax ( STT ) and Wealth Tax stood at Rs 3,222 crore and Rs 357.5 crore respectively.
The government has targeted to raise Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes in 2014-15, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yahoo-AOL  merger : Recipe for revival  or s...Investors are revisiting one of the most speculated Internet combinations, after activist investor Starboard on Friday pressured Yahoo to merge with AOL.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
A proposed merger of Internet pioneers AOL Inc and Yahoo Inc could create a nimbler player in Web video, but strong growth, the measure of success in Silicon Valley , would remain elusive.
Investors are revisiting one of the most speculated Internet combinations, after activist investor Starboard on Friday pressured Yahoo to merge with AOL.
A pairing could help the companies compete in their core advertising business. But even combined, they would remain but a shadow of the Internet powerhouses they once were, analysts and advertising experts said.
Cost cutting after a merger would generate plenty of savings, some $1 billion, according to Starboard's analysis. Accelerating business growth would be harder.
"Neither company is a leader in ad dollars, and other than cost savings, there is little to gain by combining them," said Erik Gordon, a professor at the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.
DOING THE MANAGEMENT SHUFFLE
A merger would suck up a lot of management time as the companies integrate staff and systems. In the meantime, the combined company could fall even further behind the competition, said Gordon.
"You've saved costs and you've become a more efficient slow-growth company," he said.
In mobile, a high-growth area in which Yahoo and AOL have both been playing catch-up, joining forces would create little apparent benefit, analysts said.
Yahoo and AOL have a meek and decreasing share of the digital ad market, according to data from research firm eMarketer. Google Inc is expected to command more than a third of the world's $140 billion digital advertising spending this year, with No. 2 Facebook Inc grabbing about 8 per cent. AOL's share is less than 1 per cent and Yahoo's is 2.5 per cent, both down from 2013.
SOME BENEFITS
Still, analysts and advertising experts think a tie-up would help when it comes to video programming and newer, automated ways of buying advertising.
Last year AOL made its biggest acquisition under CEO Tim Armstrong when it bought an electronic video advertising platform Adap.tv for $405 million. That technology could fit well with Yahoo's recent efforts to deliver more online video programming, such as videos about technology and fashion, along with old episodes of the Saturday Night Live television program.
Both companies could benefit from combined content and audience, said Amy Dickerson, vice president, director of digital at Spark, a media agency owned by Publicis.
Pairing up would make Yahoo and AOL a strong No. 3 player in the display advertising market, behind Google and Facebook, said Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser.
SIZE MATTERS
"The reason why Facebook's size and Google's size matters and helps them so much is that they are a one-stop shop for so many advertisers," said Wieser.
AOL's heavy investment in programmatic advertising that allows marketers to automate the buying and selling of ads is another asset that would help Yahoo.
AOL has been reaping the benefits. Last quarter, advertising revenue, almost 75 per cent of AOL overall revenue, jumped 20 per cent in large part to its programmatic efforts and Adap.tv acquisition.
Additionally, AOL ad pricing, meaning what it gets for each ad, is growing while Yahoo's is shrinking, noted JMP Securities analyst Ronald Josey.
"AOL is specifically doing better in their core business and Yahoo has room for improvement for sure," he said.
Combining two online services is not a sure bet. Yahoo and Microsoft Corp voiced similar logic when they struck a Web search deal in 2009.
With Microsoft technology powering searches and search advertising for both companies, the partners hoped to mount a more competitive challenge to Google, the world's No. 1 search engine.
But the boost in search advertising prices has failed to materialize so far, and Yahoo has tried to slow the roll out of Microsoft technology on its websites in certain countries.

Tamil Nadu Finance Minister Panneerselvam to be new chief ministerYou are here: Home > Collections
Jayalalithaa's trusted aide Panneerselvam sworn as Tamil Nadu's new chief minister
V Prem Shanker, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 04.15AM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(Described as "Mr Faithful",…)
CHENNAI: When J Jayalalithaa's tried and trusted political lieutenant O Panneerselvam takes oath as Tamil Nadu chief minister on Monday, he has his first task cut out: to "move heaven and earth" to secure bail for his party supremo currently lodged in a Bangalore prison after being convicted in a disproportionate assets case.
Party sources told ET that their legal team was doing everything possible to get the Chief Justice of the Karnataka high court to convene a special bench to hear Jayalalithaa's bail petition in HC on Monday or Tuesday. Noted lawyer and former Union law minister Ram Jethmalani is likely to appear on behalf of Jaya in HC. As an immediate relief, Jaya will first seek bail which will be followed by an appeal against the judgment.
In Chennai, a team of glumfaced MLAs — a few even wailing — signed on the dotted line at a meeting in the party HQ on Sunday evening electing finance m i n i s t e r Panneerselvam as the legislative party leader.
AIADMK sources said the swearing in will be a sombre affair. "The effort will be to finish off the ceremony as soon as possible to send a strong message to the cadres that Panneerselvam is just a substitute till Amma returns," a party functionary told ET.
This would be the second time that Panneerselvam gets sworn in as the CM. Jaya had handed over the responsibility to him in 2001 following her conviction in the TANSI land case. Back home in Periyakulam, Theni district, where Panneerselvam grew up, stories of his humility and valour began doing the rounds all over again. Damodaran, a classmate and close friend of Panneerselvam, said: "He has remained humble and loyal all his life to the party and its leader." Damodaran is the local leader of an MGR Forum attached to AIADMK in Periayakulam.
"Panneerselvam has always risen to the occasion. When a local tank had breached, Panneerselvam as a young lad had then led a team with all of us to plug the breach. Even a couple of months ago when he witnessed a road accident on the highway between Trichy and Chennai, OP took the victim in his car and got her admitted at the hospital," Damodaran added.
Panneerselvam's father Ottakara Thevar was a farmer and ran a tea shop in Pariyakulam town in Theni district. OP completed his schooling and graduation in Periayakulam and while helping out his father in the Tea shop, he was actively involved in political work. He started small as the party's ward councillor and went on to become Periyakulam Municipality Chairman. He grew through the ranks and became MLA for Pe r i yakulam Constituency in 2001. His fortunes looked up when he came to the attention of TTV Dinakaran, nephew of Jaya's close aide Sasikala.
In 2001, when Jayalalithaa had to step down over a corruption case, she had appointed Panneerselvam as her stand-in. He was "shell-shocked" over the announcement. But his work as a substitute in running a proxy government has clearly impressed the party chief enough to give him a second opportunity now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Justice VM Sahai to become acting Chief Justice of Gujarat High CourtSep 28, 2014 at 05:39pm IST
Justice VM Sahai to become acting Chief Justice of Gujarat High Court
13
0
Ahmedabad: Justice Vijay Manohar Sahai will be the acting Chief Justice of the Gujarat High Court after former Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya retired, a senior official of the Court said.
"Justice VM Sahai will be the acting Chief Justice of the High Court at present. He is the seniormost judge in the High Court," Registrar General MJ Thakkar of Gujarat High Court said.
Justice Sahai, (61), started legal practice at the Allahabad High Court in Uttar Pradesh with his father Justice RM Sahai, who was later elevated as judge in the Supreme Court of India, the High Court website said.
Justice Sahai was elevated as the judge in Allahabad High Court on February 5, 1999, and later joined the Gujarat High Court on November 28, 2010.
#gujarat #gujarat high court #justice vm sahai
He practiced mainly on Civil writ and Taxation and appeared in a large number of important cases for UP Service Commission, UP State Road Transport Corporation and for various Insurance Corporations.
He was elevated as the judge in Allahabad High Court on February 5, 1999, and later joined the Gujarat High Court on November 28, 2010, it added.
The development came after Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya retired on September 26 from the Court.
Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya was enrolled as advocate on March 14, 1975 and was designated as a Senior Advocate on December 19, 1994, the Gujarat High Court website said.
Justice Bhattacharya was appointed as the permanent judge of the Calcutta High Court on July 17, 1997, it said.
He was transferred to the Gujarat High Court judge as the acting Chief Justice on November 8, 2011 and continued till he was elevated as the Chief Justice of Gujarat High Court on July 21, 2012.
1

Paid news should attract disqualification: VS Sampath24
0
New Delhi: Paid news should be made an electoral offence that attracts disqualification so that it acts as a deterrent, Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath on Sunday suggested and said inadequacies in legal framework were not allowing the poll panel to effectively check this and other malpractices.
He also said that there is a "crying need" for a "well defined legislation" governing expenditure of political parties during elections as its absence was allowing them and their candidates to circumvent the rules.
Sampath, who was speaking at a session organised by the Law Commission, said that when the Election Commission looked into whether it had the powers to deal with paid news it found the "answer was negative."
Sampath said that 'paid news' in whatever form or nomenclature is presently not even an electoral offence.
#vs sampath #paid news #chief election commissioner
He said that 'paid news' in whatever form or nomenclature is presently not even an electoral offence.
"If it is an electoral offence, it can eventually lead to the disqualification of the candidate. Whatever the difficulties of implementation, the very fact that if it is listed as electoral offence, it would act as a deterrent against people using it in the elections," he said.
The CEC said that a recommendation in this regard has been made to the Law Ministry.
He even wondered why the government advertisements during elections should not be considered as paid news. Paid news not being an electoral offence, he said, EC now tries to check this menace by invoking its powers related to candidates' spending. He said that if a candidate is caught, the amount is added to the candidate's expenditure.
He, however, claimed that when caught, the candidates have found their own way to wriggle out of it.
"When they (candidates) file their expenditure returns, they always build a cushion for this kind of things. If Rs 40 lakh those days was the limit, invariably no candidate would file a return for more than Rs 25 lakh. That 15 lakh will be the cushion for this," Sampath said.
He said that the EC catches instances of paid news but it is like "they were paying some traffic fine, and they will do that and continue with the journey merrily".
1

ECB’s asset plan takes political hitPolitical reticence blunts ECB’s asset purchase plan
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0a08022-459c-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AIADMK MLAs unanimously elect O Panneerselvam to succeed Jayalalithaa as Tamil Nadu CMJayalalithaa with O Panneerselvam, who will be sworn-in as the new CM of Tamil Nadu on Monday.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: September 28, 2014 5:40 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 8:47 am
A day after a Bangalore special court convicted J Jayalalithaa in a disproportionate assets case, an AIADMK legislature party meeting on Sunday unanimously elected O Panneerselvam as the new Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. Panneerselvam, who met Governor K Rosaiah in the evening, is set to be sworn in on Monday at 11 am.
The meeting of the AIADMK MLAs was called after Panneerselvam, who holds the finance and public works portfolios, and other senior party ministers met Jayalalithaa at the Bangalore Parappana Agrahara prison in the morning.
READ:  She wanted to study…a film role changed her life
Meanwhile, a senior party leader said they would file a bail petition in the Karnataka High Court on Monday. “We hope that it will be listed for hearing at least on Tuesday by a vacation bench,” he said.
Clad in a white sari inside Cell No 7402 on Sunday, Jayalalithaa was reportedly visited by six top officers of the state government, including DGP (Intelligence) Ashok Kumar and Special Advisor and former Chief Secretary Sheela Balakrishnan. Sources said senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani may be roped in to fight her case in higher courts.
According to party insiders, Panneerselvam was unanimously elected as the Chief Minister. “He is firm and serious with us, and very loyal to Amma. He deserves it,” said a senior MLA. Many senior leaders pointed out that he had been loyal to Jayalalithaa since the early ‘90s.
In September 2001 too, Panneerselvam was made Chief Minister for a brief period as Jayalalithaa had to step down after the Supreme Court pronounced her guilty of criminal offence.
In political circles, Panneerselvam is known as the reluctant Chief Minister. During his earlier stint in 2001, he chose not to sit in Jayalalithaa’s chair at the Chief Minister’s Office and did not clear crucial files. “He chose a vistor’s chair at Fort St. George (where the state secretariat is housed) when he was appointed as the CM in September 2001 as a stopgap arrangement,” said a former AIADMK minister.
Like in 2001, Panneerselvam’s oath-taking ceremony is likely to be a low-profile event. The legislature party meeting on Sunday already set the tone, as it selected the new Chief Minister without any fanfare. Top leaders and supporters were careful not to indulge in any happy gestures or even the distribution of sweets and garlands. An AIADMK leader said many were nearly in tears when Panneerselvam’s name was announced.
Hailing from Periyakulam near Theni in south Tamil Nadu, Panneerselvam, 63, owned a tea shop and dairy farm before entering active politics in 1996. “He was the first CM from Thevar community. He is a party card holding member since 1972,” said a senior MLA close to him. “After MGR’s death, we were all in the Janaki camp — the faction led by MGR’s wife. Later we joined Jayalalithaa,” he said.

Activist Investor Urges Yahoo Merger With AOLYou are here: Home Corporates
Activist Investor Buys Stake in Yahoo, Urges AOL Merger
Reuters | Updated On: September 27, 2014 12:39 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
San Francisco/New York: Activist investor Starboard Value LP has said it has acquired a "significant" stake in Yahoo Inc and urged the internet company to explore a merger with AOL Inc.
Starboard, the second activist investor to target Yahoo in the last three years, also said the company should quickly "monetize" its Asian assets which exceed the enterprise value of its actual business.
Shares in Yahoo rose 4.4 per cent to close at $40.60, while AOL jumped 3.7 per cent to $44.55, both on Nasdaq.
Starboard's call marks the latest chapter in Yahoo's protracted effort to revamp the Internet pioneer whose revenue growth has lagged those of competitors such as Google Inc, Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc.
In a letter to Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer, Starboard said it was looking forward to "engaging directly" with Yahoo to discuss how its plan could be implemented in a timely manner.
Starboard, a former activist investor in AOL, said a Yahoo-AOL merger could create up to $1 billion in "synergies" by reducing overlaps in online display advertising and other overhead costs.
"I don't think it will happen but I do think Yahoo is now in play. It puts more pressure on Mayer," Ironfire Capital founder Eric Jackson said.
"Between now and four months from now someone will want to submit a short board slate and they will have a strong case," said Mr Jackson, who owns a stake in Yahoo.
"Mayer is really under the gun to create value for shareholders and prove she is doing a better job than anyone else can do."
Ms Mayer, a former Google executive, was hired in mid-2012 with the backing of Dan Loeb, the head of activist hedge fund Third Point LLC, which had waged a bitter proxy battle with Yahoo and eventually won several board seats at Yahoo.
In suggesting a tie-up with AOL, Starboard is revisiting a theme that pops up every few quarters as the former 1990s Internet powerhouses try to regain their footing. Both AOL and Yahoo have seen their online ad market share shrink in recent years.
AOL's $3.5 billion market valuation makes the merger viable for Yahoo, which has $9 billion in cash, said BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis.
AOL declined to comment. A Yahoo representative did not return requests for comment.
More than 2 years ago Starboard bought a stake in AOL, pushed for a patent sale and tried unsuccessfully to gain board seats. It no longer holds shares in AOL.
Starboard is also pursuing a high visibility proxy battle with Olive Garden owner Darden Restaurants Inc.
Starboard did not specify the size of its stake in Yahoo. Investors which own 5 percent or more are required to publicly disclose their holdings.
Tax matters
Shares of Yahoo have surged by more than 150 per cent since Mayer took the helm in 2012, but investors attribute most of the gains to the fast-rising value of Yahoo's stakes in Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and in Yahoo Japan, a joint venture with Japan's Softbank Corp.
Yahoo sold 140 million Alibaba shares in the Chinese company's blockbuster initial public offering earlier this month, adding billions of dollars to Yahoo's balance sheet. While Yahoo has said it plans to return at least half to shareholders, some investors worry that Mayer will spend the rest of the cash on poorly chosen acquisitions.
Starboard faulted Yahoo for not doing enough to reduce taxes associated with selling its Alibaba shares.
Figuring out a tax-efficient way to "monetize" the Asian stakes should be the top priority for Yahoo's management and board, Starboard said, noting that $16 billion in additional value could be generated by more tax efficient deal structures.
Starboard has explored several "alternative structures" that could deliver directly to shareholders with "minimal tax leakage," it said, without providing specifics.
Yahoo has a one-year lockup with Alibaba, so Starboard's proposal would require the cooperation of the Chinese company and Yahoo Japan.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 27, 2014 12:31 (IST)

Isis advances in Syria despite air raidsIsis advances on Syrian Kurdish enclave despite air strikes
By Erika Solomon in Beirut and Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd2c6d16-45a1-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Complete breakdown in constitutional machinery in TN following Jayalalithaa conviction: DMKE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ban Ki-moon thanks Narendra Modi for India s contribution to UN peacekeeping effortsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Army likely to replace the Indo Tibetan Border Police along LAC with China: Sources6
1
Leh: In a significant move aimed at countering the increasing threat and incidents of incursion by China's People's Liberation Army, the Centre is contemplating replacing the ITBP by the Army, particularly in the Ladakh sector.
Maximum number of incidents of incursion have been reported here. The Army's role in handling the recent crisis at Chumar has been appreciated as it took a tough stand on the issue of not letting the PLA troops to intimidate its soldiers.
The Army had even successfully managed to set up an observation hut at a strategic location in the Chumar region. Government sources said it was the Army's prompt and immediate action that put a complete check on PLA's plans for any further advancement into the Indian territory.
The Army had even successfully managed to set up an observation hut at a strategic location in the Chumar region.
#ladakh #army #incursion #itbp
Thus, there is now a growing view in the government that the Army and not the ITBP should be made the "first line of defence'' along the India-China border.
The issue was discussed between National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and the officials of the Defence and Home Ministry.
21

Private sector executives can also apply for Coal India CMD postE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Foreign Investors Pump in Over Rs. 20 000 Crore in SeptemberYou are here: Home Market
Foreign Investors Pump in Over Rs 20,000 Crore in September
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 28, 2014 14:14 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New Delhi: Overseas investors have poured in a whopping over Rs 20,000 crore in the Indian capital markets since the beginning of this month as influenced by the reform agenda of the new government.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 5,117 crore ($848 million) from September 1 to 26, while they infused a net amount of Rs 15,308 crore ($2.5 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 20,425 crore ($3.4 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government, including opening up the retail sector to foreign players, deregulation of diesel prices and a gas pricing formula and speedy auctions for de-allocated coal mines among others.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of over Rs 2 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of over Rs 83,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.2 lakh crore into debt market.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs 9.92 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 14:12 (IST)

 Top 5 Blue-chip Firms Lose Over Rs 45 887 Cr in M-CapThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New Delhi: Amid weakening stocks, the combined market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 45,887.6 crore last week, with RIL and ICICI Bank taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, RIL, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), ONGC, ITC, CIL, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma witnessed addition.
The m-cap of RIL plunged Rs 19,728.88 crore to Rs 3,01,948.82 crore. ICICI Bank suffered a loss of Rs 10,682.94 crore to Rs 1,71,031.83 crore, while the value of SBI dipped by Rs 9,376.96 crore to Rs 1,82,380.34 crore.
TCS's value fell by Rs 4,935.99 crore to Rs 5,25,497.34 crore and Infosys lost Rs 1,162.83 crore to Rs 2,11,387.82 crore.
Among the gainers, ITC's value surged Rs 9,808.34 crore to Rs 2,96,442.94 crore, while ONGC added Rs 6,159.95 crore to Rs 3,52,657.30 crore.
The m-cap of HDFC Bank jumped Rs 2,727.51 crore to Rs 2,10,296.22 crore, while that of CIL rose by Rs 1,358.02 crore to Rs 2,19,809.48 crore and Sun Pharma added Rs 51.78 crore to Rs 1,67,158.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 companies, TCS remained at number one position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the last week, the benchmark Sensex fell by 464.1 points to 26,626.32.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 11:37 (IST)

The Week Ahead: S&P Upgrade  PM Modi s US Visit to Improve Market SentimentThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
The week ahead could see improvement in sentiments after the pull-back rally led by the S&P raising India's sovereign credit rating to 'stable' from 'negative'. The other sentiment driver is the Prime Minister Modi's visit to the US which started over the weekend.
After rallying for six consecutive weeks, the Indian equity markets have finally cooled off from its all-time peak. Foreign Institutional Investor selling, weakness of the Indian rupee against the US Dollar, Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocations and deferment of the new gas pricing dampened the sentiment on the street. If that was not enough, fresh short positions and higher degree of short rolls in the banking and oil & gas sectors led to the September series ending in the red; something which has happened for the first time in seven months.
Looking ahead the coming week promises to be full of action. The interest rate sensitive stocks will be in focus, ahead of the RBI policy meet which is scheduled to be held on September 30. In addition, fiscal deficit data for the month of August will also be closely watched.
Technically the Nifty has managed to close above the 50 dma (day moving average) at 7885 and now on the upside has to close above 8030 for resumption of the uptrend. The bank nifty also managed to close above its breakout level and if it can sustain over 15650 then we could see levels of 16200 in the coming week.
In the week ended Friday, 26 September 2014, the 30-share S&P BSE Sensex fell 464.06 points or 1.71 per cent to 26,626.32. The 50-unit CNX Nifty slipped 152.60 points or 1.88 per cent to 7,968.85. The high beta 'bank nifty' was down 3.37 per cent, while the CNX Metal Index was down 4.81 per cent. The worst performer was the CNX PSU Bank Index down 6.81 per cent for the week. The outperformance came from the CNX FMCG Index which ended the week with gains of 2.05 per cent.
Tracking the top 3 gainers on the Nifty were ITC up 3.4%, HCL Tech up 2.4 per cent and ONGC up 2 per cent, while the top 3 losers were JSPL down 12.7 per cent, BHEL down 9.3 per cent and PNB down 8.5 per cent.
Globally, Dow Jones Index and Nasdaq Index saw volatile movements as most investors turned vary on the uncomfortable valuations being attached to the much in demand 'e-commerce' and 'social-media' sector, which actually bore the brunt of the selling this week. Oil prices were range-bound while gold prices moved up as a natural corollary to weakness in equities.
The key other than Prime Minister Modi's visit to the US is the RBI policy meet which can actually improve investor and corporate sentiment by reducing the 'repo' or reducing the CRR (cash reserve ratio).
The investors can do well by buying some of the PSU banks which have fallen more than justified and which could do well in the coming quarter on the back of improvement in corporate spending and rise in individual spending which will increase credit demand.
Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent market analyst. The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 12:00 (IST)

PM Modi invites Indian-American biz leaders to India | CoverageAjay Banga
(In the over one hour-long…)
NEW YORK: A stable business environment and investment in human resources are some of the issues highlighted by a group of Indian-American corporate leaders during a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi who invited them to come to India and teach business and entrepreneurship.
In the over one hour-long meeting at a hotel where Modi is staying, the distinguished Indian-Americans discussed with him ways to enhance their contribution in human resource development and research activities.
The group of around 10 top Indian-Americans including Chairman and CEO of Symphony Technology group Romesh Wadhwani , Cognizant CEO Francisco D'Souza, President and CEO of Adobe System Shantanu Narayen, President, University of President Houston Renu Khator, Harvard Business school Dean Nitin Nohria, CEO Harman International Inc Dinesh Paliwal, Corporate Vice President of Microsoft's Developer Division S Somasegar and President of Carneig Mellon University Subra Suresh.
Official sources said they were very upbeat about opportunities for growth in India and made various suggestions about possible avenues for consideration. They also spoke about usual requirements for stable business environment and need for investing in human resources in India.
Emphasising on his ambitious 'Make in India' as well as the 'My Govt Digital Platform' projects, Modi spoke about the importance he places on the digital initiatives and innovations as well as research.
He invited them to come to India and teach during their vacations.
Before he embarked on the US trip, Modi launched the 'Make in India' campaign rolling out a red carpet to industrialists, both domestic and international, inviting them to make India a manufacturing hub that will help boost jobs and growth.
The My Govt Digital Platform initiative was launched in July with an aim to help citizens contribute in governance by giving their opinions and views on important issues.
There are multiple theme-based discussions on 'MyGov' where a wide range of people can share their thoughts and ideas.
For those who wish to go beyond discussions and wish to contribute on the ground, MyGov offers several avenues to do so. Citizens can volunteer for various tasks and submit their entries.
Keen to attract investment to India, Modi would be meeting as many as 11 top corporate honchos over breakfast tomorrow.
They include Google Executive Chairman Eric E Schmidt, Carlyle Group, Co-Founder and Co-CEO David M Rubenstein, Cargill President and CEO David W MacLennan, Merck & Co CEO Kenneth C Frazier Hospira Chairman John C Staley Citigroup CEO Michael L Corbat, Caterpillar Chairman and CEO Dough Oberhelman , MasterCard President and CEO Ajay Banga , Pepsico Chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi.
The Prime Minister would also be having one-on-one meetings with six other senior executives. Besides Goldman Sachs Chairman and CEO Lloyd C Blankfein, Modi would be meeting Boeing Chairman and CEO W James McNerney Jr, BlackRock Chairman and CEO Laurence D Fink, IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty, General Electric Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt, among others.
He will participate in a business meet, to be organised by USIBC, that is expected to be attended by 300-400 businessmen in Washington on September 30.
In his address at the 69th session of the UN General Assembly, Modi yesterday called for a more stable and inclusive growth and stressed that it require a genuine international partnership.
FEATURED ARTICLES

You ve Never Seen Ice Cream Scooped Like This Beforereddit
Behold, the Midnight Scoop. It's just as sleek and sexy as it sounds.
Designed by Michigan engineer Michael Chou, the ergonomic ice cream scoop solves the much dreaded challenge of spooning rock solid ice cream before it's ready to budge. (Sometimes you can't wait for the ice cream to soften, OK?) The magnificent tool doesn't use thermal technology like heated scoops ; instead, its curved handle simply shifts the labor of scooping from the wrist to the palm, eliminating the need for all that difficult prying.
"Everyone has been scooping ice cream wrong!" Chou writes on a recently launched Kickstarter campaign to raise funds for production.
"Current ice cream scoops are designed in a way that forces you to use weak wrist joints to scoop ice cream. When you are scooping ice cream with standard ice cream scoops, you are doing a prying motion," he explains. "This prying motion puts tremendous amounts of stress on your weak wrist joints. Your brain then tries to save your wrists by not letting you pry very hard -- thus making scooping ice cream very difficult."
Chou says his new design is all about the curved end of the scoop, which allows users to "push" into the ice cream.
"This allows you to keep your wrists straight and protected while you use large muscles like your arms and chest – which are significantly stronger than your wrist," he writes. "This -– to me -– is how to scoop ice cream properly."
Chou's been working on his design for two years. The coated, forged aluminum scoops will sell for $50 each and come with a lifetime guarantee. An online store is coming soon; with nearly a week left to go, he's already surpassed his Kickstarter goal of $17,500 by over $20,000.
Other people must agree: this is pure genius.
More:

Mohani Tea ships 13 tonne tea worth Rs 50 lakh to NigeriaMohani Tea ships 13 tonne tea worth Rs 50 lakh to Nigeria
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 28:  
Mohani Tea has ventured into export business with shipments of 13 tonnes worth Rs 50 lakhs to Nigeria this year.The company is exploring the Sub Saharan West African Region comprising countries like Mali, Burkina Faso and Niger, Nigeria among others, and seeks to make more tactical inroads into these untouched markets, Managing Director of Mohani Tea Ramesh Agarwal said.
To overcome local challenges, Mohani Tea has sent its own representative in the region to explore the market, build customer base, secure private labels and develop brand business, Aggarwal added.
The West African region imports regularly more than 100 containers, about 650 tonnes per month, so the company has decided to introduce Indian pure black tea labels as well as flavoured tea to the market, he added.
“So far we have shipped two containers or 13 tonnes of tea worth Rs 50 lakh to Nigeria and this is the first time we have entered into an export segment of tea business,” Aggarwal said.
These predominantly tea consuming markets, which today are serviced minly by Sri Lankan Black Tea and Chinese Green Tea brands, have among the highest per capita consumption of tea in Africa and thus are critical for Mohani Tea.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Corp Bank to build toilets under Swachh Bharat AbhiyanCorp Bank to build toilets under Swachh Bharat Abhiyan
Our Bureau
SR Bansal (third from left holding a broom), CMD, Corporation Bank, participating in the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ in Udupi on Sunday.
Mangalore, Sept 28:  
Corporation Bank will construct 100 toilets across the country in the schools that do not have the facility under the ‘Swachh Vidyalaya’ scheme as part of ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’.
SR Bansal, Chairman and Managing Director of the bank, who led a cleaning campaign in Udupi on Sunday as part of ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’, said this on Sunday.
Participating in the event, he said that the bank will construct five toilets in the schools in Udupi region of the bank. The bank has plans to conduct many such campaigns at other places also throughout the country, he said.
A press release by the bank said here that a large number of employees took part in the programme. They cleaned the Udupi bus stand and spruced up the area. The message was also conveyed to the people that it is not a onetime task but should a continuous process.
Speaking on the occasion, Bansal said that the ‘Swachh Bharat’ movement is a best tribute that can be given to the Father of Nation Mahatama Gandhi. Corporation Bank conducted the campaign at Udupi, which happens to be the birthplace place of the bank. The bank started functioning on March 12 1906 in the temple town of Udupi under the leadership of late Khan Bahadur Haji Abdullah Haji Kasim Saheb Bahadur, a philanthropist.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Panneerselvam is new Tamil Nadu CMPanneerselvam is new Tamil Nadu CM
IANS | Chennai Sep 28, 2014 05:27 PM IST
AIADMK legislators Sunday elected Tamil Nadu Finance Minister O. Panneerselvam to succeed the jailed J. Jayalalithaa as the state's new chief minister.
The decision was made known after a meeting of the legislators in the party headquarters in the heart of Chennai. A party leader told IANS that Panneerselvam would call on Governor K. Rosiah later in the day.
The expected development followed a meeting Jayalalithaa had with Panneerselvam and some other senior AIADMK functionaries at the Bangalore Central Jail earlier Sunday.
Panneerselvam had become chief minister in similar circumstances in 2001 for a brief period.
A special court in Bangalore late Saturday sentenced Jayalalithaa to four years in prison and fined her Rs.100 for amassing wealth illegally when she was the chief minister in 1991-96.

Arrow Coated ProductsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

More families are living in downtown D.C.  and they want a playgroundBy Jonathan O'Connell September 26 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
As a child, Cheryl Zandt lived in upstate New York, where it wasn’t difficult to find space in which to play tag, throw a ball or climb a tree.
Her 4-year-old daughter, however, is growing up in City Visa, the residential-and-retail complex at the corner of 5th and K streets NW, a few blocks east of the Walter E. Washington Convention Center.
City Vista has many offerings for adults living there  – a grocery store, hardware store, swanky gym and a series of restaurants — but there is little in the way of places to play nearby.
Zandt says she takes her daughter to the revamped Kennedy Recreation Center on 7th Street a few blocks north and, particularly when the weather is bad, she joins hundreds of other families in taking her daughter to the National Building Museum, which provides a large carpeted interior space for free.
“We love the Building Museum but honestly she is growing out of it,” Zandt said. “It’s an awesome space but the downside is there isn’t anything to climb on.”
Cheryl Zandt, standing with her daughter’s tricycle, is trying to raise money to create a large downtown indoor play area for kids. (Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan)
With the District’s downtown population continuing to grow, Zandt said she sees more families deciding to remain downtown rather than de-camp for outer neighborhoods or the suburbs. And for that to work, she said, downtown will need a place to play.
So she decided to try to build one.
Zandt is in the early stages of trying to raise more than $1.5 million to open a large, indoor play place downtown. A former pre-school teacher, she doesn’t have a financing mechanism or even a company (she works as a psychotherapist) but hers is the latest in a line of recent efforts to make downtown more livable for the growing number of residents and families there.
More than 9,000 people now live downtown, up from only about 500 25 years ago, and nearly 17,000 people live within a half-mile of Mount Vernon Triangle. It’s also where the fastest growth in the city is happening; from 2000-2010 Wards 2 and 6, which comprise downtown,  added the most residents. In Mount Vernon Triangle, another 700 apartments or condos are under construction.
Zandt considered seeking a franchise from operations like Gymboree Play & Music or Little Gym, but decided they fell short of what she envisions, such as custom-designed play structures — including two central tree-like climbing apparatuses — space for dance or yoga classes and a café for parents.
Instead she designed her own concept and called it Junior’s Clubhouse. She pictures serving not only people who live downtown but the many children in downtown day cares and schools, as well as children of tourists visiting the city and staying in hotels or with friends.
“I remember visiting Washington, D.C. as a kid and I loved it. I loved going to the museums and the monuments but honestly it would have been nice to play at the end of the day,” she said.
The idea is one of the more ambitious of proposals to create a children’s play area downtown. Zandt said she would ideally like to find more than 3,000 square feet with a minimum ceiling height of 15 feet.
“It’s not going to happen without public investment,” counseled Terry Lynch, executive director of the Downtown Cluster of Congregations. Lynch pushed the city to modernize playgrounds near his home in Mount Pleasant.
“The public infrastructure has not kept up with the speed of downtown’s revitalization,” he said.
Mount Vernon Square has been considered for an outdoor playground, but the best shot for one may be at Franklin Park, where a residents’ group calling itself  Downtown D.C. Kids , the Downtown Business Improvement District, the National Park Service and the D.C. government are planning a major overhaul .
“Hopefully there will be a playground there within three or four years,” said Gerry Widdicombe, director of economic development for the BID. He said it was one of the organization’s top priorities.
A design concept for Franklin Square includes a children’s play area on the eastern edge. (Courtesy National Park Service)
As a first step toward raising the money she needs, Zandt recently launched a giving campaign on the Web site Fundable. As of recently the site showed $7,345 in commitments out of a goal of $20,000.  She acknowledged that in discussions with District officials and a handful of developers, it had been suggested to her that she lower her sights.
“What I’m trying to do is make everything as sustainable and socially conscious as possible,” she said.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

PM Modi s maiden trip to US is a feel-good visit: PanagriyaThe US-India relations have been a bit on the low side and I think Modi wants to lift them back
Arvind Panagariya
Professor of economics
Columbia University
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will reach New York this evening. His packed schedule includes meetings with President Barack Obama and others in the US administration, other heads of states and leading industrialists. He will address the prominent Indian-Americans at the famous Madison Square Gardens.
Arvind Panagriya, Indian-American Economist and Professor of Economics at Columbia University, feels that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's maiden trip to US is a feel-good visit.
“Well I think you know this is a feel-good visit, Prime Minister's first one, one of thumping victory. The US-India relations have been a bit on the low side and I think he wants to lift them back up. So to a large degree the political front we know that there’s that history in the background of US having denied Mr Modi the visa. So clearly a big effort is being made by the US also to placate him and Mr Modi certainly wants to get India's relationship with United States back,” he told CNBC-TV18.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Prime Minister Modi will be meeting business leaders; he will be meeting President Barack Obama, he is reaching out to the NRI community. What will this visit establish for both the countries?
A: This is a feel good visit. Prime Minister has won a thumping victory and since the US-India relations have been a bit on the low side, he wants to lift them up again.
On the political front we know that history in the background of the US having denied Modi the visa, so a big effort is also being made by the US to placate him and Modi certainly wants to get India’s relations with United States back high. Also, in terms of people to people this is a good moral booster for the Indian community here as well.
Q: In the light of what happened with Shinzo Abe and then when the Chinese President came visiting India, 100 billion finally came down to 20 billion, Japan is 35 billion. Do you anticipate any significant number at the end of this visit as well?
A: Some numbers will come but at the end of the day these are quasi commitments and everything will depend on the kinds of returns India produces for investors or the investment responses to the returns.
Some you might get because – like the Japanese one, for instance if the government itself is committed then those ones will come in but any funds there, ultimately have to come from the private sector will depend on what we do as a country, what reforms we do, what rates of returns figure they can expect in India.
Q: Speaking of reforms, you have tracked Modi’s story in Gujarat very closely, you were feeling very confident of him being able to push the reform agenda at the centre as well, do you believe that they have been able to do enough with the legislative majority that they enjoy in terms of pushing through reforms?
A: The way you have phrased the question I have to say no, right.
Q: And to be fair the time they have been in office?
A: One area where I feel at least some more progress should have happened was Land Acquisition Act as that’s a very important legislation which needs to be tackled.
On the other hand lots of things have actually happened. The press and even the government have done quite a good job of articulating what has been achieved.
Q: What are you most impressed with?
A: There are three-four things – (1) the cause of growth having tanked to sub 5 percent level was the paralysis in the government and it’s pretty much during those 100 plus days put an end to the paralysis (2) the environment ministry is functioning very well, things are moving, bureaucracy is delivering and (3) the Prime Minister’s Office, the PMO itself is able to move things forward.
On all those three fronts the UPA government had been faltering. On metro clearance, there is a big project that has been launched. There are about 60 clearances, 25 central, 35 state level clearances.
They are creating a single portal where you would come for a genuine single window facility – that is happening. Some of the self certification provisions been introduced for some of the labour inspections, boiler inspections you can self-certify.
Planning commission has been disbanded, the Aadhar, which everybody thought that the BJP government will do away with has been, on the contrary, retained by the initiative of the Prime Minister.
I would also put in the fact that the new government is very sympathetic to the state government changing the laws relating to the current list of the constitution and as a result my own state, Rajasthan, has moved forward with several labour reforms and they seem to be getting cleared.
Recently, there was news that the labour department of the central government had cleared these four laws and they have now gone to the home ministry for the final clearance the President signs them off.
Likewise, the state of Rajasthan also seems to be moving on Land Acquisition Act, it’s moving on to Right to Education Act and Madhya Pradesh has now joined in as well, the Cabinet has cleared some of the labour law reforms very recently.
So that is a big change from the past where the central government never gives the states that kind of freedom to change the laws on the current list.
Even though central government may not be able to claim the credit for the reforms because the lion share of the credit ought to go to the states that are doing it but without the central government giving that kind of signal those reforms would not have happened.
Q: Opinion in India is divided between two camps, one which is disappointed with the fact that Modi had come to office with a promise of big bang change and big bang reforms and the other believing that expectations ran ahead of reality and there is a small-bore strategy that Modi is adopting which may work out best for India in the long-term. Which camp do you belong to?
A: I am the third camp. At least a few things particularly the Land Acquisition Act, I would have liked to see some movement there. Even if passing the legislation may take a long time, at least some movement towards framing a bill that would come to replace the exiting one.
Q: Do you believe this government will face trouble in terms of pushing legislative changes, insurance for instance is stuck. Do you also believe that if there was more adept political manoeuvring, we could have seen the insurance bill going through? If you had offered carats to the Congress party to vote along with you, insurance would have been a done deal. Do you think there has been a ham handedness or even a sense of arrogance as far as political manoeuvring is concerned which may have cost them things like the insurance bill?
A: The PM is still at the beginning of his term, he does not want to run roughshod the opposition. His line is ‘I have to carry everybody with me’. So that is the best explanation for why the insurance bill was sent to the select committee.
There was an alternative route that they could have adopted which would have been to let the existing bill fail in the Rajya Sabha, then you reintroduce slightly different bill in the Lok Sabha, pass it there, then you let it fail in the Rajya Sabha at which point you can call the joint session of the two houses and pass it and they could have done that.
But I think at the end of the day the PM took the call, we don’t know but he took the call and said that let us not take that route. There is lot of speculation in the press that he wanted to carry this with him to the US but that is not what he did actually.
Contrary to all the speculations he actually let the bill go to the select committee which is what the Congress party had been pushing for.
Q: The sectors which we have seen action, FDI in defence being moved up from 26 percent to 49 percent, railways, FDI being opened up. But given the history of the manner in which public-private partnerships have worked out and railways in that sense really a virgin territory as far as private investment is concerned, do you believe that there will be takers?
A: We are not talking of foreign investment in laying the track, we are talking of foreign investment in maybe infrastructure and particularly the rolling stock and all.
Railways are a profitable venture, there will be some adjustment we will need on the tariffs but for that they have appointed a committee to suggest the restructuring including an important part of the mandate of the committee which will now be headed by Bibek Debroy, an excellent economist.
We will see the tariff structure emerge which would make it attractive for the private sector to participate. So I am not worried about there not being enough takers of this in the private sector.
Q: By the end of the year if you had a wish list, what is it that you would like this government to be able to achieve in terms of tangible action?
A: Tangibly, I would like some movement on the Land Acquisition Act. Also when the new budget is presented I would like to see some stronger action on the banking sector.
The banking sector is currently weak in terms of its very large number of loans being restructured and non-performing. So they need to be refinanced, they need to be re-consolidated, greater amount of equity is required.
Then I have this very long-term labour market reform agenda which is now happening through the states and hopefully in the second year enough momentum will gather at the centre, hopefully we can get some minimum reform at the labour laws at the centre also.
RELATED NEWS

Wall Street confronts people powerWall Street meets its match in people power
By Gary Silverman
Investors are making it clear they no longer think their money managers are all that smart
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/532dd280-434e-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rosneft says discovers offshore Arctic oil jointly with ExxonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi greets crowd at rock concert with  namaste   calls for world peaceModi greets crowd at rock concert with 'namaste', calls for world peace
PTI  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 07:32 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:53 IST(28/9/2014)
Comments
Using an unusual platform of a rock concert, Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked on Sunday a "can do" attitude of youth to change India and the world, while addressing a thousands-strong crowd which gathered for "Global Citizen Festival" in Central Park in New York.
After a seven-minute speech in English, Modi also read out a Sanskrit scripture calling for "peace in the world" and greeted the largely American crowd with a "Namaste" amid cheers and claps.
Watch: Modi shares stage with Hugh Jackman at Global Citizen Festival 2014
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi speaks at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at  Central Park in New York. (AP photo)
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi, left and Hugh Jackman speak at the 3rd Global Citizen Festival at  Central Park in New York. (AP photo)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi holds hands with actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi shakes hands with actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi appears on screen as he speaks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi hugs actor Hugh Jackman on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park, New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi speaks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park, New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi walks on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minster Narendra Modi waves to the crowd as actor Hugh Jackman and his wife Deborra-Lee Furness watch on stage during the Global Citizen Festival concert in Central Park, New ...
Amid performances by various singers, Modi was introduced to the crowd by actor Hugh Jackman as someone who started as a "tea salesman" and went on to become chief minister of Gujarat and then Prime Minister of India with a huge mandate.
 
Addressing the crowd, Modi also sent his "Namaste" to those watching the concert on "TVs, laptops, tablets and phones".
     
Modi said he was delighted to be among the youth in an open park and not inside a closed conference room. "Because you are the future. What you do today, will decide our tomorrow. I feel a current of hope in this park. Among you, I feel confident about the future," he said.
Read: Modi invites Indian-American business leaders to India
Hailing the Global Citizen movement to end poverty and provide education and basic sanitation to all, Modi said, "Some believe that the world changes with the wisdom of the old. I think that the idealism, innovation, energy and 'can do' attitude of the youth is even more powerful."     
"That is my hope for India too (for) 800 million youth joining hands to transform our nation," he added.
 
Modi said he decided to come to the festival to extend his support and to express his belief that youth of India can join them in this global effort.

Biyani questions rationale of investments in e-commerce spaceBiyani questions rationale of investments in e-commerce space
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 28, 2014 12:55 PM IST
Organised retail entrepreneur Kishore Biyani has questioned the rationale behind investors committing billions of dollars to India's e-commerce sector in the recent past.
The Future Group chief also expressed concern that online retailers, flush with cash, may eventually look at buying into traditional brick and mortar companies.
"These days, the media only looks at e-commerce. However, you must also ask if gross margins of any such company are positive or not. There is hope of survival for them when their gross margins are positive. I'm not saying it is sustainable or it is not sustainable," Biyani told PTI.
"They're getting private equity money in the hope that one day they'll have their own products and brands," he added.
At present, most e-tailers act as market places, selling other companies' brands and through exclusive tie-ups in certain categories.
These comments from Biyani, who is credited with making the organised retail sector a force to reckon with over the last 15 years, come within three months of online retailer Flipkart raising $1 billion in a new round of funding at an enterprise valuation of a staggering $7 billion.
The Flipkart announcement was followed up with American e-tailer Amazon's statement of committing $2 billion as investments in the country.
Experts have said that gross profit margins are low only when retailers act merely as sellers of goods manufactured by someone else, and that margins tend to increase when retailers sell their own brands.
This is one of the reasons why Biyani stepped into the FMCG sector, with his own brands and also announced that he would target sales of company-owned brands, and increase his own brands to 80 per cent by FY2020 at his retail stores.
The online medium, Biyani said, is "only technology for getting orders".

Deccani Sikhs: Punjabi by natureComments
Since the past 10 years, Sajjan Singh, an engineer in Hyderabad, has been chasing  the stories of his people, the Deccani Sikhs, and seen them disappear like rabbits down a hole — old reports commissioned by central or state minority commissions would cancel their own oral histories or only highlight part of it; new leads would pop up with the excavation of an ancient sword or a flintlock gun and be left hanging; a period-book would turn up at the Salarjung Museum in a script that he would have to learn to translate. And he would try to work out, as all minorities do, how best the history and culture of his community not only be more widely known and spoken about by the community itself, but that it should ‘appear’ in the official history of Telangana at a time when the state is charting its own.
In the 100 days following the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh, the Telangana government has been trying to redraw its priorities. A section of the population has interpreted the recently-conducted survey as one demanding proof of nativity. The small but rooted 50,000-strong Deccani Sikh community has no such qualms. They say they are “natives”, people who arrived in Hyderabad in 1832 as part of a gentleman’s agreement between two kings. “This is our home and Telangana has always treated us as its own,” says Iqbal Singh, who runs a transport business, referring to their 200-old history of habitation at Barambala, the 600-acre area where the first Sikh regiment camped as it marched into Hyderabad from Lahore on Maharaja Ranjit Singh’s orders to help the fourth Nizam on the appeal of his Punjabi Khatri prime minister, Chandu Lal.
Sajjan Singh of the Sikh Heritage Foundation- Hyderabad Deccan has been conserving manuscripts and artefacts related to Deccani Sikh culture. (Virender Singh Gosain/HT Photo)
Around 90% of Deccani Sikhs are descendants of that army. On Barambala, stands a school run by the Sikh Education Society, and a gurudwara, one of the first constructed in the Deccan. A rare lithographic Guru Granth Sahib, the holy book of the Sikhs, of Lahore lineage is kept here. Sajjan Singh’s interest in his own history, he says, began with this book as he helped in its binding and learnt to conserve it with the advice of Salarjung Museum experts.
What Deccani Sikhs now face is a peculiar situation. They are sandwiched between two identities: a) their Deccani culture with historical links to the house of the Nizam, not a popular figure with India’s political elite due to his pro-Pakistan stand at the time of independence and hence under no obligation to honour his last orders; b) and the pressure of being Sikhs outside Punjab. Being a minority among minorities, they are also on no party’s agenda. Muslims constitute 18% of the minority population of Hyderabad, Christians are 7-9% while the Sikhs are just 1%. The dominant Muslim minority gets the cream of reservations. On the other hand, the propagation of the Sikhs’ social culture, leave alone religious culture, find, if at all, intermittent political support.
Nanak Singh Nishter is a descendant of a risaldar in the Lahori fauj. (Virender Singh Gosain/HT Photo)
In 2010, the Sikligar Sikh community (the ironsmiths) was included in the Backward Class (A) category; 285 houses were built for them, but they got no government job or financial assistance. The encroachment by the Wakf Board of the 200-acre Barambala land (gifted by the Nizam, now a busy Hyderabad suburb) has meant the control of the community has dwindled to a mere 65 acres. They further allege that no government has tried reclaiming it on their behalf. Sardar Ravinder Singh, the Karimnagar mayor, a Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) man, is their sole ‘political force’. It’s a political appointment, they wish him well, but Deccani Sikhs expect nothing out of it.    
There may also be a token Superintendent of Police here and an IAS there among the Deccani Sikhs, but most members of the community are self-employed. They run small-time businesses or are drivers working their own vehicles, or, are security guards at factories, reports a study by sociologist Birinder Pal Singh of the Punjab University, Patiala. Deccani Sikhs are, thus unsurprisingly again, a mass of knotted longing and frustrations. In 2014, Telangana almost reminds them of the state of limbo that followed the annexation of the pricely state of Hyderabad into the union of India in 1948.
“We came flying 14 holy flags, we were a 14,000-strong army, we were led by Risaldars,” recites Baby Singh, a Class VII student at the Guru Nanak School, Barambala, at high pitch, as if she had just seen them charge past her school window. The Sikhs aided in tax collection, spread the Nizam’s rule in his dominions and were, by all accounts, a good bouncers-cum-peacekeeping force. “Unlike the British, the Sikhs didn’t come for war, or as refugees, we were invited,” says Yuvraj Singh, a young mechanical engineering student on the lookout for a job. “We came on horseback, we stayed on horseback.” This 19th-century adventure story went kaput in its post-colonial encounter — by 1950, the Nizam had entered the Governor’s house; his Sardars were getting out of their two-starred lapelled tunics and breeches into civvies, ready to leave the cantonment.
Mixed feelings
All the talk of missed opportunities since 1950s also reflect to the Deccani Sikhs’ other anxiety which many of them put in the language of demand. They are proud of being Deccani, but they also want an acknowledgement of their ‘cultural loss’ and a separation from latter-day Sikh migrants, the Punjabi Sikhs who settled in Telangana post-partition, or came here to escape the 1980s riots after Indira Gandhi’s assassination.
Sarjit Singh, a retired bank employee, the Sikh representative in the state minority commission (erstwhile Andhra Pradesh called it the Minority Finance Corporation), for example, says he is now an office-bearer without an office and a salary. “100 days of the TRS government are over but the status of the body is ambiguous”, he says. “A `1,000-crore/ year fund is allotted for minorities but the breakup per community is unclear. I spent `1 lakh out of my own pocket to go on tours, visit gurudwaras in disturbed areas… Who will give us compensation? We came here from Lahore and lost our culture, our practice of spoken (Punjabi) language.”
Sikh policemen were part of the Nizam’s law and order machinery. (Virender Singh Gosain/HT Photo)
Deccani Sikh households speak a mix of Hindu-Urdu are fluent in Telegu; Sajjan Singh’s wife, a bank official, even got a chance to be a Telegu news reader on TV. The women wear bindis and saris, though the preference for salwar kameez has begun to catch on. The higher economic profile of the Punjabi Sikhs has triggered at the same time, a protectiveness towards their own regional identity but also a watchfulfulness towards their upwardly mobile brethren from Punjab who are equally isolationist in their attitude. Pal’s study reveals that Hyderabad’s Punjabi Sikhs maintain a “hardbound glossy directory with complete contact details of their businesses” excluding the details about Deccani Sikhs and their businesses.
A group of young Deccani Sikhs list the following differences in all seriousness and state why these are reasons enough against intra-marriage: “We follow a line, we are hardcore Sikhs. In Punjab, if they feel like dancing, they dance, they drink”; “We never allow Sikhs with trimmed beards inside the gurudwara;” “We may read the Guru Granth Sahib in Hindi and they might know Gurumukhi but we are more attached to the Sikh tenets”; “Our food can’t do without imli; they make khatti dal in amchoor…” Their relationship with Punjab and mainstream Punjabi culture is, thus,  complicated. They watch Punjabi films and TV serials, but have no family there nor any special desire to relocate there. (Only two students in a class in the Guru Nanak School said they have visited Punjab). They acknowledge the importance of the Golden Temple but want to stay away from Shirmonani Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC) politics. “The SGPC tries to capture gurudwaras of Maharashtra and Hyderabad,” says a Deccani Sikh on the condition of anonymity. “They have a `800 crore-annual budget. But no funds for scholarship or grants for schools come our way.”
“We want reservation, we want Baisakhi declared a state holiday,” says Kunal Singh, a bank employee. “Deccani Sikhs are cremated at Hindu cremation grounds. We want our own graveyard,” he adds when another young Sikh shuts him up with a cackle referring to a member of their community. “That Darshan Singh Rajan, ever since he got a vehicle fitted with Gurbani cassettes to take people to the funeral ghat, two people have been dying every week!” No population to speak of and how we go on about having our own crematorium...”

Occupy Central launches HK protestHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

October 15 polls: Haryana heavyweights see assets zoom in 5 years3
0
Chandigarh: As they try their luck at the hustings, fortune has surely favoured some of the prominent leaders in Haryana, including Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and HJC's Kuldeep Bishnoi, since the 2009 polls with a manifold increase in their assets.
Bishnoi, the Haryana Janhit Congress president and son of former Haryana chief minister Bhajan Lal, saw his assets grow by a whopping 363 per cent since the last Assembly elections in Haryana in 2009.
In the affidavit filed for the upcoming polls, Bishnoi, who is contesting the October 15 polls from the Adampur seat, has declared his assets of Rs 80.11 crore as against Rs 17.30 crore at the time of the last state polls.
For the Assembly polls in 2009, Hooda had declared assets worth Rs 2.70 crore.
#haryana #haryana assembly elections 2014 #assets #bhupinder singh hooda
Chief Minister Hooda, who is eyeing a third straight term, has witnessed an almost four-fold jump in assets which are valued now at Rs 8.82 crore as per the affidavit filed along with his nomination papers for the Garhi Sampla Kiloi seat.
For the Assembly polls in 2009, Hooda had declared assets worth Rs 2.70 crore.
Savitri Jindal, the 64-year-old Congress candidate from Hisar Assembly constituency whom 'Forbes' magazine has named India's richest woman has declared assets worth Rs 113.27 crore, up by 159 per cent from Rs 43.68 crore during the 2009 Assembly polls.
The wealthiest candidate in the fray is Haryana Jan Chetna Party (HJCP) chief Venod Sharma, whose total assets were declared to be worth Rs 153.13 crore. Bishnoi's HJC has joined hands with HJCP after parting ways with BJP.
Sharma's assets grew by 75 per cent over what he had declared in the last polls. After having floated HJCP, Sharma, once a close confidant of Hooda, is contesting from the Ambala City seat.
Among his assets, Sharma has shown property, including residential, commercial and agriculture land, in New Delhi, Ambala, Kullu, Chandigarh, Solan and Manali.
Another well-known player in state politics, Haryana Lokhit Party chief Gopal Goyal Kanda, has declared assets worth Rs 114.75 crore, a jump of 82 per cent up from the Rs 63.15 crore announced in 2009.
4

O Panneerselvam named Tamil Nadu s new Chief Minister  to take oath on MondaySep 28, 2014 at  06:59pm IST
O Panneerselvam named Tamil Nadu's new Chief Minister, to take oath on Monday
5
3
Chennai: O Panneerselvam has succeeded All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK)) chief as Tamil Nadu's new Chief Minister. He will take oath as the CM at 11 am on Monday.
The decision to appoint Panneerselvam as the CM was taken at a meeting of AIADMK MLAs at the party headquarters in Chennai on Sunday where his name was proposed for the top post.
Soon after his appointment, Paneerselvam, who is currently Tamil Nadu's Finance Minister, drove to Raj Bhavan to call on Governor Rosaiah to convey the party's decision. He was accompanied by Housing minister R Vaithilingam, Electricity Minister Natham Viswanathan and Highway Minister Edappadi Palanisamy.
#o panneerselvam #jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #disproportionate assets
The 63-year-old belongs to the dominant Mudukulathor community and is a trusted lieutenant of Jayalalithaa.
The crucial decision to name Jayalalithaa's successor was taken as the AIADMK chief was on Saturday convicted and sentenced for four years in the Rs 66.65 crore illegal asset case.
He had been camping in Bangalore since Saturday when Jayalalithaa travelled there for the verdict in the disproportionate asset case and returned to Chennai on Sunday to take up the new responsibility as per her direction.
Apart from Panneerselvam, Natham Viswanathan, V Senthil Balaji, former Chief Secretary and Advisor to Tamil Nadu government Sheela Balakrishnan were the other probable names doing the rounds for the top post.
Earlier in 2001 too, when the Supreme Court struck down her appointment as Chief Minister following her conviction in TANSI land case, she had made her loyal aide and then not-so-known face Panneerselvam as her successor to power.
Described as "Mr Faithful", the soft spoken and suave leader literally functioned as "interm-chief minister" for about six months and duly vacated the post after Jayalalithaa was acquitted in the case.
9

Wave City Center organises investor forumWave City Center organises investor forum
PTI
Noida, Sep 28:  
Wave City Center today organised an Investors Forum to boost investor confidence in the real estate sector.
The Investors Forum was addressed by the Sales and Marketing trainer Roman Bodnarchuk and Taxation expert Abhishek Batra.
Speaking at the forum Bodnarchuk said, “Real estate is a lucrative investment avenue which will yield high appreciation. The forum has been organised to encourage real estate investors to put their money strategically which will help them earn maximum return on their investment.”
While, Batra at the forum talked about the tax implications on sale and purchase of real estate property.
At the forum, Wave Infratech also gave details about their township project — Wave City Center in Noida. The investors were also informed about the residential projects— Amore, Trucia, Vasilia and Irenia and the retail complex — MetroMart at the township.
Wave City Center is mixed—use residential and commercial development spread over 152 acres of land in of Noida, including studio apartments, office complexes, mall & multiplexes and various other residential and commercial projects.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Day 2 in prison: Jayalalithaa begins day with morning walk; not allowed to meet visitorsJayalalithaa has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison which is next to the women's barrack. (Source: File photo PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 28, 2014 6:13 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 6:46 pm
Spending her second day in prison,  J Jayalalithaa, convicted and sent to prison for four years by a special court here in a disproportionate assets case, began her day early on Sunday with a morning walk.
Jayalalithaa, who is now prisoner number 7402 at the Parappana Agrahara central prison here, began her day around 5:30 am, and took a stroll within the premises of the jail, prison sources said.
The 66-year-old three-time chief minister read three Tamil and two English newspapers and after that she had her breakfast brought from outside the jail, they said.
Jayalalithaa has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison which is next to the women’s barrack.
Sources said Ministers and leaders of the party including former Chief Minister and the newly elected leader of the legislature O Panneerselvam were not allowed to meet Jayalalithaa as no visitors are allowed inside the prison on Sundays.
According to sources, Jayalalithaa was served dinner the jail authorities on Saturday night but she is said to have refused it and took fruits instead.
Other convicts Sasikala Natarajan, Illavarasi and Sudhakaran have been given prisoner numbers 7403, 7404 and 7405 respectively.
Sudhakaran has been allocated a VIP cell next to former Karnataka Tourism Minister and Mining baron G Janardhana Reddy.
Meanwhile, a group of Jayalalithaa supporters and party workers marched towards the jail seeking an opportunity to meet their leader but they were stopped by police officials on their way.
On being asked about Karnataka being blamed for Jayalalithaa’s conviction by some quarters, state Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said, “Karnataka has nothing to do with it (judgement). The case proceedings against Jayalalithaa took place in Karnataka following the judgment from the Supreme Court.”
“Adequate security arrangements and police bandobast have been made to see that no untoward incident takes place. We will see to it that there is no incident of violence,” he added.

Sure of Centre s support after Modi s reference to floods in UNGA address: Omar Abdullah27
0
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Sunday said he has no doubt that his flood-hit state will get the Centre's support in reconstruction works as Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a pointed reference to the natural calamity in his address to the UN General Assembly.
"I have no doubt that given @PMOIndia pointed reference to helping flood victims of Kashmir in @UNGA address, we will get support," the Chief Minister wrote on micro-blogging site twitter.
Omar said his government is preparing a memorandum of losses which will be submitted to the Centre for assistance in reconstruction of areas affected in the floods, in which Srinagar has been the worst hit.
Omar said Rs 75,000 was not the final relief amount to be paid to the affected people of the state.
#jammu and kashmir #unga #narendra modi #omar abdullah
"Memo to be sent to GoI is being readied," he wrote. Omar also expressed hope that the Centre will relax the norms of State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) for the flood victims of the state.
"In 2005 Uri quake, it was 1.3 Lac and 2010 Leh cloudburst, 2.5 Lac. So how can Srinagar get 75K in 2014?" he asked.
Omar said Rs 75,000 was not the final relief amount to be paid to the affected people of the state.
"Can't understand this deliberate attempt to use twitter to spread lies -- 75,000 is NOT the final figure for compensation for houses. I've said this countless times since the floods -- it's INTERIM relief based on the ceiling under SDRF norms pending final package," he added.

Delhi government conducts drive against hoarding  malpracticesSep 28, 2014 at 06:27pm IST
Delhi government conducts drive against hoarding, malpractices
8
1
New Delhi: In view of the festive season, Delhi government has intensified its drive against hoarding of essential commodities, their blackmarketing, overcharging consumers and other such malpractices by wholesalers and retailers.
"As part of the drive, 25 teams raided 180 premises in different parts of the national capital in the last two days. During the drive, the teams visited several warehouses of edible oils, pulses, rice, potato cold storages and major wholesale markets," said Food, Supplies and Consumer Affairs Commissioner Sajjan Singh Yadav.
The department is keeping a strict vigil on the prices of essential commodities which show an upward trend every festive season.
The department is keeping a strict vigil on the prices of essential commodities which show an upward trend every festive season.
#delhi #delhi government #festive season #festivals
Yadav also said that during the drive, departmental teams prosecuted 51 traders for various offences under the Legal Metrology Act.
"These included 41 prosecutions for use of non certified scales, 6 for non-production of verification certificate and 8 for non display of verification certificate in the business premises. Apart from that, 44 traders were also prosecuted for violation under the Packaged Commodity Rules, 2011. These included 21 prosecutions for non display or faulty display of Maximum Retail Price on the package, and 16 for not mentioning date of manufacturing on the package," Yadav said.
He also said that the violators, on conviction by the court of law, may face imprisonment up to 6 months or fine up to Rs 15,000 or both.
"The raids against hoarders, black marketers and traders found cheating consumers by use of non certified scales or manipulation/non display of information on packaged commodities will continue in the coming days. Strict action will be taken against such people and no one found indulging in such practices will be spared," Yadav further added.
2

MH17 Families Demand $1.3 Million Per Victimmh17 families demand $1.3 million per victim
Goldman in stock trading curb on bankersGoldman in stock trading curb on bankers
By Tom Braithwaite in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a327e6be-45c8-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quest for online security to end in tearsTracks of our tears could hold key to cyber security
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b145bb98-404d-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Activist urges Yahoo to merge with AOLActivist urges Yahoo to merge with AOL
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/efdffd50-459d-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hundreds of Flights Cancelled After Fire at Chicago FAA Centerhundreds of flights cancelled after fire at chicago faa center
Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu after Jayalalithaas convictionViolence erupts in Tamil Nadu after Jayalalithaa’s conviction
PTI
The remains of a bus which was set on fire following violence which erupted in the wake of the verdict against Jayalalithaa, at Kammalapalayam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday. Photo: D. Gopalakrishnan
Chennai, Sept 27:  
Violence broke out in several parts of Tamil Nadu today after Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was convicted in a graft case, with angry AIADMK supporters indulging in stone pelting and arson and forcing closure of shops.
Tension prevailed as protesters burnt effigies of DMK President M Karunanidhi, his sons M K Stalin and M K Alagiri and tore party posters in various places, including in Chennai and Madurai.
While some protesters pelted stones at the residence of BJP leader Subramanian Swamy, DMK and AIADMK supporters clashed at Gopalapuram here.
A State-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and some 20 buses damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district, police said.
Stone-pelting incidents were reported in Ambattur here, Edapadi in Salem district, Cuddalore, and in Srirangam, Jayalalithaa’s Assembly constituency, police said.
Shops and commercial establishments downed shutters in various parts of the State.
Protesters also damaged two-wheelers parked alongside roads in Madurai, they said.
In Chennai, effigies of DMK leaders were burnt in the Poes Garden area.
In Madurai, AIADMK men blocked traffic and asked shops and business houses to close their units.
Police said some shops were ransacked and stones pelted in Tiruchirapalli and Dindigul.
Security personnel in large numbers have been posted to maintain law and order, police said.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Jayalalithaa case verdict fallout: Panneerselvam is new Tamil Nadu chief ministerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

News Guide: A Japanese Volcano Turns DeadlyAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Day 2 in prison: Jayalalithaa begins day with morning walk; not allowed to meetvisitorsJayalalithaa has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison which is next to the women's barrack. (Source: File photo PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 28, 2014 6:13 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 6:46 pm
Spending her second day in prison,  J Jayalalithaa, convicted and sent to prison for four years by a special court here in a disproportionate assets case, began her day early on Sunday with a morning walk.
Jayalalithaa, who is now prisoner number 7402 at the Parappana Agrahara central prison here, began her day around 5:30 am, and took a stroll within the premises of the jail, prison sources said.
The 66-year-old three-time chief minister read three Tamil and two English newspapers and after that she had her breakfast brought from outside the jail, they said.
Jayalalithaa has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison which is next to the women’s barrack.
Sources said Ministers and leaders of the party including former Chief Minister and the newly elected leader of the legislature O Panneerselvam were not allowed to meet Jayalalithaa as no visitors are allowed inside the prison on Sundays.
According to sources, Jayalalithaa was served dinner the jail authorities on Saturday night but she is said to have refused it and took fruits instead.
Other convicts Sasikala Natarajan, Illavarasi and Sudhakaran have been given prisoner numbers 7403, 7404 and 7405 respectively.
Sudhakaran has been allocated a VIP cell next to former Karnataka Tourism Minister and Mining baron G Janardhana Reddy.
Meanwhile, a group of Jayalalithaa supporters and party workers marched towards the jail seeking an opportunity to meet their leader but they were stopped by police officials on their way.
On being asked about Karnataka being blamed for Jayalalithaa’s conviction by some quarters, state Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said, “Karnataka has nothing to do with it (judgement). The case proceedings against Jayalalithaa took place in Karnataka following the judgment from the Supreme Court.”
“Adequate security arrangements and police bandobast have been made to see that no untoward incident takes place. We will see to it that there is no incident of violence,” he added.

Jaya s trusted aide Panneerselvam sworn as Tamil Nadu s new chief ministerYou are here: Home > Collections
Jayalalithaa's trusted aide Panneerselvam sworn as Tamil Nadu's new chief minister
V Prem Shanker, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 04.15AM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(Described as "Mr Faithful",…)
CHENNAI: When J Jayalalithaa's tried and trusted political lieutenant O Panneerselvam takes oath as Tamil Nadu chief minister on Monday, he has his first task cut out: to "move heaven and earth" to secure bail for his party supremo currently lodged in a Bangalore prison after being convicted in a disproportionate assets case.
Party sources told ET that their legal team was doing everything possible to get the Chief Justice of the Karnataka high court to convene a special bench to hear Jayalalithaa's bail petition in HC on Monday or Tuesday. Noted lawyer and former Union law minister Ram Jethmalani is likely to appear on behalf of Jaya in HC. As an immediate relief, Jaya will first seek bail which will be followed by an appeal against the judgment.
In Chennai, a team of glumfaced MLAs — a few even wailing — signed on the dotted line at a meeting in the party HQ on Sunday evening electing finance m i n i s t e r Panneerselvam as the legislative party leader.
AIADMK sources said the swearing in will be a sombre affair. "The effort will be to finish off the ceremony as soon as possible to send a strong message to the cadres that Panneerselvam is just a substitute till Amma returns," a party functionary told ET.
This would be the second time that Panneerselvam gets sworn in as the CM. Jaya had handed over the responsibility to him in 2001 following her conviction in the TANSI land case. Back home in Periyakulam, Theni district, where Panneerselvam grew up, stories of his humility and valour began doing the rounds all over again. Damodaran, a classmate and close friend of Panneerselvam, said: "He has remained humble and loyal all his life to the party and its leader." Damodaran is the local leader of an MGR Forum attached to AIADMK in Periayakulam.
"Panneerselvam has always risen to the occasion. When a local tank had breached, Panneerselvam as a young lad had then led a team with all of us to plug the breach. Even a couple of months ago when he witnessed a road accident on the highway between Trichy and Chennai, OP took the victim in his car and got her admitted at the hospital," Damodaran added.
Panneerselvam's father Ottakara Thevar was a farmer and ran a tea shop in Pariyakulam town in Theni district. OP completed his schooling and graduation in Periayakulam and while helping out his father in the Tea shop, he was actively involved in political work. He started small as the party's ward councillor and went on to become Periyakulam Municipality Chairman. He grew through the ranks and became MLA for Pe r i yakulam Constituency in 2001. His fortunes looked up when he came to the attention of TTV Dinakaran, nephew of Jaya's close aide Sasikala.
In 2001, when Jayalalithaa had to step down over a corruption case, she had appointed Panneerselvam as her stand-in. He was "shell-shocked" over the announcement. But his work as a substitute in running a proxy government has clearly impressed the party chief enough to give him a second opportunity now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIVE: Packed crowd at Madison Square for Narendra ModisaddressPrime Minister Narendra Modi gestures while addressing the audience at Madison Square Garden. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:47 pm
After delivering a power-packed speech at UNGA, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a packed Madison Square, New York on Sunday morning.
Thousands of Indian-American supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi were seen lining up excitedly outside the iconic Madison Square Garden to listen to his eagerly awaited speech.
Indian-American men, women and children wearing colourful Indian attire have gathered to greet the prime minister since early morning to hear him speak with long lines of people waiting to enter the venue.
Modi’s fans were seen carrying the Indian tricolour and wore traditional Indian garb with several groups of performers carrying drums and ‘dhols’ to give him a rousing welcome.
Follow all the live updates here.
8.26 pm: Miss America Nina Davuluri is MC for this event.
8.28 pm: The event kicked off with artists performing a number from Sharukh Kahn’s ‘Chakde India’ and Bruce Springsteen’s classic ‘Born in the USA’.
8.30 pm: On stage, are artists performing Gujarati folk dance.
8.43 pm: Playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy begins her performance with “I Love My India”.
9.00 pm: Members of Alliance for Justice and Accountablity holding a protest against Prime Minister Narendra Modi outside Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday.
(Source: PTI)
9.10 pm:  Supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi fill Madison Square Garden before before a reception by the Indian community in honor of Modi’s visit to the United States, Sunday.
9.15 pm: A painter creates a portrait of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi onstage as singer singer Kavitha Krishnamurthy, far left, performs during a reception by the Indian community in honor of the prime minister’s visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden.
9.30 pm: Traditional dancers perform during a reception by the Indian community in honor of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden.
9.42 pm: Modi arrives at Madison Square to a rousing reception by the crowd. Chants of “Modi, Modi…” ring through the 18,000 capacity stadium.
9.44 pm: The Indian anthem was sung by Kavita Krishnamurthy.
9.50 pm: Modi wishes every Indian a Happy Navaratri.
9.54 pm: There was a time when India was considered a land of snake charmers,thanks to you people and Information technology that the perception about our country has changed: PM Narendra Modi.
9.55 pm: Unlike our ancestors we play with mouse (referring to computers and IT), says Modi.
10.00 pm: I convey my thanks to all those who came to India during election campaign, says Modi.
10.05 pm: There is an atmosphere of hope and enthusiasm. India wants change, says Modi.
10.06 pm: 
We will be successful is fulfilling the aspirations of the people: PM Narendra Modi in New York City
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.08 pm: India has immense capabilities and possibilities, says Modi.
10.12 pm:
Winning elections is not about any post or chair. It is a responsibility. Since taking over, I haven’t even taken a 15 min vacation: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.15 pm: I might live miles away from you, But I do understand your issues: PM Modi.
10.22 pm:
Mahatma Gandhi made the freedom struggle a mass movement. Every Indian felt that yes, I am also a part of the freedom struggle: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.26 pm:
World will not have enough young people to work. We will cater to the manpower requirement: @narendramodi #namoInMadison
— The Indian Express (@IndianExpress) September 28, 2014
10.28 pm: For us, it took only Rs 7 per km to reach Mars, says Narendra Modi.
10.30 pm: We have given importance to skill development. We created a separate Ministry for skill development, says Modi.
10.34 pm:
— The Indian Express (@IndianExpress) September 28, 2014
10.36 pm:
I request you all to look at MyGov. Please visit the website and see how you can get involved: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.40 pm: Cleanliness of river Ganga is necessary, says Narendra Modi from Madison Square.
10.45 pm: PIO card holders – they have lot of visa issues. We decided they will get lifelong visas, says Modi.
10.50 pm:
Those who stay in India for long have to go to police stations too. They won’t have to do that now: PM on issues of PIO card holders
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
11.00 pm: Modi concludes his speech saying “Bharat Mata Ki Jai!”.
Excitement builds up at Madison Square before Modi’s speech.

Full House at Madison Square; 18000 audiences for PMSep 29, 2014, 07.49 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
PM Modi addresses NRIs at Madison Square Garden
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the NRIs at the Madison Square Garden. This is the first ever public address by an Indian PM in New York.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PM Modi addresses NRIs at Madison Square Garden
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the NRIs at the Madison Square Garden. This is the first ever public address by an Indian PM in New York.
Post your opinion here
10.40 pm: India has the capability to lead world from the front, says Modi
10.35 pm: India has got the potential to grow & prosper as a country, says Modi
10.30 pm: Democracy is one of India's greatest powers, says Narendra Modi
10.15 pm: India's biggest strength is its youth, says PM Modi
10.07 pm: The world admits that the 21st century belongs to Asia.
9.57 pm: Modi thanks NRIs for changing India's image abroad.
9.53 pm: Modi wishes a Happy Navaratri to all Indians listening to his speech.
9.35 pm: PM Modi to address NRIs at Madison Square Garden shortly.
9.30 pm: PM Modi at Madison Square Garden.
8.50 pm: Modi will be speaking from a huge rotating platform.
8.30 pm: First ever public address by an Indian PM in New York.
8.00 pm: Modi's speech expected to be one hour long
6.00 pm: Nearly 20,000 people line up to hear Modi's speech.
5.00 pm: Historic moment awaits Madison Square as Modi set to address Indian diaspora.
RELATED NEWS
READ MORE ON   Madison Square , Modi
ADS BY GOOGLE

Live: Laser show  rotating stage  acrobatics  Madison Square Garden set to welcome PM Modi8:23 am: 
8:23 am: 
7:09 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for India after his five-day visit to the US. He said, "Thank you America". "I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
11:58 pm: Agreed to create energy innovation laboratories in India, also agreed to upgrade our national parks-Vikram Doraiswami: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:43 pm: 
11:38 pm: PM Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King Memorial, the leader of African-American Civil Rights Movement: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
11:38 pm: US Vice President Joe Biden: Our ties have grown enormously #ModiMeetsObama
11:34 pm: John Kerry: India, US are two countries who begin Constitution with "We the People". we share the same economic and political imperatives. We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India's development & what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath.
11:30 pm: India-US to work together on disrupting financial & tactical support for LeT, JeM, D-company & Haqqani network. #ModiMeetsObama
11:29 pm: John Kerry: Mr PM, no matter how our warm our welcome here we are not going to be able to top the Madison Square Garden reception. #ModiMeetsObama
11:22 pm: India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India : MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:08 pm: I have extended an invitation to President Obama and his family to visit India: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:07 pm: The issue of climate change is a priority for both India and US: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:05 pm: 
11:04 pm: After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth - PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:02 pm: We had an open discussion on WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:57 pm: US President Obama: I am impressed with how PM Modi is working for the poorest of the poor and revitalising the economy. #ModiMeetsObama
10:56 pm: US President Obama : Discussed trade issues, maritime rules, fight against Islamic State with PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:54 pm: US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University. #ModiMeetsObama
10:53 pm: PM Modi: India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for further 10 years #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: PM Modi: I sought support fro President Obama for greater access to India's service companies #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
10:51 pm: PM Modi: I want to welcome US defence companies to boost our defence industry #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: PM Modi: I look forward to receive Obama and his family in India #ModiMeetsObama
10:48 pm: PM Modi: PM: We shared our concern over Ebola virus crisis #ModiMeetsObama
10:47 pm: We are both serious about resolving issues related to civil nuclear deal, it's important for India's energy security: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:46 pm: I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: We decided to deepen our existing ties with India: US President Barack Obama #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: Glad to meet Obama, thank him for his hospitality: PM Narendra Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:43 pm: We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism: Obama after meeting Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:39 pm: 
10:20 pm: PM Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:59 pm: India and US agree to extend their defence agreement for 10 years, say Pentagon sources: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:29 pm: President Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:28 pm: Modi, Obama both no-nonsense guys, they don't care about ceremonial things: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:27 pm: Strobe Talbott, President, Brookings Institution: Keen to know if India will back US action against ISIS #ModiMeetsObama
8:43 pm: PM Narendra Modi, US President Barack Obama to issue a joint statement shortly. #ModiMeetsObama
8:34 pm: 
8:29 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches White House for bilateral meet with President Barack Obama. #ModiMeetsObama
7:12 pm: 

Franklin India Prima: InvestTweet
The fund takes a low risk route to mid-cap returns
The mid-cap pack has rallied well over the past one year. But mid-cap indices are yet to touch their all-time highs, in contrast to their large-cap counterparts.
Among the relatively safer and steadier schemes in the mid-cap space, Franklin India Prima is a quality name where investment can be considered with a time horizon of at least five years.
It reduces risks by taking diffused exposure to individual stocks and sectors as well as by taking cash calls. The fund also adds some large-caps to its portfolio to tone down the risk profile, though the proportion is kept to less than 15 per cent most of the times.
By investing in a combination of value and momentum stocks, it has delivered above-average returns over the long term. Franklin India Prima may not be the best, but it usually beats the category average and stays in the top-to-mid rankings of mid-cap funds.
Over one-, three- and five-year timeframes, the scheme has outperformed its benchmark — the CNX 500 by 10-12 percentage points. It has also convincingly beaten the BSE Mid-cap index. In the last three years, the fund has delivered compounded annual returns of 30.4 per cent, which is higher than IDFC Sterling Equity, DSPBR Small and Midcap and BNP Paribas Mid-cap.
Investors can use the scheme as a diversifier . The SIP (systematic investment plan) route, too, can be used.
Portfolio and strategy
Franklin India Prima tends to play it safe. Exposure to individual stocks is generally restricted to 3-4 per cent even for its top holdings. It maintains a portfolio of over 50 stocks.
The fund has ensured adequate participation during market rallies and has managed to contain downsides quite well. The scheme also keeps 7-9 per cent of its portfolio in cash and debt.
The fund has maximum holding of banking stocks, though, exposure has been trimmed in the last one year. The fund had increased exposure to auto ancillary and industrial products stocks over the past year, thus gaining from their rally.
Software and pharma are other key holdings as the mid-cap stocks in these segments still offer reasonable value picks and are expected to be helped by a relatively stable rupee against the dollar.
YES Bank, Finolex Cables, Pidilite Industries, Amara Raja Batteries, Mindtree, Federal Bank and Torrent Pharmaceuticals are some of the fund’s top holdings.
Franklin India Prima has delivered compounded annual returns of over 21 per cent over its nearly 21-year history.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

RBI may not cut rates as inflation still high | Fed sees economic recoveryReserve Bank of India may not cut interest rates as inflation levels still high
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 03.02PM IST
Tags:
Bank of Baroda
("It (SLR cut) could probably…)
MUMBAI: With retail inflation continuing to remain at elevated level, the Reserve Bank is unlikely to cut interest rates in its upcoming monetary policy review this week.
The RBI will unveil its fourth bi-monthly policy on September 30.
Although consumer price index (CPI), which the central bank is monitoring closely, has shown a declining trend in the past few months, the levels are still out of its comfort zone.
RBI has set a glide path for CPI inflation at 8 per cent by January 15 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
Retail inflation or CPI eased to 7.8 per cent in August from 8.59 per cent in April.
Wholesale price index (WPI) inflation has also eased, although more sharply, to 3.74 per cent in August from 5.55 per cent at the start of the current fiscal.
Banking experts however still believe that it may not be time for rate cut yet.
State Bank of India chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said: "RBI is likely keep interest rate unchanged."
Echoing the similar view, Bank of Baroda Executive Director Rajan Dhawan told PTI: "I think RBI would not change interest rate in the policy review because of inflation overhang."
Credit rating agency Care Rating said RBI has less room to cut policy rates on September 30 as there remains an upward threats to inflation going ahead.
"Given the economic parameters of improving growth of 5.7 per cent (Q1 FY15) GDP and elevated retail inflation on the back of potential threats to inflation going ahead, we do not foresee any room for a rate cut in the upcoming policy announcement," Care said in a report.
In a hint to the market that the cut in interest rates is still far away, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had recently said there was a need to 'break the back' of inflation which remains high.
"The real problem is inflation that is persistent. We have been emphasising again and again in order to 'break the back' of inflation, we got to break this persistence," Rajan had said at an event.
Rajan had said that RBI will be in a much more comfortable position once inflation is contained.
"I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when feasible. It will be feasible when we would have won the fight against inflation," he had said at a banking event earlier this month.
Canara Bank chairman and managing director R K Dubey said RBI will lower the rates only if inflation comes down consistently for a few months.
"So, I expect some change in rates only by January," Dubey said.
Market participants, however, will closely watch the tone of the monetary policy.
In the last monetary policy review in August, RBI, for the third consecutive time, left the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent.
It, however, lowered the Statutory Liquidity Ratio, the portion of deposits that banks are required to keep in government bonds, by 0.5 per cent to 22 per cent from 22.5 per cent to unlock about Rs 40,000 crore into the system.
According to Care Rating, RBI may not cut SLR on September 30 but even if it slashes SLR it won't come as a surprise.
"It (SLR cut) could probably be a part of the long term goal of lowering the SLR rather than a short term measure," Care Rating said.
Indian Banks Association chief executive M V Tanksale said there was no need for a SLR cut now as credit pick up is slow and also there was no urgent need of liquidity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Campaign to mark World Rabies DayCampaign to mark World Rabies Day
PTI
Tweet
Jamshedpur, Sep 28:  
Jamshedpur Utility and Services Company (JUSCO) and Association for Prevention and Control of Rabies in India (APCRI) on Sunday launched an awareness campaign to mark the ‘World Rabies Day’ today.
Over 200 students and teachers from Jusco School along with officials of JUSCO and APCRI participated in the rally that was taken out in the city in the morning.
The awareness programme would continue as APCRI has plans to cover 32,000 students, doctors, and veterinary doctors to train them about the menace, said Dr. K K Singh, In-charge of the Tata Rabies Project.
Singh, also the in-charge of APCRI Eastern India, said the country accounts for about one-third of the global burden and two-thirds of the Asian burden of human rabies and exposure of dogs accounted for most of these human rabies deaths in the country.
As per the World Health Organization estimates, he said, the number of deaths due to human rabies was estimated to be around 20,000 per year and the maximum number of death in the world due to human rabies (36 per cent) were reported in India, he said adding that the figure was declining in the last few years.
The motive behind the program was to create awareness among people and train them to take necessary precautionary measures in dog bite cases, he said.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

US eyes defence  aerospace deals worth $3-5 bn with India | CoverageAdobe
(Sources familiar with the…)
NEW YORK: As Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets top government officials and business leaders in the US, about half a dozen large American corporations are pitching for deals worth $ 3-5 billion in defence and aerospace sectors, while many have expressed interest to partner in projects related to smart cities and digital India.
Broader contours of these potential deals are likely to be discussed in Washington where Modi would reach tomorrow evening as part of his five-day US visit ending on September 30.
Sources familiar with the matter said that companies interested in defence deals including for military helicopters include Boeing, Lockheed Martin , General Electric and Raytheon.
Besides many technology giants such as Google , IBM , Adobe and Cognizant are also believed to have expressed intention in partnering the government's smart cities and digital India projects, among others.
Many other companies including Pepsico and consumer product majors are also likely to extend their support for projects like clean India and other ventures, sources said.
The Prime Minister held discussions with a group of top Indian-Americans, including business leaders, and they were invited to India to teach business and entrepreneurship.
Modi's visit also comes at a time when his government is looking to attract more foreign investment as part of efforts to bolster the country's economy.
To boost the manufacturing sector in the country, Indian government has recently launched the 'Make in India' campaign.
Modi has a power-packed schedule of business meetings during his visit and during his interactions with top American corporate executives, he would be rolling out his policy of "red carpet and not red tape" to invite them to come, invest and make in India.
Among others, the 'My Govt Digital Platform' initiative was launched in July with an aim to help citizens contribute in governance by giving their views on important issues.
The Prime Minister is set to hold discussions with more than 15 top American corporate honchos, including top executives of Google, Boeing and General Electric, here tomorrow.
Besides, Modi would be participating in a business meet, to be organised by the US-India Business Council (USIBC), expected to be attended by 300-400 businessmen in Washington on September 30.
The visit is expected to further boost Indo-US trade ties. The value of trade between the two countries stood at nearly $ 64 billion in 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panneerselvam  a man of humble beginnings rewarded for loyaltyPanneerselvam, a man of humble beginnings rewarded for loyalty
Press Trust of India | Chennai Sep 28, 2014 07:35 PM IST
Once a tea stall owner, Jayalalithaa's trusted lieutenant O Panneerselvam is set to become Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for the second time since 2001, when he made his Assembly debut.
The 63-year-old leader from Thevar community held two key portfolios of Finance and Public Works in the Jayalalithaa Ministry.
J Jayalalithaa had taken everyone by surprise by handpicking him to fill her shoes in 2001 when she had to step down due to her conviction in TANSI land scam. The staunch Jayalalithaa loyalist chose not to function from the chair on which his 'revered' leader sat while he performed the role of the nightwatchman. He duly vacated the post after Jayalalithaa was acquitted in the case.
But this time his selection was expected by many after she was sent to jail in a graft case as the stature of the leader, known for his unflinching devotion to Jayalalithaa, has grown in the party over the years.
It was in September 2001 that he was sworn-in as Chief Minister for the first time and it is in the same month in 2014, when the lady luck has smiled again on him.
But he has a more challenging task at hand this time as the much-adored "Amma" Jayalalithaa stands disqualified as an MLA following her conviction and four-year imprisonment in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate wealth case by a Bangalore court yesterday and faces and uncertain political future while the party has to prepare for assembly elections in 18 months.
Incidentally, Panneerselvam is the first man from the Thevar community to become the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
Representing Bodinayakanur Assembly constituency in Theni District in the current assembly, Pannerselvam has risen from humble origins. His family still owns a tea stall he once ran.
He was also an agriculturist and began his political career when he was elected to Periyakulam Municipality. He went on to become its Chairman during 1996-2001.
A graduate, he was elected to the state assembly in the 2001 elections and straight away was made the Revenue Minister by Jayalalithaa.
Panneerselvam has also served as the leader of the AIADMK legislative party and the Leader of the Opposition in the state Assembly for about two weeks, after the party lost the assembly elections in May 2006.

Narendra Modi to hit venue of John Lennons last concert and Ali-Frazier first boutNarendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 19:24 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:24 IST(29/9/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi finally got to thank his NRI (Non-Resident Indians) constituency for their support in getting him elected. And they finally got to see the man they had waited so long to see as Prime Minister.
  
Play Pause
Attendees stand as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives to speak at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Supporters wave an Indian flag as PM Modi prepares to give a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks to supporters during a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
A crowd of US-based supporters await the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
Dancers perform before India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the US. (Reuters Photo)
An artist carries Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait after making it in front of the crowd during a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the audience during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI ...
Supporters during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
The scoreboard shows a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi above the arena floor before a community reception for the Prime Minister at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP ...
A boy wearing a mask of PM Narendra Modi waves during the "Modi in America" event organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York ...
“Today, I say thanks to everyone,” said Modi, adding, “and I assure you I will never do anything to let you down.” His thank-you note came with a few goodies.
One, holders of Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cards would be given visas for their lifetime.
Two, people staying in India for a long period would not have to report to police stations periodically any more.
Three, measures will be initiated to end problems faced by those with non-Indian American spouses. PIO and Overseas Indian Cards would be merged into one shortly.
Four, US tourists will be given visa on arrival.
Five, outsourced consular services will be expanded.
“Happy?” Modi beamed to the packed venue, after announcing the first measure, which came at the end of a speech repeatedly interrupted by chants of “Modi, Modi”.
Dressed in a yellow kurta and peach waistcoat, the PM showed none of the strain of his navratri fast of just warm water, now into its fourth day on Sunday.
Read: Crush of US politicians meeting Modi
It was vintage Modi at the podium, feeding on the energy of the iconic Manhattan venue packed with supporters from 49 of the 50 states of the United States.
Also there to listen to a man who just stunned the world with a massive electoral victory were many US lawmakers, many of whom were in the middle of their own re-election campaigns.
The PM thanked his supporters, many of whom, as he said, had either travelled to India to campaign for him or supported him and the BJP from here.
Seshadri Kumar, who publishes a community paper, came to the reception all the way from Houston, Texas. “I could have stayed home and watched it on TV,” he said.
But this was a historic event and he wanted to be there.
Watch: The highlights of Modi's Madison Square speech
Acutely aware of the importance of the event, Modi quickly moved from recognising and thanking them for their support to reporting to them why they were right in choosing him.
The PM could have been speaking to an audience at home in India, explaining, as he did, his vision, his plans, his goals and ambitions for India.
“The government you have chosen will not leave any stone unturned in developing the country,” said Modi, adding, “this government will succeed in fulfilling all our aspirations.”
And here is why, he said. India cannot be stopped. India has three unique qualities which we need to recognise and present to the world: democracy, demographic dividend and demand (as consumers).
In a speech that was repeatedly interrupted by cheers and applause, the longest ovation was for the time when he said he grew up selling tea.
Everyone in the audience knew that story well — many of them had participated in his “Chai with Modi” events in the run up to the elections, but they couldn’t help themselves.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Top 10 quotes from Modi speech
 
“I have reached here by selling tea. I am a very small person… I am small and that is why I take interest in doing small work for small people. I am small that is why I have the intent to do big things for small people.” — his reply to people who ask him to talk of his “bada vision” (big vision).
 
“I will repay your debt by making the India of your dreams,”
 
“Earlier, Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
“Is this news?” — on reports that officials in India had started reporting for work on time.
 
“I have a dream that no family in India should be without a house in 2022. These are small things I am telling you, but these are the things which will turn India’s fortunes.” 
 
“Thousands of crores have been spent. People have told me Modi ji why are you getting involved in this tough work. If I had to do easy work, people would not have made me PM.” — on taking up the challenge of cleaning river Ganga
 
“There are many expectations from the government. I can say with belief, this government will succeed 100% in meeting people’s expectations.”
 
“A country which has such capable fingers… a country whose youth which is committed to development on its own…such a country has no need to turn back and look.”
 
“I haven’t taken even a 15-minute vacation since I’ve taken the PM’s post.”
 
“When 2019 comes, let us pledge to give Mahatma Gandhi — on his 150th birth anniversary — a clean India.”

Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah invites Panneerselvam to form governmentYou are here: Home > Collections > Government
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah invites Panneerselvam to form government
PTI Sep 28, 2014, 08.36PM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(Panneerselvam's elevation…)
CHENNAI: Within hours of being elected as leader of AIADMK Legislature Party, O Panneerselvam was today invited by Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah to form a government.
According to a Raj Bhavan communique, Panneerselvam, who was Finance Minister in J Jayalalithaa's ministry and represents Bodinayakanur constituency in the state Assembly, met Rosaiah and submitted a letter and the resolution passed by the AIADMK legislators who chose him unanimously, a day after the party supremo was jailed in a graft case.
"Consequently, His Excellency the Governor has invited him to form the Ministry," it said without divulging details.
Panneerselvam's elevation comes a day after J Jayalalithaa was disqualified as MLA following her conviction in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case by a Bangalore special court.
She was sentenced to four years in jail.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: Madison Square Garden to welcome PM Modi with laser show  rotating stage  acrobatics8:23 am: 
8:23 am: 
7:09 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for India after his five-day visit to the US. He said, "Thank you America". "I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
11:58 pm: Agreed to create energy innovation laboratories in India, also agreed to upgrade our national parks-Vikram Doraiswami: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:43 pm: 
11:38 pm: PM Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King Memorial, the leader of African-American Civil Rights Movement: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
11:38 pm: US Vice President Joe Biden: Our ties have grown enormously #ModiMeetsObama
11:34 pm: John Kerry: India, US are two countries who begin Constitution with "We the People". we share the same economic and political imperatives. We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India's development & what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath.
11:30 pm: India-US to work together on disrupting financial & tactical support for LeT, JeM, D-company & Haqqani network. #ModiMeetsObama
11:29 pm: John Kerry: Mr PM, no matter how our warm our welcome here we are not going to be able to top the Madison Square Garden reception. #ModiMeetsObama
11:22 pm: India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India : MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:08 pm: I have extended an invitation to President Obama and his family to visit India: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:07 pm: The issue of climate change is a priority for both India and US: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:05 pm: 
11:04 pm: After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth - PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:02 pm: We had an open discussion on WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:57 pm: US President Obama: I am impressed with how PM Modi is working for the poorest of the poor and revitalising the economy. #ModiMeetsObama
10:56 pm: US President Obama : Discussed trade issues, maritime rules, fight against Islamic State with PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:54 pm: US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University. #ModiMeetsObama
10:53 pm: PM Modi: India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for further 10 years #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: PM Modi: I sought support fro President Obama for greater access to India's service companies #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
10:51 pm: PM Modi: I want to welcome US defence companies to boost our defence industry #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: PM Modi: I look forward to receive Obama and his family in India #ModiMeetsObama
10:48 pm: PM Modi: PM: We shared our concern over Ebola virus crisis #ModiMeetsObama
10:47 pm: We are both serious about resolving issues related to civil nuclear deal, it's important for India's energy security: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:46 pm: I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: We decided to deepen our existing ties with India: US President Barack Obama #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: Glad to meet Obama, thank him for his hospitality: PM Narendra Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:43 pm: We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism: Obama after meeting Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:39 pm: 
10:20 pm: PM Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:59 pm: India and US agree to extend their defence agreement for 10 years, say Pentagon sources: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:29 pm: President Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:28 pm: Modi, Obama both no-nonsense guys, they don't care about ceremonial things: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:27 pm: Strobe Talbott, President, Brookings Institution: Keen to know if India will back US action against ISIS #ModiMeetsObama
8:43 pm: PM Narendra Modi, US President Barack Obama to issue a joint statement shortly. #ModiMeetsObama
8:34 pm: 
8:29 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches White House for bilateral meet with President Barack Obama. #ModiMeetsObama
7:12 pm: 

Take steps to limit damage if hackers snare your data0
If your credit card was involved, your bank will give you a new one if you ask, but setting up automatic payments all over again can be a pain.
Set up your bank account so you receive an alert on your mobile phone for any purchase above a certain amount. Keep in mind that thieves often start charging small amounts — maybe $10 — figuring you will look past them. A list of recent breaches is available at privacyrights.org.
If your information may have been compromised in a breach, the company might offer you a free service that will monitor your accounts for incorrect charges and check your credit report routinely.
On your own, you can watch your accounts daily or get immediate alerts about any charge a person makes on your account.
Contact Equifax credit reporting agency at 800-525-6285800-525-6285 and establish a 90-day fraud alert on your credit file. Equifax will alert the other credit reporting agencies: Innovis, Experian and TransUnion. Each might have different records, so involve all of them.
Request and examine your credit reports from all four agencies. You will get reports free because you established a fraud alert.
Report thefts to the Federal Trade Commission, your local police department, banks, credit unions, utilities and cellphone companies and fill out an identity theft affidavit with the IRS and state tax department.
To go even further after a hacking, you can tell Equifax or another credit bureau you want to put a freeze on your account. This means no one — including yourself — will be able to open a new credit card, get a car loan or mortgage or any other credit while the freeze is on.
This can be aggravating if you forget about the freeze, but you can lift it if you know you will be applying for a loan. In advance, check on any fees.
People with your Social Security number, address and name can do a lot of damage.

Developer brings Portland  Ore.  sensibility to Chicago0
An industry newsletter reported this week that the company had hired a real estate firm to help it market a portfolio of 788 rental units in Boston, Seattle, and in the San Francisco and Los Angeles areas that could net as much as $500 million.
"We're generally attracted to neighborhoods where the fabric is totally ripe for something to occur," Edlen said. "We like that we can be part of that story, help shape it, help craft it, help define that area as its own neighborhood."
Gerding Edlen also is well-versed in offering affordable housing units, otherwise known as inclusionary housing, because it's an outright requirement in some of the cities in which it operates. There is no such standard in Chicago, where the vast majority of apartment developers whose projects fall under the city's 10-year-old Affordable Requirements Ordinance opt to write a check that amounts to $100,000 for each affordable rental unit they otherwise would have been required to include in their buildings.
Now the city is rethinking whether to nix the fee option and require affordable units or whether to raise the fee. Last year, the ordinance generated $4.7 million in fees.
Gerding Edlen's addition of affordable units on Division Street, part of the former Cabrini-Green public housing project, and its talks to include CHA units is partially a result of discussions with Ald. Walter Burnett, 27th, and people from the neighborhood. While it's not law, setting aside 10 percent of units for affordable housing and another 10 percent for the CHA is the minimum for any developer coming into the neighborhood, and other building developers have complied, said Burnett, who praised Gerding Edlen.
"This group, being a very conscientious group, they were happy to do that," Burnett said. "They wanted to keep the affordability in there and they like mixed-income developments. They're a very neighborly developer and one that I'll be very favorable of doing other things if they wanted to."
Potential changes to Chicago's ordinance won't sideline the firm's activity in Chicago, said Gerding Edlen President Kelly Saito, but he understands how it may give others pause.
"We try to embrace it," Saito said. "It's not easy, but if you have an expectation and a willingness that there's going to be some, you find out how to make it work economically. For people who have been here and have been developing under the old rules for so long, to be faced with this now is a big impact. From our perspective, we look at it, we know it, you just have to account for it and plan for it.
"You sit in those community meetings over there and it's hard to not feel compelled to try and do that. So much of the history of the neighborhood is still there."

United Airlines turning a corner with time and improved...United Airlines turning a corner with time and improved technology
ct-airline-routes-0918-biz
Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune
Construction continues on runways at Chicago's O'Hare Field Friday September 19, 2014.
Construction continues on runways at Chicago's O'Hare Field Friday September 19, 2014. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune)
By Gregory Karp, Chicago Tribune reporter
Technology playing larger role at United, official says.
United replacing 50-seat regional jets with 76-seaters -- more economical for airline, important for customers
United Airlines is improving its on-time rates after a rocky start to the year, rolling out new technology in airports and planes, and ridding itself of smaller 50-seat regional jets that aren’t economical for the airline anymore, Jim Compton, United’s chief revenue officer, said at a major aviation conference in Chicago on Sunday.
Many of the world's top airline and airport officials will descend on Chicago this weekend for a global conference that city officials say will be among the largest economic development events of the year for the city and the region. ( Gregory Karp )
“It is no secret that we went through our share of challenges as we worked through our merger,” Compton told attendees of the  annual World Route Development Forum at McCormick Place. The event is an expo and networking event at which officials talk about adding airline routes to different airports.
Chicago officials expect about 3,000 people in the airline, airport and tourism industries to attend the 20th event, being held this week in the United States for only the second time.
Chicago-based United Airlines has struggled with its operations since its merger with Continental Airlines in 2010, especially with being on time and with customer service — so much so that airline officials admitted that the carrier began to lose lucrative corporate customers.
8
After a dismal start to this year, posting a first-quarter loss of $609 million, United seemed to suddenly turn a corner, receiving accolades from Wall Street about its second-quarter profit of $919 million and its direction.
“Our second-quarter results were pleasing and an indication of what we plan to deliver more of in the future,” Compton said Sunday. “We’re not yet there, and we’re not where we want to be. But we’re headed in the right direction.”
United employs 14,000 in Chicago and flies 570 flights per day from O’Hare International Airport, where it is Chicago’s largest airline.
Technology is playing a larger role for the airline, which plans to phase in a new United.com website this year, Compton said. And it is adding charging stations to its gate areas, including more than 100 at O’Hare, he said.
cComments
United is declaring that their new WiFi and "personal device entertainment" systems are wonderful. The REALITY: In a United failure of management that has become all too frequent, televisions were removed from old aircraft and new aircraft arrived without televisions before the...
bbforbb20
7
It’s also adding Wi-Fi — it has been slow to do that relative to its peers — to its aircraft and will be done outfitting its mainline fleet by the end of next year. It is also adding self-tagging at check-in kiosks, installed recently at O’Hare, and the ability, on some aircraft, to stream onboard video entertainment to passengers’ personal devices, such as laptops and iPads.
“Now, more than ever, technology plays an integral role in how we do and think about our business,” Compton said. “Our customers are demanding it … they want so much to be in control. For that to happen, you have to have the right technology in the right places.”
United, following an industry trend, is replacing its 50-seat regional jets, operated by third-party carriers as United Express, with 76-seaters that are more economical for the airline and important for customers because they can accommodate standard-size carry-on bags in the overhead bins, Compton said.
United will remove the equivalent of 130 50-seat jets from its system this year and next, Compton said.
Economic development officials said the Routes conference supports Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s often-stated goal of attracting 55 million visitors per year to Chicago by 2020 and being among the top five U.S. cities in international tourism.
The direct economic effect of the Routes conference, including hotels, restaurants, transportation companies and more, is expected to be $5.2 million, according to Choose Chicago, the city’s tourism agency. But drawing new airline service can be far greater. Wide-body aircraft routes equate to about $200 million per year in economic effect, according to the Chicago Department of Aviation.
While the Routes conference is not open to the public, its goings-on can benefit Chicagoans by opening new air travel routes from Chicago’s airports, especially direct flights to international destinations, city officials said.
It also could bring more competition, which often forces fares lower. For business travelers, more routes often allow more nonstop flights, said Rosemarie Andolino, commissioner of the city’s aviation department.

Big Pharma Is The Big Loser In New Tax-Dodging RulesBig Pharma Is The Big Loser In New Tax-Dodging Rules
Posted:
Updated:
09/25/2014 10:59 pm EDT
A U.S. flag is reflected in the Pfizer Inc. world headquarters in New York, U.S. (Photo by Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images) | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
There was a time when American pharmaceutical companies had finally found a way to access the large reserves of cash they had piling up in places like the Cayman Islands. The process was simple: Acquire a smaller foreign rival, repatriate in the rival's home country and then dip into the offshore money without fear of paying the U.S. corporate tax rate of 35 percent.
But the U.S. Treasury Department effectively undercut that strategy this week, issuing new rules that will make it a lot harder for U.S. companies to tap into offshore cash without paying taxes -- even if they move their headquarters abroad in one of these deals, known as " inversions ."
There are more than a dozen inversions currently pending, and it's not yet clear whether the raft of new rules will scuttle any of those deals. But of the pending inversions, those involving pharmaceutical and related industries seem to be most immediately at peril, tax experts told The Huffington Post, because those companies are the most likely to be pursuing inversions as a way to get tax-free access to offshore cash.
"The new rules will make these companies stop and think twice," said Frank Clemente, the executive director of Americans for Tax Fairness, a tax reform advocacy group that opposes inversions.
Among the deals that could be in trouble are those involving AbbVie, a drug company, and Medtronic, a medical device supplier. The two American companies have announced plans to buy smaller Irish rivals and then invert, moving their headquarters abroad for the purposes of taxation. Pfizer's on-again, off-again pursuit of the British drugmaker AstraZeneca could also be imperiled. The three U.S. companies collectively hold more than $100 billion offshore, tax filings show.
Shares of Medtronic and AbbVie fell nearly 3 percent and 2 percent, respectively, on Tuesday. Pfizer's stock was down about 0.5 percent.
A Medtronic spokesman said the company was reviewing the Treasury's actions. A spokeswoman for Pfizer said she had no comment, but noted that the company had previously said it did not plan to make a takeover offer for AstraZeneca. (Discussions have continued behind closed doors, according to news reports .) AbbVie did not respond to a request for comment.
Other companies that have pursued inversions -- including Burger King, which is buying Tim Hortons in Canada, and Chiquita, which aims to acquire Fyffes in Ireland -- may not be dissuaded by the new rules. Neither Burger King nor Chiquita has much cash stored abroad. Tax experts say they may be motivated more by the benefits of a practice called "earnings stripping," in which the U.S. subsidiary of the inverted company gets loaded up with debt in a bid to lower the domestic tax bill.
Tax experts estimate that Walgreens, which had planned an inversion with Alliance Boots of Switzerland, could have saved $4 billion over five years through such a tactic. (Fearing a public backlash, Walgreens later canceled its plan to move its headquarters abroad.)
Drug companies don't have much need for earnings stripping, mainly because they have already mastered the art of making it look as if they make much less money than they actually do.
A favorite big-pharma tax-avoidance method is to set up a subsidiary in a low-tax jurisdiction and then sell that subsidiary the patents for certain drugs. The American parent company then pays the subsidiary royalties for medication sold in the U.S. -- thereby reducing its own domestic earnings and lowering its tax bill. This is how many pharma giants have built such big stacks of cash offshore.
In comments Tuesday, Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew acknowledged that the new rules might stop some inversions, but said they were unlikely to kill the practice entirely.
Comprehensive corporate tax reform by Congress "is the only way to fully rein in these transactions," he said.
CORRECTION: This story has been updated to note that Medtronic is a medical device company, not a drug maker.
More:

Home Depot Security Team Understaffed For Years  Insiders SayHome Depot Security Team Understaffed And Overwhelmed For Years, Insiders Say
Posted:
Updated:
09/24/2014  2:59 pm EDT
Home Depot is dealing with a massive security breach of its customers' credit and debit card data. (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
The Home Depot team tasked with protecting customer credit card data from hackers was understaffed and overwhelmed for years before the biggest security breach in retail history hit the company, several former employees told The Huffington Post.
Over three months in the spring of 2013, four of the eight people responsible for ensuring that credit card data was encrypted as it traveled through Home Depot’s computer network left the company, continuing a pattern of high turnover and turmoil that former employees said had persisted since late 2011. The four left in part because they were frustrated that management did not address their security concerns, according to one former worker who requested anonymity because he did not want to publicly criticize a former employer.
The former security employee told HuffPost that he had raised "red flags" with Home Depot management about the lack of encryption. He said he thought that flaw violated payment card industry security standards. But he said management didn't address his concerns, and he quit last year.
"It was painfully easy to capture that data," the former employee said.
The staff turnover had been going for years. In fall 2011, Home Depot’s overall security team had about 60 employees with a variety of responsibilities, from finding security flaws in the network to ensuring that the company was meeting industry security standards. But shortly after Jeff Mitchell took over as information security chief in August of that year, about 30 of those workers left in a period of three months, according to another former Home Depot security employee. Their loss made the job of protecting the network that much harder for those who remained.
"You're having a hard enough time finding security holes," one former Home Depot security engineer told HuffPost. "Then half the people in your department leave and your workload doubles. It makes it even harder to catch stuff."
Two former security employees described Mitchell as "bullying" and "abrasive" and said he was partly to blame for the loss of talented personnel.
Last week Home Depot revealed that hackers had stolen data on 56 million customer debit and credit cards in what amounted to the largest retail breach on record. The hackers used malware to raid the home improvement chain's computer system for more than five months starting in April. Law enforcement authorities and security firms continue to investigate the theft, the latest in a string of such attacks against major retailers over the past year.
Banks nationwide have started to see fraudulent transactions related to the Home Depot breach that are draining customer bank accounts, according to The Wall Street Journal .
Home Depot said it has removed the malware and tightened security by encrypting payment card data at its U.S. stores. The retailer has also introduced machines that read a new type of credit card that uses an embedded microchip and a code to authorize transactions, making it more difficult for thieves to produce counterfeit credit cards. Such enhanced cards have not been widely introduced in the United States yet.
"Our guiding principle is to do what’s right by our customers," Home Depot spokesman Stephen Holmes said in an email, adding that the company maintains "robust security systems."
The company did not respond to a question about current staffing levels on its security team. It also declined to comment on Mitchell's management style and did not make him available for an interview. Mitchell did not respond to a message seeking comment.
Former Home Depot employees have made similar claims about the security team to Bloomberg Businessweek and The New York Times , painting the picture of a hardware chain struggling to fight off threats in the digital world.
It remains unclear how the hackers found their way into Home Depot’s network or whether the security team could have stopped them, regardless of staff levels, since the thieves reportedly used custom-made malware that had never been seen before.
More:

Hack Is Letting Criminals Drain Money From Bank AccountsHome Depot Hack Is Letting Criminals Drain Money From People's Bank Accounts
Reuters
Updated:
09/24/2014 11:59 pm EDT
This Aug. 14, 2012 file photo shows a Home Depot store in Nashville, Tenn. On Tuesday, Sept. 2, 2014, the home improvement retailer said that it's looking into "unusual activity" and that it's working with both banks and law enforcement after suspicions of a credit card data breach. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
(Reuters) - Data breach at home improvement retailer Home Depot Inc
has led to fraudulent transactions across the United States, draining cash from customer bank accounts, the Wall Street Journal said.
Criminals are using stolen card information to buy prepaid cards, electronics and even groceries, the Journal said, citing people familiar with the matter.
Financial institutions also are stepping up efforts to block the transactions by rejecting them if they appear unusual, the daily said.
Earlier this month, Home Depot confirmed its payment systems were breached and said some 56 million payment cards were likely compromised in a cyberattack at its stores, suggesting the hacking attack at the home improvement chain was larger than last year's unprecedented breach at Target Corp
.
Home Depot had said customers who shopped at its stores as far back as April were exposed, suggesting the breach extended through the busy summer season.
(Reporting by Anannya Pramanick in Bangalore)
More:

Regulate drugs and doctors tooTweet
The insidious nexus between large drug companies and the medical fraternity needs to be firmly broken
The problem of unethical and anti-competitive pricing practices by drug-makers, which had promoted the intervention of the National Pharma Pricing Authority, is far from resolved. At issue here is the arbitrary and wide variation in pricing for different brands of the same underlying molecule. The wide differential in the prices of branded formulations of the same underlying drug is clearly a result of the collusion between large drug companies and the medical fraternity. While the Medical Council of India’s Code of Ethics Regulation 2002 mandates doctors to prescribe generics to the extent possible, it is the expensive branded medicines that are thrust upon patients in practice. Unlike in other product markets, the drug consumer isn’t in a position to exercise an informed choice.
In July, the NPPA had imposed restrictions on the selling price of 108 drug formulations, brands of which reflected such arbitrary and mystifying price variations. The problem was that these drugs fell outside the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) and therefore were outside the purview of the NPPA. While the law does allow the NPPA to fix the price of any medicine in the “public interest” — which extends to even non-NLEM formulations — this power, conferred under para 19 of the Drug Price Control Order, is exercisable only in extraordinary circumstances. So much so, the NPPA’s July order capping the prices of 108 anti-diabetes and cardiovascular formulations was bound to be legally challenged. Ironically, even as the petition filed by the pharma industry against the NPPA’s order was being heard by the Mumbai and Delhi High Courts, the NPPA altered its position that it was empowered to regulate the prices of non-essential drugs and stated this change was effected “in compliance with the directions received from the Government”. Equally significant was the timing of the move — just ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden official visit to the US.
While using the NPPA to curb anti-competitive pricing may be a legally grey issue, it is in the industry’s interest to acknowledge the existence and gravity of the problem. One solution is to regularly revise the list of drugs under the NLEM in order to prevent vital drugs from escaping the NPPA’s purview. At the same time, it is imperative that drug-makers voluntarily come out with a code of best practices with regard to pricing. Also, the insidious nexus between the drug industry and medical practitioners needs to be firmly sundered by a mechanism that includes strict penalties. It is best that an independent regulatory body be set up to address these and related issues concerning the drug industry.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

The road less travelledTweet
Old and elegant But we need new bridges as well
Modi’s visit to the US should be about leveraging common infrastructure concerns. It needn’t just be about geopolitics
The world’s largest democracies have much in common—commitments to free elections, pluralism and individual rights. But the US and India are of late also hit by paralysis affecting the body politic, placing their economic competitiveness at risk.
The US and India can do much with a 21st century alliance to safeguard freedom and democracy around the world; counterbalance radical Islam as well as other non-democratic geopolitical forces. To do so, their economies must become ever more dynamic.
US and India must provide the energy, transportation, water and social infrastructure that will underpin sustained economic advance.
Modi’s promise
Both the Obama and Modi administrations have made infrastructure central to their governing agendas. Prime Minister Modi has rallied much of India’s complex and multifaceted society behind his commitments to political reforms.The Prime Minister, his BJP parliamentary leadership and key cabinet members have announced sweeping plans to (i) bring reliable electricity, running water and sanitation to the “disconnected” across India; (ii) build extensive new roadways, establish a high speed rail network, link the great rivers and create an efficient and effective national transportation system; and (iii) similar to UAE, Chinese and Korean initiatives, construct 100 new “smart cities” around the country, investing especially in high tech communication systems.
Pledging “minimum government, maximum governance,” the new Prime Minister has vowed to create a make India attractive to groundbreaking levels of foreign investment.
The Prime Minister is especially looking to investors in the US, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Australia and the leading economies of Asia to provide that foreign capital and capability. To lure the investors and infrastructure expertise he seeks, the Prime Minister must slash bureaucracies and change decades of obstructionist behaviour. Many observers are sceptical.
That said, the people of India elected the BJP and Modi to replicate demonstrated Gujarat success across the nation.
Obama’s challenge
Now, to the US. While the vast majority of Americans enjoy reliable power supply, water supply and sanitation services, the President has presided over an infrastructure system that the American Society of Civil Engineers has recently awarded the embarrassing grade of “D+.”
The President missed a major opportunity to improve the national infrastructure grade and America’s global competitiveness during the first years of his initial term. Then he had the Democrats controlling the Congress, as well as abundant goodwill among the American public. The Administration did not chart a path toward the well more than a trillion dollars ultimately needed to maintain and selectively upgrade American infrastructure.
Instead, the bailout of the financial services sector as well as healthcare and financial services reform trumped infrastructure. Now the need for action on the nation’s infrastructure is more acute; but the President’s political capital has diminished. That said, few things can command more bipartisan support than improving infrastructure.
In recent months, the President has announced a series of proposals and initiatives. Indeed, infrastructure improvement was among the principal themes in his 2014 State of the Union address. In February, President Obama put forward a new plan to finance upgrading transportation infrastructure— announcing a four-year, $302 billion surface transportation plan funded by tax reform. In July, the President unveiled a series of “Rebuild America” plans using, among other venues, the Tappan Zee Bridge, the site of the Minneapolis bridge collapse, the Port of Wilmington, and Key Bridge in the nation’s capital.
A $17 trillion economy and American pre-eminence hangs in the balance. Unless America’s political and business leaders find common ground, the enormous national need for improved transportation, energy, water and social infrastructure will go unmet. With that, so too will America’s global standing.
When the Prime Minister now in the US, there will be many geopolitical matters on the agenda. The two nations could well turn on a topic of great mutual interest: putting their nations on the right infrastructure track.
Tannon is managing partner of American Infrastructure Holdings. Puri is chairman of the US-India Political Action Committee
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Stamping out coal may spark renewable fireHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Stamping out coal may spark renewable fire
Aesha Datta
REUTERS Domestic coal is likely to become more expensive after apex court verdict canceling licences for coal blocks.
Govt may turn to alternative energy sources
New Delhi, September 26:  
What is a harsh verdict for coal miners and power generators could well be a reason for cheer for renewable energy companies. With the Supreme Court cancelling the allocation of 214 coal blocks on Wednesday, domestic coal is likely to become more expensive and could give the much needed impetus for the Government to invest in alternative sources, say environmentalists.
“This will definitely have an impact (on the energy policy). With domestic coal becoming more expensive, thermal will come at par with renewables,” says Aruna Kumarankandath, Programme Officer (renewable energy), Centre for Science and Environment.
“The priority is to get power as the demand for power in India is very high as many areas are yet to be electrified. And that should come from the cheapest source.”
Further, this landmark judgement would herald a change in the way developmental activities are undertaken, say rights activists.
“The Government has a stark choice —whether to develop a pro-people, pro-green economic model, or stick with corrupt, expensive, dirty energy,” says Vinuta Gopal, Climate and Energy campaigner of Greenpeace India. The judgement is a “signal to the Government and industry that the laws of the land cannot be circumvented and disregarded”.
The way the previous UPA Government had pushed through the stage II forest clearance for the Mahan coal block in Madhya Pradesh, one of the blocks that stand cancelled now, had raised many eyebrows.
Local residents have been protesting against the mine, claiming increase in pollution and severe environmental degradation that was ignored in the Environment Impact Assessment reports.
In Mahan, local battle against the mine were being fought on multiple fronts — environmental concerns, legality of the allocation (following the revelation of coal allocation scam), sanctity of forest rights, and allegations of forged signatures on gram sabha resolution showing consent.
“We don’t want any mines here. We do not need this ‘development’. We earn our livelihood from the forest, the fruit-bearing trees, we get firewood, clean sources of water and we have enough electricity to do our work. We have enough employment. We don’t need more,” Kripanath Yadav, a resident of Amiliya village in Mahan, told Business Line.
However, while this judgement comes as a relief for environmentalists and human rights activists, recent moves by the Government, which hint at dilution of tribal rights in favour of the developmental agenda, is also a cause for concern.
“The NDA Government has given enough clues about speedy re-allocations and easing of environment norms. The Government must not take dangerous short cuts to achieve a double digit growth figure at the cost of India’s rich biodiversity and people’s rights,” Greenpeace India said in a statement.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

IRDA chief: Make insurance products suitable for online salesP_V_SIVAKUMAR
Hyderabad, Sept 26:  
The insurance industry should introduce products that are suitable to be sold online, according to T S Vijayan, Chairman, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA).
He was speaking at a conference on digitisation and enhanced foreign direct investment, organised by Assocham here on Friday.
“Customers should have the facility to compare various products online while buying insurance,” the regulator said.
P Nandagopal, MD & CEO, IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company, said it was easy to sell insurance online.
However, only one per cent of total insurance sales was currently happening in the digital mode due to the complexity of products and Know Your Customer norms, among others, he added.
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Lemierre to replace Prot at BNP ParibasLemierre to replace Prot as BNP Paribas chair
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ef47342-44ed-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Politics  not bombs  will defeat IsisPolitics not bombs is the key to beating Isis
By David Gardner
Detente between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shia Iran is essential
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/08669916-4412-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hubris has set Tesco on a perilous courseHubris has set Tesco on a course into perilous seas
By John Gapper
Highly successful companies often contain the seeds of their own destruction
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cbdbc2a4-43ea-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Complete breakdown in constitutional machinery in TN: KarunanidhiTamil Nadu Chief Minister Mr Karunanidhi
Chennai, Sept 27:  
DMK today alleged that there was a “complete breakdown in constitutional machinery” in Tamil Nadu following the conviction of Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case and sought the intervention of the President and Prime Minister to restore law and order.
Party chief M Karunanidhi wrote a letter marked to President Pranab Mukherjee, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Chief Justice of India R M Lodha, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah besides Chief Justice of Madras High Court, Sanjay Kishan Kaul, saying the state was witnessing large-scale violence “leading to law and order problems“.
AIADMK cadres were targeting DMK leaders and functionaries, residence of BJP leader Subramanian Swamy besides “attacking the innocent public and destroying public properties.” The media was also not spared, he said.
Police were silent spectators to the large-scale violence carried out by AIADMK, he alleged. Police and the state administration were not in a position to handle the situation and the people were “living in grip of fear.”
“There is a complete breakdown of constitutional machinery in Tamil Nadu. Unless stringent measures are taken immediately by the State police and administration, we fear (for) the safety of the people of Tamil Nadu,” he said in the letter.
The law and order situation could worsen if the present situation was allowed to continue, he said, adding that this would pose “grave threat” to life and property.
“Under these circumstances, I request your good self to intervene and take appropriate measures forthwith to restore the law and order to ensure public peace, tranquillity and safety of the citizens and their properties in Tamil Nadu,” he said in the letter which was also marked to Tamil Nadu Chief Secretary Mohan Verghese Chunkath and Home Secretary Apurva Verma.
Karunanidhi also sought steps against “erring” police officials who were “hand-in-glove“’ with AIADMK men and perpetuating violence and failing to check violators.
Jayalalithaa was awarded a four-year jail term by a Bangalore special court in the disproportionate assets case, which resulted in widespread violence in the state.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Apple Just Broke Its Silence On Bendgate— CNBC Tech (@CNBCtech) September 25, 2014
"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare," Apple said in a statement to The Huffington Post. The company said that it performs "rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle," that include "3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit, torsion, and user studies."
"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use," the statement said.
It's rare for the tight-lipped company to comment so quickly on an Internet bash-fest, Business Insider points out. "In the past, Apple would've ignored this," writes BI's Jay Yarow.
The statement sent to HuffPost is atypically lengthy, perhaps indicating that the company's been feeling under pressure this week. It hasn't been a great one for Apple -- its stock was down 3 percent on Thursday , one day after Apple pulled an update to its new mobile operating system that reportedly left some iPhone customers having problems making calls or using the phone's fingerprint sensor.
Meanwhile, "bendgate" continued to ripple through the Twitterverse. News of bending iPhone garnered loads of attention this week, thanks in part to a YouTube video showing a man using his bare hands to bend an iPhone 6 Plus. That video went viral, garnering over 20 million views in under 48 hours. Another person posted on a MacRumors forum that after a day of sitting and dancing, the iPhone actually bent in his or her pocket.
The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, which starts at $299 with a two-year contract, and $749 without, is Apple's first foray into the "phablet" market, called such because the device is so large it's part phone, part tablet.
Apple said it sold more than 10 million of its new iPhones in the first three days they were on sale, setting a record for the company.
Full statement from Apple:
Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature a precision engineered unibody enclosure constructed from machining a custom grade of 6000 series anodized aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength. They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high stress locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry. We chose these high-quality materials and construction very carefully for their strength and durability. We also perform rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle including 3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit, torsion, and user studies. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use.
With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus. As with any Apple product, if you have questions please contact Apple.
This post has been updated with additional information as well as Apple's statement.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

TN limps back to normalcyTN limps back to normalcy
PTI
THE HINDU Buses set to operate services at the Central Bus Stand in Salem on Sunday. -- E. Lakshmi Narayanan
Chennai, Sept 28:  
Normalcy was today returning to Tamil Nadu, a day after sporadic violence erupted in several parts of the State in the wake of Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa’s conviction in the disproportionate assets case.
Bus services, suspended in many parts of the State, were being resumed in a phased manner while commercial establishments, including hotels and shops, were open in Chennai and elsewhere.
Police said no major untoward incident was reported in the State today, which saw angry protesters forcing closure of shops, pelting stones and torching vehicles in some places yesterday, prompting the Home Ministry to ask the State Government to maintain law and order.
However, inter-State bus services to Bangalore remained suspended.
A Madurai report said normalcy had returned to the temple town and most parts of 10 southern districts, where the AIADMK has a strong base.
Police said bus services had been resumed in most places of the southern districts and no untoward incident had been reported so far.
Police were posted at vulnerable places and patrol had been increased to monitor the situation in and around the city and rural areas.
However, in some towns, including Sivaganga, only 50 per cent of the bus services were resumed, and shops in some places remained closed.
Though the situation was tense, it was under control, police said and expressed the hope that full normalcy would return by late evening.
Reports from Theni, Dindigul, Ramanathapuram and Virudhunagar said normalcy had returned in most places though the shops remained closed in a few localities.
In Srirangam, the Assembly constituency of Jayalalithaa, shops have been open since morning today. However, private bus operators were hesitating to operate their services, while autorickshaws too remained off the roads in most parts of town.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Justice H.L. Dattu sworn-in as India s new chief justicePrint
New Delhi, Sep 28 (IANS) Justice H.L. Dattu was Sunday sworn-in as the Chief Justice of India. He was administered the oath of office by President Pranab Mukherjee.
He is the 42nd Chief Justice of India and will be at the helms of the Indian judiciary till December 2, 2015. He succeeds Chief Justice R.M. Lodha who demitted office Sep 27.
The oath ceremony held in Darbar Hall of Rashtrapati Bhavan was attended by Vice President Hamid Ansari, former deputy prime minister L.K. Advani, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu, outgoing Chief Justice R.M. Lodha and Justice A.S. Anand as well as other seating and retired judges.
Before being elevated as the judge of the apex court Dec 17, 2008, Chief Justice Dattu was the Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court.
He was appointed a judge of the Karnataka High Court Dec 18, 1995. Thereafter, he was elevated as Chief Justice of Chhattisgarh High Court Feb 12, 2007. Three months later May 18, 2007, he was transferred to head the Kerala High Court.
Born Dec 3, 1950, Chief Justice Dattu was enrolled as an advocate Oct 23, 1975. He practised at Bangalore in civil, criminal, constitutional and taxation matters.
Chief Justice Dattu appeared as government counsel in the Karnataka High court for the sales tax department from 1983 to 1990, government advocate from 1990 to 1993, standing counsel for the income tax department from 1992 to 1993 and a senior standing counsel for the IT department from 1993 to 1995.
Recommend

Deepak Fertilisers seeks MCFL directors  support on open offerDeepak Fertilisers seeks MCFL directors' support on open offer
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 28, 2014 04:25 PM IST
In a bid to take control of the Vijay Mallaya's fertiliser firm MCFL, Deepak Fertilisers has sought support from MCFL's independent directors on its open offer saying that rival bidder Zuari's win will help "wilful defaulter" Mallya continue to head the firm.
Deepak Feriliser in the letter has said if Zuari's open offer succeeds then Mallya a 'wilful defaulter' will continue to be the chairman of the MCFL for five years and therefore it will be difficult for the company to access capital markets and avail loans.
The two-way battle between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group for control of MCFL is further intensified. After both Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group have raised their open offers for acquisition of additional 26 per cent stake to Rs 288.41 crore and Rs 251.44 crore respectively.
Meanwhile, beleaguered carrier Kingfisher Airlines yesterday said it has secured a stay from the Calcutta High Court on United Bank of India declaring the airline and its directors, including promoter Vijay Mallya, as wilful defaulters.
As per the SEBI regulations, the Board of Directors of the targeted company (MCFL) need to constitute a committee of independent directors to provide "reasoned recommendations" on the open offers.
The letter added that as per public statement of the Zuari open offer and an agreement entered between Adventz Group and UB Group, both have agreed that Mallya, who has been declared a 'wilful defaulter' by the Union Bank of India, will continue as Chairman of the company at least for five years.
"A 'Wilful Defaulter' will be able to perpetuate control over the company," the letter added.
It also pointed out that under him the company will find it extremely difficult to access capital markets.
Quoting the RBI circular on wilful defaulters, the letter said, "...In order to prevent access to the capital markets by the wilful defaulters, a copy of the wilful defaulters (non-suit) and list of wilful defaulters (suit filed by accounts) are forwarded to SEBI by the RBI and Credit Information Bureau (India) Ltd respectively."
Consequently, the company will find it extremely difficult to access capital markets, the letter added.
The same circular of RBI also provides that no additional facilities should be granted by any bank or financial institution to the listed wilful defaulters, it added.
The letter has been written on behalf of Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Ltd (DFPCL) by its subsidiary SCM Solifert's Director Somnath Patil, who is also CFO of DFPCL.
It has been addressed to MCFL's Managing Director Deepak Anand, Whole Time Director Prabhakar Rao Kanthavara and to two Independent Directors Pratap Narayan and Srinivasulu Reddy Magunta.

O Paneerselvam to be new Chief Minister of TNO Paneerselvam to be new Chief Minister of TN
PTI
O. Paneerselvam
Chennai, Sept 28:  
Jayalalithaa loyalist and Tamil Nadu Finance Minister O Panneerselvam was today chosen to be the next chief minister after the AIADMK supremo was convicted and sent to jail for four years in a corruption case.
63—year—old Panneerselvam, who was chosen by J Jayalalithaa to fill her shoes in a similar situation in 2001, was unanimously elected as leader of AIADMK Legislature Party here, a day after her conviction and sentencing in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case.
Described as “Mr Faithful”, Panneerselvam belongs to the dominant Mudukulathor community and is a trusted lieutenant of Jayalalithaa.
The ruling party MLAs will meet Governor K Rosaiah to communicate him the decision, party sources said here.
The name of Panneerselvam was understood to have communicated by Jayalalithaa in the court itself after the verdict was pronounced yesterday. She also had a long conversation with him in the court before she was lodged in Bangalore jail.
Panneerselvam was handpicked by Jayalalithaa in 2001 when Supreme Court struck down her appointment as Chief Minister by the then Governor Fathima Beevi following her conviction in TANSI land case.
The soft spoken and suave leader literally functioned as “interm—chief minister” for about six months and duly vacated the post after Jayalalithaa was acquitted in the case.
Panneerselvam, who had been camping in Bangalore since yesterday when Jayalalithaa travelled there for the verdict in the disproportionate asset case, returned to the city today to take up the new responsibility as per her direction.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Hollande braced for election setback© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9cb4fdc-46e4-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Insurers set to target infrastructureInsurers to target infrastructure to boost investment yields
By Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17930e90-4586-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSP hopeful of playing major role in government formation in J&KSep 28, 2014 at  06:58pm IST
BSP hopeful of playing major role in government formation in J&K
11
0
Jammu: Claiming that BSP will play a major role in the formation of the next government in Jammu and Kashmir, the party on Sunday said it will provide a corruption-free government to the people of the state.
"If BSP is voted to power, the people of the state will see a new era of change, which will be free of corruption, lawlessness, anarchy and non-accountability, which are prevalent in the state," BSP National General Secretary and Rajya Sabha MP Narender Kashyap said.
He was inaugurating the party office in Nagrota Assembly Constituency.
Kashyap said the time has come when his party will emerge as a major force in the state.
Kashyap said the time has come when his party will emerge as a major force in the state and after the elections, either it will form the government or play a major role in its formation.
The MP attacked the Omar Abdullah-led state government, accusing it of failing to check corruption.
"In the present government, every post is for sale and rates have been fixed for each and every government post," he alleged.
Kashyap alleged that corruption in the state is widespread and no department was immune to it.
"This government has not even spared the poor teachers and rates have been fixed for their transfers and postings. The people are suffering a lot and no work is done without bribing officials," he said.
3

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella likely to visit Hyderabad todayMicrosoft CEO Satya Nadella likely to visit Hyderabad today
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 28, 2014 05:46 PM IST
Microsoft's chief executive officer, Satya Nadella, is expected to make a visit to his home town Hyderabad tomorrow, a day ahead of his visit to New Delhi on September 30 to take part in two events to be organised by Nasscom.
Though officials from the Microsoft India Development Centre (MSIDC) here, the IT behemoth's largest research and development centre outside of its Redmond headquarters in the US, did not disclose Nadella's schedule, sources said he would be meeting Microsoft employees at the MSIDC before calling on the chief ministers of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
According to unconfirmed sources, Nadella would meet Telangana chief minister K Chandrasekhara Rao to discuss expansion of his company's operations in Hyderabad, besides holding discussions with Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu to consider the former's request to establish an R&D centre in AP.

NIT Warangal students win IIMB s Vista  Bzzwings B-Plan  contestNIT Warangal students win IIMB's Vista 'Bzzwings B-Plan' contest
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 28:  
Team Padhaaro from NIT Warangal has won the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore's (IIMB) Vista 'Bzzwings B-Plan' competition the flagship competition.
Runners-up were team Innova of Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad.
In the 'Bzzwings B-Plan' competition, NIT Warangal students – Ish Jindal and Sanchit Agrawal with their unique concept of making travel easier for foreigners in India, walked away with a bumper Rs 45,000.
The ISB students - Aniket Miglani, Niharika Jain, Niharika Joshi and Nitima Malhotra were declared the runners-up won the runner-up cheque worth Rs 25,000.
In the Bzzwings Shark Tank contest top six teams pitched their 5-minute business ideas, Team Innova (Aniket Miglani, Niharika Jain,
Niharika Joshi and Nitima Malhotra) from ISB Hyderabad sold 4 per cent equity stake for five lakhs, Team Ximknos (Vinay Garg, Leenus Roffun Silva, Sourav Panda, Abhilash Varma) from Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar sold 9 per cent equity stake for five lakhs and Team E-sense (Vansh Oberoi and Anmol Garg) from Delhi University disinvested 9 per cent stake for five lakhs.
The three winners, chosen from 120 entries from across the country, presented their 5 minute pitch to the angel investors and at the end walked away with the seed money to fund their start-up. The two investors, Ubhaya - a social development fund represented by Sreejith, VP, Business Development, and VGN Prakash, Founder, Milltec Machinery Pvt Ltd, offered seed funding to profit venture and social venture.
Congratulating the winners, Chief Guest Krishna Kumar Natarajan, CEO, MindTree said: "The five key things for an entrepreneur to concentrate before venturing are: It must solve a real problem for the money-paying customer; have a deep personal conviction and self confidence in yourself and the solution; have fundamental values or ethos for the enterprise; develop a strong and complimenting start-up team and very important is to regard entrepreneurship as a business not a slot machine- i.e.; make loads of money as soon as possible and then retire. Entrepreneurship is not a last resort for a frustrated employee".
Dr. Sushil Vachani, Director, IIM, Bangalore, said: "It is important to encourage such events as entrepreneurship will be the next big thing for India. IT and manufacturing got us so far but its these innovative business venture that will be greatly appreciate in the future, There will be a time when entrepreneurship will get us back the momentum and increase our growth rate. "
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Rich people are reaping govt benefits: Varun GandhiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Facebook effective for youth to participate in politicsFacebook effective for youth to participate in politics
PTI
Tweet
Melbourne, Sept 28:  
An increase in social media use leads to more political participation by young people, with Facebook being the most effective channel, a new study has found.
The study surveyed 3,600 young people, aged between 16-29 years, across Australia, the UK and the US, 90 per cent of who use Facebook as opposed to Twitter use which was on average 50 per cent.
And 65 per cent of the Australian participants in the survey also highlighted that Facebook is where they first hear about news and major events, rather than traditional news outlets such as print and television news programmes.
“Our research suggests that we need to take Facebook much more seriously as a space where young people - purposefully or incidentally - engage with politics, with their networks of friends and family,” said Associate Professor Ariadne Vromen from the Department of Government and International Relations at the University of Sydney.
“We have found overall that increasing use of social media leads to more political participation by young people; especially for those young people that have an issue-based approach to why political participation matters, rather than a traditional orientation that only focuses on formal, electoral politics,” said Vromen, who is a lead researcher in the two-year project called The Civic Network.
Many participants believe that ‘liking’ is an important way of showing support for political issues they and their friends care about, and are more likely to do this action than commenting on or sharing the posts.
One of the main reasons they are reluctant to comment is that they don’t want to cause conflict between their family and friends on this platform, and some said they thought that political conversations were better done face-to-face.
Vromen said that this should be a two-way street, with politicians engaging through these platforms to connect with a younger audience too.
“Most of the young people we questioned said they think politicians should use social media more, they think politicians should be asked questions publicly more often to show they are responsive to people’s views,” said Vromen.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

7 666 aspirants file nomination for Maharashtra assembly polls7,666 aspirants file nomination for Maharashtra assembly polls
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sep 28:  
As many as 7,666 candidates have filed their nominations for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls, which is set to witness a five—cornered contest in all the 288 constituencies.
The nomination process ended yesterday with 7,666 candidates filing their papers, state electoral office said today.
The highest 91 nominations have been filed from Nanded—South constituency while the lowest nine each have been filed at Guhagar (in Ratnagiri), Mahim (Mumbai) and Kudal (Sindhudurg) seats.
Congress campaign committee chief Narayan Rane is contesting from Kudal.
On the last day of filing of nominations yesterday, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Home Minister R R Patil filed their papers.
Chavan, who resigned as Chief Minister after NCP pulled out of the government, filed nomination from Karad South amidst rousing welcome from supporters.
This will be Chavan’s first electoral battle after he lost the 1999 Lok Sabha elections from Karad, which he had represented thrice.
MNS chief Raj Thackeray, who had declared at a rally a few months ago that he would enter the electoral battle by contesting the polls, will not contest.
The Congress has fielded candidates for all the 288 seats, while the NCP’s 286 candidates will be in the fray.
BJP has fielded candidates in 257 seats, state party spokesperson Keshav Upadhye had said yesterday.
“The remaining 31 seats have been given to our allies,” he had said.
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray, whose name was being pitched by his party as the Chief Ministerial candidate, is also not contesting.
The Sena declared a list of 286 candidates. The two constituencies where the party has not fielded candidates are Parli, where Gopinath Munde’s daughter Pankaja is BJP nominee, and Byculla, where Arun Gawli’s daughter Geeta is nominee.
The scrutiny will take place on September 29 and last date of withdrawing the nominations is September 30.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Jaitley making good recovery from respiratory infectionJaitley making good recovery from respiratory infection
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 28:  
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is making good recovery from a respiratory infection but moved from a private hospital to an isolation facility at AIIMS today to avoid any recurrence.
Jaitley, 61, who was hospitalised a few days ago after undergoing a planned diabetes management surgery on September 2, is expected to be discharged from AIIMS in a few days after which he will resume his official work.
“Jaitley has recovered satisfactorily from respiratory infection. He has been advised further rest in complete isolation to avoid any recurrence of infection, for which he would now be lodged at a special isolation facility which exists at AIIMS,” official sources said here.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Spanish ghost town shows signs of lifeSpanish ghost town shows signs of life amid property recovery
Tobias Buck in Seseña
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/350b9c8c-43f4-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AIADMK struggling to come to terms with realityAIADMK struggling to come to terms with reality
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sep 28:  
Ministers, MLAs and workers of ruling AIADMK in Tamil Nadu appear to be struggling to come to terms with the jailing of their party chief J Jayalalithaa.
Banners and massive wall posters stating that “Dharma will eventually triumph” could be seen everywhere as a meet was held here today to elect O Panneerselvam as legislature party leader.
That the conviction and sentencing of their leader in a graft case has left the party stunned was apparent from the faces of ministers and MLAs who arrived for the meeting.
They appeared weary and were unwilling to talk or even utter a single word while the eyes of some were moist. Scores of women office bearers including Handlooms Minister S Gokula Indira wailed.
Chaotic scenes were witnessed and a near stampede situation prevailed in the party headquarters. Party workers jostled to get inside the venue and wanted to know who the “standby” Chief Minister will be till the “resumption of office by party chief Jayalalithaa“.
Not just the party headquarters, but the entire Avvai Shanmugam Road where the office was located saw party workers converging for the second day and police had to erect barricades to regulate the crowd.
Conches were blown and protest march taken out against DMK president Karunanidhi which was stopped by police.
Some DMDK MLAs who had leaned towards the ruling AIADMK like R Sundarrajan attended the meeting as invitees to express solidarity, party sources said.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Police fire tear gas on Hong Kong protestersHKMA acts to stabilise markets amid Hong Kong protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b5870a6e-46c3-11e4-9463-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Geneva Report warns on global crisisGeneva Report warns record debt and slow growth point to crisis
By Chris Giles, Economics Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4df99d28-4590-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A looser grip for the heavy hand of BeijingSeptember 28, 2014 3:44 pm
A looser grip for Beijing’s heavy hand
Review by Henny Sender
In ‘Markets Over Mao’, Nicholas Lardy assesses the rise of private business in China
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c901183e-44be-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian-Americans throng Madison Square Garden for PM Narendra Modi speechPM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden: 'PIO cardholders to get lifetime Indian visa'
PTI | New York | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
 

Full House at Madison Square; 18000 plus audiences for PMSep 29, 2014, 07.49 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
PM Modi addresses NRIs at Madison Square Garden
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the NRIs at the Madison Square Garden. This is the first ever public address by an Indian PM in New York.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PM Modi addresses NRIs at Madison Square Garden
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the NRIs at the Madison Square Garden. This is the first ever public address by an Indian PM in New York.
Post your opinion here
10.40 pm: India has the capability to lead world from the front, says Modi
10.35 pm: India has got the potential to grow & prosper as a country, says Modi
10.30 pm: Democracy is one of India's greatest powers, says Narendra Modi
10.15 pm: India's biggest strength is its youth, says PM Modi
10.07 pm: The world admits that the 21st century belongs to Asia.
9.57 pm: Modi thanks NRIs for changing India's image abroad.
9.53 pm: Modi wishes a Happy Navaratri to all Indians listening to his speech.
9.35 pm: PM Modi to address NRIs at Madison Square Garden shortly.
9.30 pm: PM Modi at Madison Square Garden.
8.50 pm: Modi will be speaking from a huge rotating platform.
8.30 pm: First ever public address by an Indian PM in New York.
8.00 pm: Modi's speech expected to be one hour long
6.00 pm: Nearly 20,000 people line up to hear Modi's speech.
5.00 pm: Historic moment awaits Madison Square as Modi set to address Indian diaspora.
RELATED NEWS
READ MORE ON   Madison Square , Modi
ADS BY GOOGLE

AP to announce Solar  Wind policy soonAP to announce Solar, Wind policy soon
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 28,
With a view to giving a focussed approach to renewable energy sources, the Andhra Pradesh Government will soon come out with a Solar and Wind Policy soon. This is expected to create a congenial atmosphere for better utilisation of solar and wind power.
“The Government has pegged the wind power potential at 10,000 MW. The power utilities in the State will draw an action plan to tap this opportunity with the help of the Union Government,” K. Vijayanand, Managing Director of APGENCO and Chairman & Managing Director of APTRANSCO, said.
He was addressing a gathering after receiving the Eminent Engineer Award by the Institution of Engineers (India) and A V R Foundation here on Sunday.
He said that the Centre had picked Andhra Pradesh for the implementation of renewable energy power projects. This, he said, would help the State reduce the gap between demand and supply to some extent.
“Utilities have targeted to achieve renewable potential of nearly 9,180 MW by 2018-19. The distribution companies have finalised bids for procurement of 2,000 MW of power for the period June 2015 to May 2016. Bids have also been called for procurement of 2,400 MW on long term basis,” he said.
The Government would set up ultra mega solar parks with an installed capacity of 2500 MW in the Ananthapur, Kurnool and Kadapa districts.
D.Prabhakar Rao, Chairman and Managing Director of Telangana State Power Generation Corporation delivered the ninth endowment lecture of noted engineer Atluri Venkateswara Rao, a Government press release said.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Live: Vande Mataram   Jai Ho  set the tone for Modi address at Madison Square Garden8:23 am: 
8:23 am: 
7:09 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for India after his five-day visit to the US. He said, "Thank you America". "I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
11:58 pm: Agreed to create energy innovation laboratories in India, also agreed to upgrade our national parks-Vikram Doraiswami: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:43 pm: 
11:38 pm: PM Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King Memorial, the leader of African-American Civil Rights Movement: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
11:38 pm: US Vice President Joe Biden: Our ties have grown enormously #ModiMeetsObama
11:34 pm: John Kerry: India, US are two countries who begin Constitution with "We the People". we share the same economic and political imperatives. We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India's development & what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath.
11:30 pm: India-US to work together on disrupting financial & tactical support for LeT, JeM, D-company & Haqqani network. #ModiMeetsObama
11:29 pm: John Kerry: Mr PM, no matter how our warm our welcome here we are not going to be able to top the Madison Square Garden reception. #ModiMeetsObama
11:22 pm: India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India : MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:08 pm: I have extended an invitation to President Obama and his family to visit India: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:07 pm: The issue of climate change is a priority for both India and US: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:05 pm: 
11:04 pm: After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth - PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:02 pm: We had an open discussion on WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:57 pm: US President Obama: I am impressed with how PM Modi is working for the poorest of the poor and revitalising the economy. #ModiMeetsObama
10:56 pm: US President Obama : Discussed trade issues, maritime rules, fight against Islamic State with PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:54 pm: US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University. #ModiMeetsObama
10:53 pm: PM Modi: India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for further 10 years #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: PM Modi: I sought support fro President Obama for greater access to India's service companies #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
10:51 pm: PM Modi: I want to welcome US defence companies to boost our defence industry #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: PM Modi: I look forward to receive Obama and his family in India #ModiMeetsObama
10:48 pm: PM Modi: PM: We shared our concern over Ebola virus crisis #ModiMeetsObama
10:47 pm: We are both serious about resolving issues related to civil nuclear deal, it's important for India's energy security: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:46 pm: I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: We decided to deepen our existing ties with India: US President Barack Obama #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: Glad to meet Obama, thank him for his hospitality: PM Narendra Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:43 pm: We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism: Obama after meeting Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:39 pm: 
10:20 pm: PM Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:59 pm: India and US agree to extend their defence agreement for 10 years, say Pentagon sources: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:29 pm: President Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:28 pm: Modi, Obama both no-nonsense guys, they don't care about ceremonial things: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:27 pm: Strobe Talbott, President, Brookings Institution: Keen to know if India will back US action against ISIS #ModiMeetsObama
8:43 pm: PM Narendra Modi, US President Barack Obama to issue a joint statement shortly. #ModiMeetsObama
8:34 pm: 
8:29 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches White House for bilateral meet with President Barack Obama. #ModiMeetsObama
7:12 pm: 

Indian-Americans throng Madison Square Garden for Modi speechIndian-Americans throng Madison Square Garden for Modi speech
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
New York, Sep 28:  
Thousands of Indian-American supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi are lining up excitedly outside the iconic Madison Square Garden here to listen to his eagerly awaited speech.
Indian-American men, women and children wearing colourful Indian attire have gathered to greet the prime minister since early morning to hear him speak with long lines of people waiting to enter the venue.
Modi’s fans were seen carrying the Indian tricolour and wore traditional Indian garb with several groups of performers carrying drums and ‘dhols’ to give him a rousing welcome.
There was also a group of Tibetan women carrying banners in support of Modi.
The excitement is palpable as chants of “Modi Modi” rent the air. Strict security arrangements are in place with police barricades at several locations.
There is also a large group of anti-Modi protesters who have gathered outside the garden shouting slogans against the prime minister.
They are carrying banners reading “Modi — visa still denied”, “Wanted Narendra Modi for crimes against humanity”, “India must end oppression of minorities”, “Hindutva will destroy India” — led by the Alliance for Justice and Accountability.
Robindra Deb, an anti—Modi protester said, “We have gathered outside Madison Square Garden to remind the people of what happened in 2002 (Gujarat riots) under Modi’s governance.
Modi will address the community at a packed Madison Square Garden, while speaking from a 360-degree rotating platform, and those in attendance would include over 16,000 general public and about 2,600 VIP guests including a Governor, Senators and other elected officials in the US.
Besides the main venue, there would be at least 50 other locations across the country where special arrangements have been made for the live telecast of the prime minister’s speech and other events that include a nearly two-hour-long entertainment programme.
There is tremendous interest in the community in the US-India relationship and the event at Madison Square Garden has been oversubscribed by more than 10,000 people.
At 16.4 per cent, Indian-Americans are the third largest Asian-American group in the US, numbering 2.8 million strong, which is almost 1 per cent of the US population.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Jayalalithaa sentenced to four years in jail  fined Rs. 100 croreUpdated: September 28, 2014 08:08 IST
Jayalalithaa sentenced to four years in jail, fined Rs. 100 crore
Sruthisagar Yamunan
The Hindu AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa on her way to the Parappana Agrahara court complex in Bangalore on Saturday. A special court has convicted her in a disproportionate wealth case. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Sasikala, Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also given four years' imprisonment, fined Rs. 10 crore each
An epic 18-year-long legal battle ended in less than five minutes on Saturday. All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam supremo Jayalalithaa arrived at the Parappana Agrahara complex as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister. By the time the curtains were drawn on the dramatic day, she had lost her post after having been found guilty of corruption.
It took only five minutes for the Special Judge trying the case, John Michael Çunha, to pronounce the order convicting the four accused.
The three-time Chief Minister was sentenced to four years’ simple imprisonment and a Rs. 100-crore fine was imposed on her for offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act. Her co-accused — Sasikala Natarajan, V. Sudhakaran and J. Elavarasi — were sentenced to four years’ imprisonment with a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
In consequence, Ms. Jayalalithaa stood disqualified as an MLA and lost her position as Chief Minister. She would now be barred from contesting elections for the period of conviction plus six years — a total of 10 years.
Despite a plea for lenient punishment from Ms. Jayalalithaa, who cited her health and age, the judge took the view that such “serious” charges of corruption should be dealt with strictly.
He directed the court Registry to communicate the verdict to the Tamil Nadu Governor and the Speaker of the Assembly.

Alibaba pays $459 mn for stake in hotel tech...Alibaba pays $459 million for stake in Beijing Shiji Information Technology Co
By Reuters | 28 Sep, 2014, 05.41PM IST
0
Share More
Shiji provides IT consulting to hotels and sells software that manages room reservations, purchasing and inventory and point of sales systems.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd , in its first big investment since raising $25 billion in a record-breaking New York initial public offering, has bought 15 per cent of Chinese hospitality technology provider Beijing Shiji Information Technology Co Ltd for 2.81 billion yuan ($458.66 million).
The investment is expected to allow the e-commerce giant to develop its Taobao travel business alongside Beijing Shiji, including back-office services, while helping to migrate hotel customers to Alibaba's e-commerce website.
Beijing Shiji provides IT consulting to hotels in China's fast-growing market. It sells everything from software that manages room reservations, purchasing, inventory, and point of sales systems, to broadband networks and billing systems.
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange-listed firm says almost 6,000 hotels in China use its products, including 90 per cent of the country's five-star hotels, according to Sunday's filing. Its customers include Grant Hyatt Hotels , Marriott International Inc , Westin Hotels and Resorts and Sofitel Luxury Hotels.
Alibaba's Taobao (China) Software unit agreed to purchase 54.55 million shares of the company for 51.52 yuan per share, Beijing Shiji disclosed in a regulatory filing on Sunday. The deal should close early next month. An Alibaba spokesman declined to comment.
Alibaba initially partnered with Beijing Shiji in an agreement announced on March 28. Beijing Shiji's shares have gained more than 46 per cent since then.

Sonia  Rahul to commence 2-day visit to flood-hit J&KtomorrowPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 28, 2014 6:59 pm
Congress president Sonia Gandhi and party vice president Rahul Gandhi will reach out to people in the flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir during their two-day visit starting tomorrow.
“Sonia and Rahul are visiting J&K on a two days visit from tomorrow to meet the flood victims and assess damages caused to public property and infrastructure in worst-ever floods in the state, which has taken a toll on nearly 300 lives,” a senior party official said.
They will be flanked by Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad, AICC (I) General Secretary, In-charge Jammu and Kashmir, Ambika Soni and PCC (I) chief Prof Saif-ud-Din Soz during their visit.
When asked about the programme, Azad said that they are coming on two-days visit to J&K from Monday and their programme is being finalised.
Sonia and Rahul are expected to reach Srinagar tomorrow morning and will visit flood hit areas in Srinagar and South Kashmir in the Valley, besides some relief and rehabilitation camps and interact with flood victims and assess damage caused to houses, commercial establishments and Government infrastructure in the floods.
They will also be briefed by Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and Deputy Chief Minister Tara Chand during a meeting in Srinagar.
On September 30, the Gandhis are expected to fly to Poonch border district to meet the affected persons and hold a meeting in Jammu of party functionaries including Ministers.

LIVE: Thousands throng Madison Square for Narendra ModisspeechPrime Minister Narendra Modi gestures while addressing the audience at Madison Square Garden. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:47 pm
After delivering a power-packed speech at UNGA, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a packed Madison Square, New York on Sunday morning.
Thousands of Indian-American supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi were seen lining up excitedly outside the iconic Madison Square Garden to listen to his eagerly awaited speech.
Indian-American men, women and children wearing colourful Indian attire have gathered to greet the prime minister since early morning to hear him speak with long lines of people waiting to enter the venue.
Modi’s fans were seen carrying the Indian tricolour and wore traditional Indian garb with several groups of performers carrying drums and ‘dhols’ to give him a rousing welcome.
Follow all the live updates here.
8.26 pm: Miss America Nina Davuluri is MC for this event.
8.28 pm: The event kicked off with artists performing a number from Sharukh Kahn’s ‘Chakde India’ and Bruce Springsteen’s classic ‘Born in the USA’.
8.30 pm: On stage, are artists performing Gujarati folk dance.
8.43 pm: Playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy begins her performance with “I Love My India”.
9.00 pm: Members of Alliance for Justice and Accountablity holding a protest against Prime Minister Narendra Modi outside Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday.
(Source: PTI)
9.10 pm:  Supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi fill Madison Square Garden before before a reception by the Indian community in honor of Modi’s visit to the United States, Sunday.
9.15 pm: A painter creates a portrait of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi onstage as singer singer Kavitha Krishnamurthy, far left, performs during a reception by the Indian community in honor of the prime minister’s visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden.
9.30 pm: Traditional dancers perform during a reception by the Indian community in honor of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden.
9.42 pm: Modi arrives at Madison Square to a rousing reception by the crowd. Chants of “Modi, Modi…” ring through the 18,000 capacity stadium.
9.44 pm: The Indian anthem was sung by Kavita Krishnamurthy.
9.50 pm: Modi wishes every Indian a Happy Navaratri.
9.54 pm: There was a time when India was considered a land of snake charmers,thanks to you people and Information technology that the perception about our country has changed: PM Narendra Modi.
9.55 pm: Unlike our ancestors we play with mouse (referring to computers and IT), says Modi.
10.00 pm: I convey my thanks to all those who came to India during election campaign, says Modi.
10.05 pm: There is an atmosphere of hope and enthusiasm. India wants change, says Modi.
10.06 pm: 
We will be successful is fulfilling the aspirations of the people: PM Narendra Modi in New York City
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.08 pm: India has immense capabilities and possibilities, says Modi.
10.12 pm:
Winning elections is not about any post or chair. It is a responsibility. Since taking over, I haven’t even taken a 15 min vacation: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.15 pm: I might live miles away from you, But I do understand your issues: PM Modi.
10.22 pm:
Mahatma Gandhi made the freedom struggle a mass movement. Every Indian felt that yes, I am also a part of the freedom struggle: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.26 pm:
World will not have enough young people to work. We will cater to the manpower requirement: @narendramodi #namoInMadison
— The Indian Express (@IndianExpress) September 28, 2014
10.28 pm: For us, it took only Rs 7 per km to reach Mars, says Narendra Modi.
10.30 pm: We have given importance to skill development. We created a separate Ministry for skill development, says Modi.
10.34 pm:
— The Indian Express (@IndianExpress) September 28, 2014
10.36 pm:
I request you all to look at MyGov. Please visit the website and see how you can get involved: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.40 pm: Cleanliness of river Ganga is necessary, says Narendra Modi from Madison Square.
10.45 pm: PIO card holders – they have lot of visa issues. We decided they will get lifelong visas, says Modi.
10.50 pm:
Those who stay in India for long have to go to police stations too. They won’t have to do that now: PM on issues of PIO card holders
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
11.00 pm: Modi concludes his speech saying “Bharat Mata Ki Jai!”.
Excitement builds up at Madison Square before Modi’s speech.

Live: Nina Davuluri  Kavita Krishnamurthy perform at Modi s Madison Square eventNarendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 19:24 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:24 IST(29/9/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi finally got to thank his NRI (Non-Resident Indians) constituency for their support in getting him elected. And they finally got to see the man they had waited so long to see as Prime Minister.
  
Play Pause
Attendees stand as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives to speak at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Supporters wave an Indian flag as PM Modi prepares to give a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks to supporters during a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
A crowd of US-based supporters await the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
Dancers perform before India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the US. (Reuters Photo)
An artist carries Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait after making it in front of the crowd during a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the audience during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI ...
Supporters during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
The scoreboard shows a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi above the arena floor before a community reception for the Prime Minister at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP ...
A boy wearing a mask of PM Narendra Modi waves during the "Modi in America" event organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York ...
“Today, I say thanks to everyone,” said Modi, adding, “and I assure you I will never do anything to let you down.” His thank-you note came with a few goodies.
One, holders of Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cards would be given visas for their lifetime.
Two, people staying in India for a long period would not have to report to police stations periodically any more.
Three, measures will be initiated to end problems faced by those with non-Indian American spouses. PIO and Overseas Indian Cards would be merged into one shortly.
Four, US tourists will be given visa on arrival.
Five, outsourced consular services will be expanded.
“Happy?” Modi beamed to the packed venue, after announcing the first measure, which came at the end of a speech repeatedly interrupted by chants of “Modi, Modi”.
Dressed in a yellow kurta and peach waistcoat, the PM showed none of the strain of his navratri fast of just warm water, now into its fourth day on Sunday.
Read: Crush of US politicians meeting Modi
It was vintage Modi at the podium, feeding on the energy of the iconic Manhattan venue packed with supporters from 49 of the 50 states of the United States.
Also there to listen to a man who just stunned the world with a massive electoral victory were many US lawmakers, many of whom were in the middle of their own re-election campaigns.
The PM thanked his supporters, many of whom, as he said, had either travelled to India to campaign for him or supported him and the BJP from here.
Seshadri Kumar, who publishes a community paper, came to the reception all the way from Houston, Texas. “I could have stayed home and watched it on TV,” he said.
But this was a historic event and he wanted to be there.
Watch: The highlights of Modi's Madison Square speech
Acutely aware of the importance of the event, Modi quickly moved from recognising and thanking them for their support to reporting to them why they were right in choosing him.
The PM could have been speaking to an audience at home in India, explaining, as he did, his vision, his plans, his goals and ambitions for India.
“The government you have chosen will not leave any stone unturned in developing the country,” said Modi, adding, “this government will succeed in fulfilling all our aspirations.”
And here is why, he said. India cannot be stopped. India has three unique qualities which we need to recognise and present to the world: democracy, demographic dividend and demand (as consumers).
In a speech that was repeatedly interrupted by cheers and applause, the longest ovation was for the time when he said he grew up selling tea.
Everyone in the audience knew that story well — many of them had participated in his “Chai with Modi” events in the run up to the elections, but they couldn’t help themselves.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Top 10 quotes from Modi speech
 
“I have reached here by selling tea. I am a very small person… I am small and that is why I take interest in doing small work for small people. I am small that is why I have the intent to do big things for small people.” — his reply to people who ask him to talk of his “bada vision” (big vision).
 
“I will repay your debt by making the India of your dreams,”
 
“Earlier, Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
“Is this news?” — on reports that officials in India had started reporting for work on time.
 
“I have a dream that no family in India should be without a house in 2022. These are small things I am telling you, but these are the things which will turn India’s fortunes.” 
 
“Thousands of crores have been spent. People have told me Modi ji why are you getting involved in this tough work. If I had to do easy work, people would not have made me PM.” — on taking up the challenge of cleaning river Ganga
 
“There are many expectations from the government. I can say with belief, this government will succeed 100% in meeting people’s expectations.”
 
“A country which has such capable fingers… a country whose youth which is committed to development on its own…such a country has no need to turn back and look.”
 
“I haven’t taken even a 15-minute vacation since I’ve taken the PM’s post.”
 
“When 2019 comes, let us pledge to give Mahatma Gandhi — on his 150th birth anniversary — a clean India.”

UM Motorcycles  Lohia Auto form JVNEW DELHI, September 27, 2014
Updated: September 27, 2014 00:20 IST
UM Motorcycles, Lohia Auto form JV
Staff Reporter
joint venture
U.S.-based UM Motorcycles and Lohia Auto on Friday announced a joint venture firm to roll out a new range of motorcycles for the Indian market.
The partners plan to invest Rs.120 crore in the JV firm initially, UML. UML, which is expected to start production by the second quarter of 2015, would utilise Lohia Auto’s Kashipur manufacturing facility in Uttarakhand which has a capacity to produce one lakh units, to come out with the new products. “We are looking at India with a long-term perspective, with a vision to not only cater to domestic need but to also export to different parts of the world,” UM International Director Juan Villegas told reporters here.
The joint venture firm would begin with manufacturing cruisers and follow it up with other products.
Lohia Auto Director Ayush Lohia said, the CEO and CFO for the new venture would be appointed in 2-3 months.

Rane awaits details on ZF-TRW mergermerger, acquisition and takeover
The proposed deal may have a bearing on Rane group’s ongoing JV with TRW.
Rane Group is awaiting more clarity and details on the proposed transaction between German auto parts major ZF and its U.S. rival TRW Automotive. The proposed deal may have a bearing on Rane group’s ongoing JV with TRW.
Last week, ZF Friedrichshafen agreed to acquire U.S. auto parts maker TRW Automotive for about $11.7 billion.
TRW makes engine and safety parts such as seat belts and air bags. ZF, a closely held German engineering giant, specialises in transmissions and steering systems, as also some other automotive parts. This transaction is expected to be completed by the first-half of 2015.
Rane Group and TRW have a 50:50 joint venture, Rane TRW Steering Systems Ltd., for making steering systems, safety belts and airbags. While airbag business has been identified as a key growth area, other potential growth areas were also being evaluated.
It remains to be seen whether there will be any change or realignment in the Rane-TRW JV as a result of the merger of two global auto parts majors.
ZF has also been operating in India through its own subsidiaries.
When contacted for the possible impact of the ZF-TRW deal, Harish Lakshman, Director, Rane Holdings Ltd., said: “It is too premature to comment on the TRW ZF transaction. We are also awaiting details of the transactions. Details will be known in early 2015.”

Persisting inflation  a major concern: Rajaninflation and deflation
The central bank is also working on a producer price index
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor, Raghuram Rajan on Thursday reiterated that persisting inflation is a major concern and it has to be contained.
“The real problem is inflation that is persistent. We have been emphasising again and again in order to break the back of inflation, we got to break this persistence,” said Dr. Rajan while addressing the 8th Statistics Day Conference here.
He said that once inflation is contained, the RBI will be in a much more comfortable position. According to Dr. Rajan in the last few years, food inflation has been the most significant aspect of inflation and that there may be a link between Minimum Support Price (MSP) and inflation.
The central bank is also working on a producer price index, said Dr. Rajan. “We still don’t have a proper producer price index. It is extremely important to understand the differences between retail and wholesale prices. Those are things to worry about. We are trying to get this data and hope to receive it relatively soon,”
Further he said that there is a need to improve the quality, quantity and timeliness of GDP data. “We need to improve the quality, quantity and scope of our data. We are working on it. We certainly need timely information on employment… We need to get comprehensive data perhaps at a monthly level… In many other countries, the employment data forms the basis for a number of decisions on the monetary policy,” said Dr. Rajan.
Construction sector
Dr. Rajan said it is important to get data on construction sector as quickly, capture and get comprehensive data on consumption.

European spacecraft to land on comet in Nove...European spacecraft to land on comet in November
By PTI | 28 Sep, 2014, 06.08PM IST
Philae's landing site, currently known as Site J, is located on the smaller of the comet's two 'lobes', with a backup site on the larger lobe. <br><br> <i> Representative image </i>
ET SPECIAL:
LONDON: The European Space Agency will attempt to land the first spacecraft on a comet in November to provide clues to the solar system's 4.6 billion-year history.
ESA's Rosetta mission will deploy its lander, Philae, to the surface of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko on November 12.
Philae's landing site, currently known as Site J, is located on the smaller of the comet's two 'lobes', with a backup site on the larger lobe.
The sites were selected just six weeks after Rosetta arrived at the comet on August 6, following its 10-year journey through the Solar System.
In that time, the Rosetta mission has been conducting an unprecedented scientific analysis of the comet, a remnant of the solar system's 4.6 billion-year history.
Site J was chosen unanimously over four other candidate sites as the primary landing site because the majority of terrain within a square kilometre area has slopes of less than 30 degrees relative to the local vertical and because there are relatively few large boulders, ESA said.
The area also receives sufficient daily illumination to recharge Philae and continue surface science operations beyond the initial 64-hour battery-powered phase.
Over the last two weeks, the flight dynamics and operations teams at ESA have been making a detailed analysis of flight trajectories and timings for Rosetta to deliver the lander at the earliest possible opportunity.
Two robust landing scenarios have been identified, one for the primary site and one for the backup. Both anticipate separation and landing on November 12.
For the primary landing scenario, targeting Site J, Rosetta will release Philae at a distance of 22.5 km from the centre of the comet, landing about seven hours later.
Final confirmation of the primary landing site and its landing scenario will be made on October 14 after a formal Lander Operations Readiness Review, which will include the results of additional high-resolution analysis of the landing sites conducted in the meantime.
The Rosetta orbiter will continue to study the comet and its environment using its 11 science instruments as they orbit the Sun together, said ESA.
The comet is on an elliptical 6.5-year orbit that takes it from beyond Jupiter at its furthest point, to between the orbits of Mars and Earth at its closest to the Sun.
Rosetta will accompany the comet for more than a year as they swing around the Sun and back to the outer solar system again.
The analyses made by the Rosetta orbiter will be complemented by the in situ measurements performed by Philae's 10 instruments.

Islamist extremism spreads to London schoolsChristian assemblies
(Schools in the British capital…)
LONDON: Schools in the British capital face probe after fears that some of them might have fallen under the influence of Islamist extremism , with officials believing the situation could be worse than that uncovered in the Trojan Horse scandal in Birmingham.
The UK government had earlier this year ordered an inquiry into a so-called Trojan Horse plot by Islamist extremists to infiltrate schools in Birmingham, which has a large Muslim population - nearly 22 per cent.
Government sources have said that officials at the UK's Department for Education (DfE) are concerned that the situation may be worse than that uncovered in the Trojan Horse scandal.
As many as a dozen schools in the east London borough of Tower Hamlets, a predominantly Bangladeshi Muslim area of the city, face investigation, the sources told The Sunday Times.
"Tower Hamlets is expected to be the next Birmingham, but even worse, because the problems surrounding Muslim fundamentalists imposing their views on education seem to be more embedded," a source said.
Both secular state schools and private Islamic schools are under suspicion, and there are concerns that non-Muslim teachers are staying silent for fear of losing their jobs.
"The DfE will rely on whistleblowers to come forward about non-Muslim teachers being sidelined by Muslim fundamentalists in the borough," the source told the newspaper.
"But potential whistleblowers fear they may be bullied, further sidelined or fired if they raise concerns."
Allegations about the imposition of extreme views in Tower Hamlets classrooms come as UK schools inspectorate Ofsted prepares to publish the findings of emergency inspections of 40 schools in England in the past fortnight.
The prospect of a new Trojan Horse-style scandal in Tower Hamlets will alarm ministers.
The original plot, first revealed by The Sunday Times, resulted in the removal of several head teachers and boards of governors in Birmingham.
A report into the scandal by Peter Clarke, a former head of counter-terrorism at Scotland Yard, found evidence of a "sustained" attempt to impose hardline Muslim views, with female staff bullied and Christian assemblies scrapped.
The DfE said: "If any evidence of extremism is presented to us, we will investigate."
FEATURED ARTICLES

What The Wire and The Good Wife have in commonBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 26 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Matt Czuchry as Cary Agos, Christine Baranski as Diane Lockhart and Archie Panjabi as Kalinda Sharma in “The Good Wife.” (Jeff Neumann)
The return of “The Good Wife” to television is always one of the most welcome moments of the fall, and this year was no exception. The series, which stars Julianna Margulies as lawyer and Illinois first lady Alicia Florrick, kicked off its its sixth season with a corker of a plot development: Alicia’s business partner, Cary Agos (Matt Czuchry), was arrested for transporting a quantity and kind of drug so serious that his status as a seriously pale white boy could not save him.
The source of the charge appears to be long-time Florrick client Lemond Bishop (Mike Colter), a drug dealer with legitimate businesses. The prospect of Bishop playing a more significant role in this season of “The Good Wife” is a delight, not least because Colter’s performance is a wonderful amalgam of menace and emotional vulnerability. Rather, it means that “The Good Wife,” which shares many interests with the acclaimed HBO drama “The Wire” including the role of technology in law enforcement and the dark magic of political optics, is picking up where “The Wire” left off on questions of masculinity and respectability.
Watching Lemond Bishop move through the first five seasons of “The Good Wife” like a reclusive shark has been fascinating not least because the character is a continuation of the truncated story of Stringer Bell, the magnetic, sophisticated drug dealer from “The Wire,” whose ascent towards legitimacy took a fatal detour in the show’s third season.
Stringer quickly became a breakout character on the first season of “The Wire” not just because of Idris Elba’s magnetic performance, but because the character himself was surprising. Detective Jimmy McNulty (Dominic West) trailed Bell and found him taking economics classes at a community college. On another occasion, McNulty spotted Bell at a Baltimore farmer’s market. Stringer was sophisticated, decidedly un-street by comparison to his best friend, Avon Barksdale (Wood Harris), whose dreams extended only as far as conquering Baltimore’s drug game.
But the gap between Stringer’s grasp and his gaze are what set him up for tragedy. His ambitions to become a serious real estate developer alienate him from Avon, who is not particularly interested in making the transition to legitimate business. And they expose him to terrible embarrassment when Stringer thinks he has cut a deal with a corrupt local politician, only to realize the man views him as an ignorant mark to be tapped for cash.
When Stringer is murdered in the third season of “The Wire,” McNulty is forced to reckon with the full gap between his initial assumption that Stringer was just a smarter-than-average criminal and the apartment Stringer leaves behind, full of books and a feudal-style Japanese sword (itself a stab at sophistication by someone who is still sorting out what is cultured and what is gauche).
On “The Good Wife,” Lemond Bishop is what Stringer Bell might have become had he lived, and had he overcome his own rage and humiliation at his initial experiences with politics. He operates legal businesses, though he has not gotten out of the drug game entirely, a division that lets Bishop simultaneously penetrate respectable Chicago society and keep troublesome employees who might not fit in at law firm parties close, rather than cutting them loose entirely.
Bishop also has a family, or at least a much-beloved son, who he tries to protect from seeing Bishop treated like a criminal. That attempt to separate his criminal and family life only extends so far: Bishop’s wife died in mysterious circumstances when she seemed to be pushing for a messy, public divorce that would have exposed how Bishop makes his money.
Family was something Stringer never quite achieved. Rather than conducting his own relationships, he attached himself like a parasite to other people’s families. When D’Angelo Barksdale (Larry Gilliard Jr.) goes to jail, Stringer takes up with the younger man’s girlfriend, Donette (Shamyl Brown). And when Avon Barksdale comes home from prison, Stringer sets him up in a gorgeous new apartment. It is the sort of gesture a man makes to a wife or mistress, rather than a friend.
And Bishop has also mastered the sort of charm that Stringer never had a chance to develop. He is smooth enough to sidle up to the governor of Illinois and suggest the two men find a way to work together. If the money Bishop has his associates tote around in shopping bags is the reason he gets invited to snazzy parties at all, Bishop is cool enough not to be insulted by it. Stringer, by contrast, blows his cool when he finds out that he has to pay more bribes to get permits. Where Stringer gets derailed by the prospect of the price of a ticket to play in politics, Bishop keeps his focus on what he is buying admission to.
If Stringer Bell’s story was about how it feels for an individual to try and fail to achieve respectability, it looks like “The Good Wife” is finally ready to reckon with the other side of that dynamic: what it means for so-called respectable people to relax their standards of decency in the face of money.
Lemond Bishop has always posed a threat to Alicia Florrick, her colleagues and her husband. He might not be alone in that – Alicia and her husband have stepped over ethical lines in order to woo a tech titan, too. But Bishop’s involvement in this story moves the consequences from the rather polite realms of political corruption and private qualms to the rougher regions of jail and violence. Alicia and her colleagues thought they could dabble in Bishop’s game without being infected by the more distasteful parts of his business. This season may test just how wrong they were.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Indian-Americans throng Madison Square Garden | CoverageBarack Obama
(Indian-American men, women…)
NEW YORK: Indian-Americans from across the nation gave a "rock star" treatment to Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the prestigious Madison Square Garden in the Big Apple, where nearly 20,000 strong gathering of Indian Diaspora welcomed the Indian leader.
Shouting slogans like 'Narendra Modi Zindabaad', 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai' and 'Welcome Modi', Indian-Americans started arriving at the venue since early in the morning. People were seen waiting in long queues.
By 9 p.m. a large number of people were dressed in Modi T-shirt with portrait of Modi on it. Many were holding banners and slogans like 'America Loves Modi'.
Some 20,000 people packed the Madison Square Garden for the largest event of its kind for the Indian-American community organised by the recently formed Indian-American Community Foundation (IACF), and supported by more than 400 Indian-American organizers from across the country.
"He is a rock star," said young college going Deepa Kaur. "We have a lot of expectations from him," she said. Never seen before, the organisers had lined up a number of cultural events including popular songs, folk dances. People were seen dancing to the tune of these cultural events.
More than 200 media, a significantly large number of them from India, had registered for the event; which organisers said is unprecedented for an Indian American event.
"He is the first Prime Minister who is connected to the NRI (non-resident Indian community). That's why you see such a large number of people. We filled up the seats in just two weeks. It has never happened in the history of the Madison Square Garden that seats gets filled up some three weeks before the event," said Anil Sharma, one of the volunteers of the event.
In fact, more than 2,000 volunteers worked day and night for the past three weeks to make he program a success.
"It's Modi Mania," said Ankit Patel. "It's a life time event," he said.
In fact the event attracted some three dozen Congressmen including several power lawmakers like Senator Robert Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee; Congressman Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Relations Committee, and Congressman Ami Bera.
South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal were also present. A huge contingent of Indian-American corporate leaders and IT professionals came in from the Silicon Valley for the mega event.
The New York Times in a headline 'Indian Leader Narendra Modi, Once Unwelcome in US gets a Rock Star Reception' story today wrote Modi will receive a rally fit for a rock star.
Modi's fans were seen carrying the Indian tricolour and wore traditional Indian garb with several groups of performers carrying drums and 'dhols' to give him a rousing welcome.
There was also a group of Tibetan women carrying banners in support of Modi.
Strict security arrangements are in place with police barricades at several locations.
Besides the main venue, there would be at least 50 other locations across the country where special arrangements have been made for the live telecast of the prime minister's speech and other events that include a nearly two-hour-long entertainment programme.
At 16.4 per cent, Indian-Americans are the third largest Asian-American group in the US, numbering 2.8 million strong, which is almost 1 per cent of the US population.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: PM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden awaited  Indian-Americans drive frenzyPM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden: 'PIO cardholders to get lifetime Indian visa'
PTI | New York | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
 

LIVE: Our ancestors played with snakes  we play with the mouse  says NarendraModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi gestures while addressing the audience at Madison Square Garden. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:47 pm
After delivering a power-packed speech at UNGA, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a packed Madison Square, New York on Sunday morning.
Thousands of Indian-American supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi were seen lining up excitedly outside the iconic Madison Square Garden to listen to his eagerly awaited speech.
Indian-American men, women and children wearing colourful Indian attire have gathered to greet the prime minister since early morning to hear him speak with long lines of people waiting to enter the venue.
Modi’s fans were seen carrying the Indian tricolour and wore traditional Indian garb with several groups of performers carrying drums and ‘dhols’ to give him a rousing welcome.
Follow all the live updates here.
8.26 pm: Miss America Nina Davuluri is MC for this event.
8.28 pm: The event kicked off with artists performing a number from Sharukh Kahn’s ‘Chakde India’ and Bruce Springsteen’s classic ‘Born in the USA’.
8.30 pm: On stage, are artists performing Gujarati folk dance.
8.43 pm: Playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy begins her performance with “I Love My India”.
9.00 pm: Members of Alliance for Justice and Accountablity holding a protest against Prime Minister Narendra Modi outside Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday.
(Source: PTI)
9.10 pm:  Supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi fill Madison Square Garden before before a reception by the Indian community in honor of Modi’s visit to the United States, Sunday.
9.15 pm: A painter creates a portrait of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi onstage as singer singer Kavitha Krishnamurthy, far left, performs during a reception by the Indian community in honor of the prime minister’s visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden.
9.30 pm: Traditional dancers perform during a reception by the Indian community in honor of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden.
9.42 pm: Modi arrives at Madison Square to a rousing reception by the crowd. Chants of “Modi, Modi…” ring through the 18,000 capacity stadium.
9.44 pm: The Indian anthem was sung by Kavita Krishnamurthy.
9.50 pm: Modi wishes every Indian a Happy Navaratri.
9.54 pm: There was a time when India was considered a land of snake charmers,thanks to you people and Information technology that the perception about our country has changed: PM Narendra Modi.
9.55 pm: Unlike our ancestors we play with mouse (referring to computers and IT), says Modi.
10.00 pm: I convey my thanks to all those who came to India during election campaign, says Modi.
10.05 pm: There is an atmosphere of hope and enthusiasm. India wants change, says Modi.
10.06 pm: 
We will be successful is fulfilling the aspirations of the people: PM Narendra Modi in New York City
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.08 pm: India has immense capabilities and possibilities, says Modi.
10.12 pm:
Winning elections is not about any post or chair. It is a responsibility. Since taking over, I haven’t even taken a 15 min vacation: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.15 pm: I might live miles away from you, But I do understand your issues: PM Modi.
10.22 pm:
Mahatma Gandhi made the freedom struggle a mass movement. Every Indian felt that yes, I am also a part of the freedom struggle: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.26 pm:
World will not have enough young people to work. We will cater to the manpower requirement: @narendramodi #namoInMadison
— The Indian Express (@IndianExpress) September 28, 2014
10.28 pm: For us, it took only Rs 7 per km to reach Mars, says Narendra Modi.
10.30 pm: We have given importance to skill development. We created a separate Ministry for skill development, says Modi.
10.34 pm:
— The Indian Express (@IndianExpress) September 28, 2014
10.36 pm:
I request you all to look at MyGov. Please visit the website and see how you can get involved: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.40 pm: Cleanliness of river Ganga is necessary, says Narendra Modi from Madison Square.
10.45 pm: PIO card holders – they have lot of visa issues. We decided they will get lifelong visas, says Modi.
10.50 pm:
Those who stay in India for long have to go to police stations too. They won’t have to do that now: PM on issues of PIO card holders
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
11.00 pm: Modi concludes his speech saying “Bharat Mata Ki Jai!”.
Excitement builds up at Madison Square before Modi’s speech.

Happy Hobbit Day! You Can Vacation Like Bilbo5 places where you can vacation like a hobbit on Hobbit Day
A. Pawlowski TODAY contributor
Email
©Warner Bros/Courtesy Everett Collection
"In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort." -- J.R.R. Tolkien
For an unusual adventure, let a hobbit be your travel guide.
Sept. 22 is Hobbit Day , which marks the birthdays of both Bilbo and Frodo Baggins, the beloved height-challenged, hairy-footed characters in J. R. R. Tolkien’s books.
This year, it also comes as fans await “The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies,” the final film in Peter Jackson’s trilogy – set to arrive in theaters in December.
Inspired to start your own unexpected journey yet? Here are five places where you can vacation like a hobbit:
1. The Shire of Montana
This may be the option closest to home, located on an 80-acre ranch near Trout Creek, the “huckleberry capital of Montana.”
When owner Steve Michaels was building an underground guest home that would stay cool in the summer, the contractor’s son remarked that it looked just like a hobbit hole.
Courtesy Steve Michaels
The Hobbit House in Montana has attracted visitors from as far away as Singapore, Japan, Australia and Germany, owner Steve Michaels says.
“That’s when a little bell went off,” Michaels told TODAY.com.
He didn’t know much about Tolkien’s work, so he started watching the “Lord of the Rings” trilogy to get the look just right, adding murals and filling the dwelling with whimsical wood furniture. 
The Hobbit House opened to guests in 2008, with Michaels adding more touches each year. There’s now a 20-acre village with miniature hobbit holes, dragon flies that light up at night and trees with hidden surprises.
“We didn’t make it for the money… this is more for my relaxation, my fun, my creativity,” Michaels said. “It’s an enchanted tourist home.”
If dressing up Middle-earth-style strikes your fancy, Michaels keeps accessories such as Gandalf’s hat and a pair of hairy hobbit feet on the premises so visitors can pose for photos.
The house is available to book from May through November. Price: $295 per night for double occupancy. Hobbithouseofmontana.com
2. Hobbiton Movie Set – near Matamata, New Zealand
As “Lord of the Rings” and “Hobbit” director Peter Jackson flew over New Zealand to scout for locations for his films, he loved this 1,250-acre sheep farm in the beautiful countryside as the setting for Hobbiton and Bag End, the home of Bilbo and Frodo.
Ian J Brodie / Hobbiton Movie Set
The Hobbiton Movie Set features 44 hobbit holes built for Peter Jackson's movies.
Constructed in 1999, and rebuilt in 2009, the set is open to guests eager to visit the hobbit holes featured in the movies, have a drink at the Green Dragon Inn and experience life, Shire-style. 
Though there are currently no accommodations on the site, the owners may look into adding that option, said sales manager Henry Horne.
Hobbiton does arrange farm stays with local families in nearby private homes for visitors seeking a “true kiwi lifestyle experience,” added Melissa Beets, manager of Rural Tours.
Price: NZ$75 (about $61) per adult for Hobbiton tours; NZ$155 (about $127) for double occupancy for the farm stays. Hobbitontours.com
3. Hobbit Motel -- Woodlyn Park, Otorohanga, New Zealand
Grass roof, check. Round doors and windows, check. Bucolic scenery, check. Welcome to the Hobbit Motel, built on a working farm that’s already known for its selection of unusual accommodations, including a Plane Motel and a Boat Motel.
Two units are available to book in the hobbit-themed inn, which is located near the Waitomo Glowworm Caves , a popular New Zealand attraction.
Price: NZ$285 (about $237) per night for double occupancy. Waitomomotel.co.nz
4. Hobbit Boutique Hotel – Bloemfontein, South Africa
Fans heading to New Zealand in search of all things “Hobbit” may be surprised that part of Tolkien’s legacy lies in Africa.
The author was born in 1892 in Bloemfontein, a city that is now part of South Africa, and that’s where you will find the Hobbit Boutique Hotel, which promises “top-notch accommodation with just a touch of JRR Tolkien history.”
Each room is named after a “Lord of the Rings” character, so when booking you can choose to stay in the “Frodo,” the “Bilbo” or the “Legolas” – 12 rooms in all.
Prices start at about $60 a night for a twin room. Hobbit.co.za
5. Hobbit Houses at the Wheal Tor Hotel – Cornwall, England
Call it camping, hobbit-style. Located near Bodmin Moor, this small hotel has built a handful of rustic “Hobbit Houses” with bright red doors and round windows in the nearby woods for guests who want to spend time closer to nature. Each cabin has heat and light, but some require visitors to bring their own beds.
Prices start at £12 ($20) per person per day. Bodminmoorhotel.co.uk
Happy hobbit travels!
Follow A. Pawlowski on Google+ and Twitter .
Tags:

When Bollywood fell in love with cricketCelebrity
When Bollywood fell in love with cricket
Link ups are a part of Bollywood celebs’ lives. At least once in their career, they have been linked to their fellow actors or businessmen or cricketers.
It is the latter which make for amusing read as to how two important recreational activities of this nation coalesce. Here are some of the Bollywood-cricket romances.
1 / 14

Vadodara violence flares  mobile data services offHeavy police presence across the city on Saturday. (Source: Express)
Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: September 28, 2014 2:56 am | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:08 am
The slow-burning violence in Vadodara escalated on Saturday evening after a man was stabbed in the Yakutpura area of the city. In the morning, mobile data services were suspended until September 30 to block out rumours on social media.
The violence that broke out on Thursday, the first day of Navratri after an objectionable picture was circulated on WhatsApp, spread to the old city areas of Panigate, Wadi, Yakutpura and Fatehpura on Saturday. Members of both communities threw stones and petrol bombs at each other.
Police burst around three dozen teargas shells and fired eight rounds in the air after an attempt was allegedly made to set  a police chowki on fire.
A violent clash broke out in the Taiwadi area after a 28-year old man was attacked with swords in the Janmangal ni pol of Muslim-dominated Yakutpura, witnesses said. As the severely injured man was rushed to SSG Hospital, mobs took to the streets to avenge the attack.
Residents of the walled city said tensions ran high after an argument between two groups in Fatehpura around 8.30 pm. The police, SRPF and RAF units hunkered down in the area, and Police Commissioner E Radhakrishnaiah was out on the street himself. Police were “bringing the situation under control”, he said.
There were allegations — denied by the police — that 10 youths had been rounded up from a local garba for violating prohibitory orders. Organisers of the garba said they had had to plead with the police to let the youths go. “We were not involved in any rioting, and were targeted for no reason,” one of the youths said.
A city police officer said the police were only doing their job.
“We are just dispersing all people from the streets to prevent any more clashes. The situation is under control although there is tension. Our forces are deployed everywhere now. We have also called in local community leaders from both sides to advise them to maintain calm,” the officer said.

7 666 candidates file nomination for Maharashtra Assembly electionsSep 28, 2014 at 07:09pm IST
7,666 candidates file nomination for Maharashtra Assembly elections
7
0
Mumbai: As many as 7,666 candidates have filed their nominations for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls, which is set to witness a five-cornered contest in all the 288 constituencies.
The nomination process ended on Saturday with 7,666 candidates filing their papers, state electoral office said on Sunday.
The highest 91 nominations have been filed from Nanded-South constituency while the lowest nine each have been filed at Guhagar (in Ratnagiri), Mahim (Mumbai) and Kudal (Sindhudurg) seats.
Chavan filed nomination from Karad South amidst rousing welcome from supporters.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #prithviraj chavan #narayan rane
Congress campaign committee chief Narayan Rane is contesting from Kudal.
On the last day of filing of nominations on Saturday, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Home Minister RR Patil filed their papers.
Chavan, who resigned as Chief Minister after NCP pulled out of the government, filed nomination from Karad South amidst rousing welcome from supporters.
This will be Chavan's first electoral battle after he lost the 1999 Lok Sabha elections from Karad, which he represented thrice. MNS chief Raj Thackeray, who had declared at a rally a few months ago that he would enter the electoral battle by contesting the polls, will not contest.
The Congress has fielded candidates for all the 288 seats, while the NCP's 286 candidates will be in the fray. BJP has fielded candidates in 257 seats, state party spokesperson Keshav Upadhye had said on Saturday.
"The remaining 31 seats have been given to our allies," he had said.
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray, whose name was being pitched by his party as the Chief Ministerial candidate, is also not contesting.
The Sena declared a list of 286 candidates. The two constituencies where the party has not fielded candidates are Parli, where Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja is BJP nominee, and Byculla, where Arun Gawli's daughter Geeta is nominee.
The scrutiny will take place on September 29 and last date of withdrawing the nominations is September 30.
4

Yavatmal district: Local Congress leaders unhappy as new faces are being given tickets1
0
Yavatmal: Even as a quadrangular fight is likely in the seven assembly segments of Maharashtra's Yavatmal district, some local Congress leaders are irked at being sidelined with new faces being given tickets.
In Yavatmal Assembly constituency, state Congress president Manikrao Thakre's son Rahul filed his nomination shortly before deadline. Nandini Nilesh Parvekar, the sitting MLA from there, had been earlier recommended for the seat.
At Digras seat, the party has fielded Devanand Pawar, a new face. Local Congress leader Sanjay Deshmukh, who was earlier an independent MLA from Digras, said, "I should have been considered either for Digras or Yavatmal, but the party did not give me the ticket."
Even as a quadrangular fight is likely in the seven assembly segments of Maharashtra's Yavatmal district, some Congress leaders are irked at being sidelined.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #yavatmal district
Deshmukh claimed that he had joined the party in 2009 and at that time he was assured of a ticket during the next state elections.
Likewise, Congress leader Jeevan Patil, the younger brother of former MP late Uttamrao Patil, said he was hoping to get a ticket from Digras.
Jeevan said his family has contributed a lot towards the party, but his repeated requests for a ticket were ignored.
Barring Yavatmal seat, the Congress has retained all the sitting MLAs for their respective constituencies.
In 2004, there were eight Assembly segments in Yavatmal which were reduced to seven in 2009 after delimitation.
The total strength of the electorate in the district's seven constituencies - Wani, Ralegaon (ST), Yavatmal, Digras, Arni(ST), Pusad and Umarkhed (SC) - is 20,22,345.
The four major parties Congress, NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena have put up candidates in all the seven cities, while it would be a five-cornered contest at Wani where Raj Thackeray's MNS has also fielded a candidate.
There are 2,339 polling stations in the district of which 60 have been identified as sensitive and 11 as most sensitive, Chief Returning Officer and District Collector Rahulranjan Mahiwal said.
Eighteen police check posts have been made under 29 police stations in the district to keep a close vigil on the incoming vehicles during the election period.
0

Delhi metro halted  stolen Rs 1.60 lakh recoveredSep 28, 2014 at 07:22pm IST
Delhi metro halted, stolen Rs 1.60 lakh recovered
24
1
New Delhi: Prompt action by CISF personnel in halting a Delhi Metro train helped a businessman get back his stolen Rs 160,000 and in nabbing the culprit, an official said on Sunday
An alert was sounded at 3.11 pm on Saturday at the Noida City Centre Metro station on Delhi Metro's Noida-Dwarka line as soon as R.K. Tiwari, 40, of Satna in Madhya Pradesh informed a Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) sub-inspector that his bag was missing from the baggage screening machine.
Tiwari told the official that his bag, containing Rs.160,000 in cash, passed through a baggage X-ray machine but did not appear on the output roller.
Prompt action by CISF personnel in halting a Delhi Metro train helped a businessman get back his stolen Rs 160,000.
#delhi metro #delhi #money
"The sub-inspector informed the CISF control room where the CCTV footage was verified and a man picking up the bag identified," CISF spokesperson Hemendra Singh said.
"As the man had boarded a Metro train, we asked the driver to stop. Accused Jaspal was apprehended and handed over to Noida Police. The bag with the money was recovered from his possession," Singh said.
23

Live: Haven t taken even a 15 min vacation after becoming PM  says Modi at MSGNarendra Modi takes centre stage at Madison Square; bag of goodies for Indian diaspora
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  New York, September 28, 2014
First Published: 19:24 IST(28/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:24 IST(29/9/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi finally got to thank his NRI (Non-Resident Indians) constituency for their support in getting him elected. And they finally got to see the man they had waited so long to see as Prime Minister.
  
Play Pause
Attendees stand as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives to speak at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Supporters wave an Indian flag as PM Modi prepares to give a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks to supporters during a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
A crowd of US-based supporters await the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a community reception at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP Photo)
Dancers perform before India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the US. (Reuters Photo)
An artist carries Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait after making it in front of the crowd during a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the audience during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI ...
Supporters during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
The scoreboard shows a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi above the arena floor before a community reception for the Prime Minister at Madison Square Garden in New York. (AFP ...
A boy wearing a mask of PM Narendra Modi waves during the "Modi in America" event organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York ...
“Today, I say thanks to everyone,” said Modi, adding, “and I assure you I will never do anything to let you down.” His thank-you note came with a few goodies.
One, holders of Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cards would be given visas for their lifetime.
Two, people staying in India for a long period would not have to report to police stations periodically any more.
Three, measures will be initiated to end problems faced by those with non-Indian American spouses. PIO and Overseas Indian Cards would be merged into one shortly.
Four, US tourists will be given visa on arrival.
Five, outsourced consular services will be expanded.
“Happy?” Modi beamed to the packed venue, after announcing the first measure, which came at the end of a speech repeatedly interrupted by chants of “Modi, Modi”.
Dressed in a yellow kurta and peach waistcoat, the PM showed none of the strain of his navratri fast of just warm water, now into its fourth day on Sunday.
Read: Crush of US politicians meeting Modi
It was vintage Modi at the podium, feeding on the energy of the iconic Manhattan venue packed with supporters from 49 of the 50 states of the United States.
Also there to listen to a man who just stunned the world with a massive electoral victory were many US lawmakers, many of whom were in the middle of their own re-election campaigns.
The PM thanked his supporters, many of whom, as he said, had either travelled to India to campaign for him or supported him and the BJP from here.
Seshadri Kumar, who publishes a community paper, came to the reception all the way from Houston, Texas. “I could have stayed home and watched it on TV,” he said.
But this was a historic event and he wanted to be there.
Watch: The highlights of Modi's Madison Square speech
Acutely aware of the importance of the event, Modi quickly moved from recognising and thanking them for their support to reporting to them why they were right in choosing him.
The PM could have been speaking to an audience at home in India, explaining, as he did, his vision, his plans, his goals and ambitions for India.
“The government you have chosen will not leave any stone unturned in developing the country,” said Modi, adding, “this government will succeed in fulfilling all our aspirations.”
And here is why, he said. India cannot be stopped. India has three unique qualities which we need to recognise and present to the world: democracy, demographic dividend and demand (as consumers).
In a speech that was repeatedly interrupted by cheers and applause, the longest ovation was for the time when he said he grew up selling tea.
Everyone in the audience knew that story well — many of them had participated in his “Chai with Modi” events in the run up to the elections, but they couldn’t help themselves.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Top 10 quotes from Modi speech
 
“I have reached here by selling tea. I am a very small person… I am small and that is why I take interest in doing small work for small people. I am small that is why I have the intent to do big things for small people.” — his reply to people who ask him to talk of his “bada vision” (big vision).
 
“I will repay your debt by making the India of your dreams,”
 
“Earlier, Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
“Is this news?” — on reports that officials in India had started reporting for work on time.
 
“I have a dream that no family in India should be without a house in 2022. These are small things I am telling you, but these are the things which will turn India’s fortunes.” 
 
“Thousands of crores have been spent. People have told me Modi ji why are you getting involved in this tough work. If I had to do easy work, people would not have made me PM.” — on taking up the challenge of cleaning river Ganga
 
“There are many expectations from the government. I can say with belief, this government will succeed 100% in meeting people’s expectations.”
 
“A country which has such capable fingers… a country whose youth which is committed to development on its own…such a country has no need to turn back and look.”
 
“I haven’t taken even a 15-minute vacation since I’ve taken the PM’s post.”
 
“When 2019 comes, let us pledge to give Mahatma Gandhi — on his 150th birth anniversary — a clean India.”

Live: PM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden:  Democracy  demographic dividend  demand are 3 unique strengths of IndiaPM Narendra Modi speech at Madison Square Garden: 'PIO cardholders to get lifetime Indian visa'
PTI | New York | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
Sep 29 2014, 02:05  IST
 

LIVE: I am a small guy who does big things for small people  says NarendraModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi gestures while addressing the audience at Madison Square Garden. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New York | Posted: September 28, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 11:47 pm
After delivering a power-packed speech at UNGA, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a packed Madison Square, New York on Sunday morning.
Thousands of Indian-American supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi were seen lining up excitedly outside the iconic Madison Square Garden to listen to his eagerly awaited speech.
Indian-American men, women and children wearing colourful Indian attire have gathered to greet the prime minister since early morning to hear him speak with long lines of people waiting to enter the venue.
Modi’s fans were seen carrying the Indian tricolour and wore traditional Indian garb with several groups of performers carrying drums and ‘dhols’ to give him a rousing welcome.
Follow all the live updates here.
8.26 pm: Miss America Nina Davuluri is MC for this event.
8.28 pm: The event kicked off with artists performing a number from Sharukh Kahn’s ‘Chakde India’ and Bruce Springsteen’s classic ‘Born in the USA’.
8.30 pm: On stage, are artists performing Gujarati folk dance.
8.43 pm: Playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy begins her performance with “I Love My India”.
9.00 pm: Members of Alliance for Justice and Accountablity holding a protest against Prime Minister Narendra Modi outside Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday.
(Source: PTI)
9.10 pm:  Supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi fill Madison Square Garden before before a reception by the Indian community in honor of Modi’s visit to the United States, Sunday.
9.15 pm: A painter creates a portrait of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi onstage as singer singer Kavitha Krishnamurthy, far left, performs during a reception by the Indian community in honor of the prime minister’s visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden.
9.30 pm: Traditional dancers perform during a reception by the Indian community in honor of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden.
9.42 pm: Modi arrives at Madison Square to a rousing reception by the crowd. Chants of “Modi, Modi…” ring through the 18,000 capacity stadium.
9.44 pm: The Indian anthem was sung by Kavita Krishnamurthy.
9.50 pm: Modi wishes every Indian a Happy Navaratri.
9.54 pm: There was a time when India was considered a land of snake charmers,thanks to you people and Information technology that the perception about our country has changed: PM Narendra Modi.
9.55 pm: Unlike our ancestors we play with mouse (referring to computers and IT), says Modi.
10.00 pm: I convey my thanks to all those who came to India during election campaign, says Modi.
10.05 pm: There is an atmosphere of hope and enthusiasm. India wants change, says Modi.
10.06 pm: 
We will be successful is fulfilling the aspirations of the people: PM Narendra Modi in New York City
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.08 pm: India has immense capabilities and possibilities, says Modi.
10.12 pm:
Winning elections is not about any post or chair. It is a responsibility. Since taking over, I haven’t even taken a 15 min vacation: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.15 pm: I might live miles away from you, But I do understand your issues: PM Modi.
10.22 pm:
Mahatma Gandhi made the freedom struggle a mass movement. Every Indian felt that yes, I am also a part of the freedom struggle: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.26 pm:
World will not have enough young people to work. We will cater to the manpower requirement: @narendramodi #namoInMadison
— The Indian Express (@IndianExpress) September 28, 2014
10.28 pm: For us, it took only Rs 7 per km to reach Mars, says Narendra Modi.
10.30 pm: We have given importance to skill development. We created a separate Ministry for skill development, says Modi.
10.34 pm:
— The Indian Express (@IndianExpress) September 28, 2014
10.36 pm:
I request you all to look at MyGov. Please visit the website and see how you can get involved: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
10.40 pm: Cleanliness of river Ganga is necessary, says Narendra Modi from Madison Square.
10.45 pm: PIO card holders – they have lot of visa issues. We decided they will get lifelong visas, says Modi.
10.50 pm:
Those who stay in India for long have to go to police stations too. They won’t have to do that now: PM on issues of PIO card holders
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 28, 2014
11.00 pm: Modi concludes his speech saying “Bharat Mata Ki Jai!”.
Excitement builds up at Madison Square before Modi’s speech.

Indians have woven magic with the mouse: Modi | Full coverageIndian Diaspora
(India was once known as a…)
NEW YORK: India was once known as a world of snake charmers, now the magic that its people have woven "with the mouse" in the IT sphere is world-renowned, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi here Sunday.
"I was in Taiwan some years ago, someone wanted to ask a question and was hesitating. He asked if I won't feel bad, I said go ahead. He said I heard India is a land of black magic and snake charmers. I said no, our forefathers maybe would play with snakes but we play with the (computer) mouse," he said in his address to a gathering of Indian diaspora at the Madison Square Garden.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Big names on Wall St prepare for AIG trialBig names on Wall St prepare for AIG trial
By Henny Sender in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50ad6a98-4718-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

