Investors expected to stick to stocksgailmarksjarvis Holiday tradition: Drink eggnog; forget tax planning as Congress leaves you hanging http://t.co/SnTJOT39La #taxes #FinancialPlanning
Stock Market
Mario Tama / Getty Images
NEW YORK, NY - AUGUST 04: Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange before the closing bell on August 4, 2011 in New York City. The Dow plunged 512.76 points and is down more than 1,200 points since July 21. It was the market's largest one-day drop in more than two years....
NEW YORK, NY - AUGUST 04: Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange before the closing bell on August 4, 2011 in New York City. The Dow plunged 512.76 points and is down more than 1,200 points since July 21. It was the market's largest one-day drop in more than two years.... (Mario Tama / Getty Images)
Buy? Sell? Buy back? Sell again? Fourth quarter leaves investors unsure.
Stocks are pricey but professional investors see no other game in town.
As the stock market enters the last quarter of the year, investors are expected to stick with stocks. Not because they think stocks are a great deal. Rather, professional investors see no other game in town.
Many analysts repeatedly note that stocks are pricey in a world full of economic and geopolitical threats that could send investors running to the exits.
Though cautious, pros feel compelled to invest when they have money. And since bonds at low interest rates hold little appeal with rates likely to rise next year, the pros generally end up favoring stocks.
  Open link
"We are still moderately positive on stocks although they are moderately expensive and the U.S. is quite expensive," said Andrew Pease, strategist for Russell Investments.
His rationale for buying stocks is a common one: U.S. companies keep producing solid earnings, low interest rates make stocks relatively attractive compared with bonds, and central banks in Europe and Japan are busy stimulating the economy. That stimulus means there is a lot of money in the system. So pros feel compelled to invest rather than sit on cash.
In addition, although the stock market has been climbing for six years and could run out of steam after such a lengthy period, Pease is encouraged by the fact that there is "no over-exuberance" among investors for stocks now. Typically, bull — or climbing — markets end when investors don't see risks and figure making money in the stock market is a no-brainer.
In the current market, pros are repeatedly noting potential risks and buying reluctantly after roughly a 7 percent gain in the Standard & Poor's 500 this year.
Last week, the stock market moved in fits up and down by more than 100 points a day as investors debated whether it made sense to stick with stocks.
Concerns throughout the third quarter kept investors on guard, with the S&P gaining just 0.7 percent. Analysts expect volatility to continue, especially as they see signs that the Federal Reserve might be getting ready to let interest rates start moving upward in 2015. (Low rates allow companies to borrow money inexpensively. As rates rise, borrowing costs go up, making it more difficult to expand and grow profits.)

Dealing with an encroaching neighbor0
A: Adverse possession is probably low on the list of things you have to worry about. One basic element of adverse possession is that the person using your land affirmatively uses it against your desire and does not acknowledge that it is yours. If your neighbor has made statements to you indicating that she believes that she is using your land, you probably don't have an issue with adverse possession.
Furthermore, if you simply give her permission to use the swing set until it is removed, she might have to affirmatively claim that the swing set is on land she owns to claim adverse possession in the future.
The insurance issue might be a bit trickier. If a person is injured on your land, you might have some liability. However, if you carry liability insurance, you might be covered. It might help to post signs that people use the swing set at their own risk. Putting up no trespassing signs around your property can limit some of your exposure.
Since you didn't build or install the equipment, and you aren't permitting the use of the equipment, if someone is injured there and wants to sue you, they might have to prove that you had some sort of duty to care for the equipment. That might be a long shot if you put signs around your property to keep trespassers out and warning users of the equipment do so at their own risk.
In terms of being neighborly, you could have a surveyor come out and simply mark the property line on that part of the property. Some surveyors are able to give you a survey of a portion of your property. You may discover you are wrong about where your property boundary is located.
Call around and find out what a surveyor would charge you to locate the swing set on your property. You might find that it's not that expensive.
If it turns out that the swing set is located on your property, you then have to decide how to deal with the neighbor.
You can talk to your insurance agent and find out what suggestions he or she has for your regarding your coverage. If you find out you have sufficient liability insurance, you then would only need to make sure that you protect your property interests.
You could build a fence around your property, but that will be quite expensive. The posting of signage will be far less costly. If your neighbor acknowledges in writing that she does not own the land on which the swing set is located, you will have taken that issue off the table. And if you discuss with her your liability concerns, you might find that she understands them and will supervise the kids using the set. Who knows? You might be surprised by her neighborly attitude.
You can then ask her to sign a letter indicating that she will remove the swing set at a future date, when the swing set's condition deteriorates or when you are selling the property. In addition, you can have her agree that if she does not remove the swing set when you require it to be removed, you can do it.
It doesn't seem as if you're talking big dollars when it comes to removing the swing set. The above-ground structure will be relatively easy to remove. The concrete footings will be more difficult, and you will have some disposal costs, but the expense shouldn't be too high and we don't think a buyer will decide not to buy your land under these circumstances.
We certainly don't think that you should feel forced to sell the land at what you think is a discount solely because of the swing set.
Please let us know what happens.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Papa Murphy s CEO Takes His Work Home and Family Is ThrilledThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Hopes high for Alibabas maiden resultsAnticipation high on Alibaba’s maiden results
Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/268a60cc-6333-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why PayPal s Co-Founder Is Betting on Google to Beat AppleThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Ryanair: Flying nicely© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/1f9d5c1e-636b-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Publicis/Sapient: pay per click© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/430ef514-636f-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ask.fm seeks to improve user safetyAsk.fm moves to Ireland and seeks to improve user safety
Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28772326-635a-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rebuilding confidence in Europes banks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a6f81660-6378-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

And Brazils next finance minister will be ...Sign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Special Report: Doing Business in China©Andrew Burton/GettyImages
In this report
As growth continues to slow at home, many Chinese companies are looking abroad to make investments, enter foreign markets and acquire valuable technology and brands

Vasans exit a result of factionalism: Congresspolitics
But political observers say rebellion is building up in the party
The Congress central leadership views developments in Tamil Nadu as a consequence of intense factionalism in the State unit and G.K. Vasan’s personal ambitions, but an alternative view is that there is a “rebellion building up in the party.”
Five months after the Lok Sabha election defeat, the Congress is yet to come up with a revival plan and several leaders have begun to express impatience publicly.
Two days ago, AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh demanded that vice-president Rahul Gandhi take over as Congress president, which was officially denounced by the party.
Mr. Vasan’s exit comes soon after the party’s defeat in Maharashtra and Haryana last month.
“Rebellion is building up against the central leadership. The central leadership’s defeatism, inaction and silence are the reasons,” said Zoya Hassan, professor of political science at Jawaharlal Nehru University. “It is one thing for Rahul Gandhi to remain silent when the Congress was in power. Why is he not speaking now?”
In the run-up to the Lok Sabha election and subsequently, several Congress leaders quit to join other parties. But Mr. Vasan’s decision to revive a regional outfit his father once founded may inspire other ambitious leaders elsewhere. There is brewing dissent in Haryana and Assam, apart from several other States.
Mukul Wasnik, party general secretary in charge of Tamil Nadu, admitted that there was a crisis in the party, but termed it a part of routine ups and downs of politics. “You win elections and you lose elections…we’ll have to start strengthening the party from the grass roots,” he said on Monday.
Mr. Wasnik told The Hindu that he had been in regular touch with Mr. Vasan in recent months. “All the so-called reasons that he is citing now, such as that we decided to ignore the late G.K. Moopanar and K. Kamraj during the membership drive, are false. The AICC does not decide what party literature is distributed at the village or town level.”
A senior party leader in New Delhi said Mr. Vasan wanted to control the entire State unit. “The AICC secretary in-charge travelled to all districts before appointing a State executive, which Mr. Vasan was avoiding,” the leader said. “His exit is the outcome of intense factionalism in the State and will have no bearing on the party nationally or in other States,” he added.
Hours after Mr. Vasan announced his plans to part ways, the party in New Delhi said that it had “expelled him for anti-party activities.”
“He was with us when the UPA was in power and he was an important Minister. These grievances never cropped up then,” Mr. Wasnik said, adding that Mr. Vasan’s personal ambitions were at play now.
“Those who wanted a share in power were with us; now that we are in the Opposition, perhaps they are not in the mood for struggle,” he added.
All you need to know about G.K. Vasan: thne.ws/1vCoZpO

Centre gives nod for dissolution of Delhi AssemblyNEW DELHI, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 23:39 IST
Centre gives nod for dissolution of Delhi Assembly
Gargi Parsai
The Hindu The Union Cabinet accepted Delhi Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung’s report which recommended dissolution of the Assembly after his discussions with the Aam Aadmi Party, BJP and the Congress. File photo: Sushil Kumar Verma
TOPICS
election
With this, decks have been cleared for holding elections in the National Capital Territory of Delhi.
The Union Cabinet on Tuesday gave its nod to the proposal for dissolution of the Delhi Assembly. With this, decks have been cleared for holding elections in Delhi, which is under President’s rule since February 2014.
The Cabinet meeting, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, approved the Home Ministry’s proposal for dissolution of the 70-member Delhi Assembly. The proposal was moved by the Union Home Ministry on the basis of Delhi Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung’s report which recommended dissolution of the Assembly after his discussions with the Aam Aadmi Party, BJP and the Congress. All parties were ostensibly in favour of fresh elections.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, however, was not present in the meeting as he is travelling abroad.
The Union Cabinet’s approval will now be referred to the President who will dissolve the Assembly. Following this, the Election Commission will scrap by-elections to three Assembly seats in Delhi and order fresh polls in the Capital.
The polls will have to be held before February next.
The Delhi BJP has called a meeting of its MLAs later in the afternoon to discuss its polls strategy, while the AAP said that the BJP is devoid of leadership in Delhi and this was the reason it was avoiding elections.
With corruption as the main plank, the AAP had won 28 seats in the December 2013 polls. The BJP won 32 seats and facing anti-incumbency, the Congress was a poor third with 8 seats. President's rule was imposed after the AAP, which had formed the government with outside support from the Congress, quit after 49 days.
Finally, after eight months of President’s rule, the parties have admitted that none is in a position to form a government in the National Capital Territory of Delhi.

Family finances: How do I convert my house to a rental property0
If you're moving to another city, you'll probably need to hire someone to manage the property. Ask your real estate agent and other landlords for referrals. The National Association of Residential Property Managers ( http://www.narpm.org ) offers a tool to search for property managers in your area. Fees vary depending on the services provided, but in general you can expect to pay 10 percent of the monthly rent, according to ManageMyProperty.com.
When interviewing property managers, ask them how they handle emergencies. Do they have someone to deal with routine problems, such as a stopped-up toilet? Will the firm contact you before making repairs that exceed a specified amount of money?
Call your insurance agent before you hand over the keys. In most cases, your rates will drop because rental property insurance covers the structure but not personal belongings. If, however, you plan to leave some of your belongings, such as large appliances, you may need additional coverage. Make sure you maintain -- or even increase-- your personal liability insurance to protect yourself against tenant lawsuits. At USAA, for example, liability coverage for $1 million in damages costs about $30 per year. Encourage your tenant to buy renters insurance; some landlords require renters insurance because tenants who have coverage may be less likely to sue.
Rental income is taxable at your ordinary income rate, so don't overlook deductible expenses that will lower your tax bill. Property-management fees, insurance, mortgage interest, property taxes, cleaning services and repairs, plus travel expenses to make repairs or collect rent, are all deductible.
As a landlord, you're also allowed to deduct depreciation. Depreciation is based on the lesser of the fair market value of your home at the time you convert it to a rental or your tax basis, which is basically the amount you paid for the home plus improvements and additions. In either case, you must subtract the value of the land. Once you've established the appropriate value, divide it by 27.5 (the tax code assumes residential real estate has a useful life of 27Â½ years) to calculate a full year's deduction.
There's a catch. When you sell your home, you'll have to pay tax on the amount you claimed for depreciation at a maximum rate of 25 percent. Consider getting help from a tax professional.
(Sandra Block is a senior associate editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

What Do Spanish and Cleveland Beaches Have in Commonreddit
Every year about 13 million lucky people visit Spain's Balearic Islands to sail, sunbathe, and relax in cool Mediterranean waters. Mallorca, the largest of the Balearic Islands, is home to about 800,000 permanent residents.
If you've ever been to Mallorca (or even if you haven't) the last place you might compare it to would be Cleveland, Ohio. Cleveland has beaches on the shore of Lake Erie, yes, but it is not famous for them -- most people flock here to visit our Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , hear the Cleveland Orchestra or, perhaps this year, to witness the return of LeBron James to the Cleveland Cavaliers .
But according to Luis Bendito, Mallorca and Cleveland are actually not so different. At least, that's the conclusion the 43-year old native of Mallorca came to when he learned how Cleveland entrepreneurs had been struggling to find needed capital.  As the Managing Director of the Microsoft Innovation Center, Tourism Technologies (MICTT) , Luis spends his days working with start-ups in Mallorca, connecting them to needed resources so they can grow their businesses.
Over the past two weeks, Luis gathered a group of Mallorcans interested in revving up their local entrepreneurial ecosystem to consider how this has been done in Cleveland.  Over coffee and croissants, they watched short video lectures presented in my Case Western Reserve University massive open online course (MOOC), Beyond Silicon Valley: Growing Entrepreneurship in Transitioning Economies .  Attendees included local government officials, entrepreneurs, business leaders and donors.
Luis Bendito, Managing Director, Microsoft Innovation Center, Tourism Technologies, facilitating a discussion with leaders in entrepreneurship community in Mallorca in coordination with Beyond Silicon Valley MOOC on October 15, 2014. Photo Credit: MICTT
Angel Puig, CEO of Nautic Advisor , a start-up in Mallorca, attended the first breakfast. Angel can tell you that there's an abundance of boats in Mallorca and no shortage of maintenance and repair needs for them. Finding a reputable company and a competitive price to service a boat can be a challenge. Nautic Advisor helps simplify that process by quickly providing boat owners with multiple maintenance quotes. Angel is thinking big: he knows his company could provide this service beyond Mallorca, and he's eager to grow, but he says it's a challenge to access capital locally. "Some capital funds are willing to invest in our companies, but they want us to relocate company headquarters to their homeland. There's great fear on our horizon that people will have to move," Angel noted. This week, he was encouraged by the willingness of folks in the Balearic Islands to gather at the MICTT to address this issue.
The discussions at the MICTT were frank and fruitful. There are several excellent initiatives in Mallorca to support entrepreneurs, but coordination between the organizations needs strengthening. The group will meet again in the upcoming weeks to discuss how universities support entrepreneurship and access to capital, topics which I cover in my MOOC.  Luis, Angel and other attendees plan to create an "entrepreneurial whitepaper" to highlight lessons learned and recommendations for the Balearic Islands.
What ultimately happens with Mallorca's entrepreneurial community may or may not resemble what's been done in Cleveland. It's for the Mallorcans to decide what's best for them. With over 35,000 people from 183 countries having registered for my MOOC, I know similar discussions are taking place in other parts of the world. I've tried to participate in as many as I can virtually and in person.  I will be joining the final meet-up in Mallorca later this month via Skype to exchange ideas with Luis, Angel and the others gathering at the MICTT.  It's exciting to share what's been learned in my hometown, and I am gratified to help catalyze the important thought, open discussions, progress and growth of entrepreneurship in other communities.
Follow Michael Goldberg on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MGCleve
More:

US midterms: what to watch out for© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bdd9166-63c9-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Minimum Wage Shows Why (and How) We Should Vote Todayreddit
It is time for the states to lead.
Every once in awhile in the history of this great country of ours, the federal government just can't get the job done. Partisan gridlock, constitutional uncertainty, public distrust all play a role. But one of the great strengths of the American system is that the states -- those laboratories of democracy , as Louis Brandeis called them -- can act when Washington will not. Abolitionism, women's suffrage, health care reform, gay rights: All started at the state level.
This is one of those times. Our national system is inert. Our national leaders are mired in the muck of inaction.
And yet there is hope. For today is Election Day, and on this day, we will elect 36 governors . This is no time to stay home when the polling places are open. This is a time to choose leaders who will act where Washington has not.
I can think of no better example of the choice we face as a country today than the minimum wage.
After World War II, Congress set the minimum wage at approximately half the average wage in the country. In today's dollars, it was over $10 an hour . Earning the minimum wage, one full-time worker could support a family of three above the poverty line.
Today, the federal minimum wage is $7.25, less than 36 percent of the average wage. It's so low that it can't even keep a family of two out of poverty.
Unlike Social Security or Medicare payments, the minimum wage is not indexed to the cost of living. Only Congress can raise it. The last time they did so was 2009 . Democrats proposed raising it again earlier this year, but the majority of senators opposed it.
The feds have failed to act. It's time for the states to lead.
And we have ample evidence that they can. Twenty-three states already have minimum wages higher than $7.25. Five states -- Alaska, Arkansas, Illinois, Nebraska, and South Dakota -- have an initiative on today's ballot to increase theirs.
But not everyone is onboard.
"I don't think it serves a purpose," said Wisconsin's Republican governor Scott Walker last month.
"I don't think as governor I want to be the cause of someone losing their job," said Greg Abbott , the Republican candidate for governor in Texas, in explaining his opposition to raising the minimum wage. Pennsylvania's Republican governor Tom Corbett made a similar argument when stating his opposition last year.
At least they pretended to know what they were talking about. When Republican Governor Rick Scott was asked what Florida's minimum wage should be, he said, "How would I know?"
These men are on today's ballot in four of our nation's largest and most influential states.
And they are tragically out-of-step with the lessons of economic history. In a recent study , the economists Hristos Doucouliagos and T.D. Stanley survey the vast research that economists have done measuring the impact of the minimum wage in recent decades -- 64 papers in total -- and they find "little or no evidence" that minimum wage increases caused job losses.
On the contrary, raising the minimum wage is a clear boost to the economy. In another recent paper , the economist Arindrajit Dube found that raising the minimum wage significantly reduces the poverty rate, a finding that is consistent with the other 12 studies economists have published in recent years measuring the same effect in different ways.
Only a politician severely out-of-touch with the modern economy could think otherwise. Today's corporations don't have to cut back jobs when wages rise. They have to cut back profits, which are at an all-time high . In the long run, they might not have to cut back anything. Higher wages lead to higher productivity, better health, fewer strikes, lower turnover, and higher consumption, which in turn leads to more demand for their products and therefore higher profits.
Individual companies may not want to raise wages if their competitors won't, but when everyone does it, everyone benefits.
Trying to save money by keeping the minimum wage low is like trying to improve your health by starving yourself. It's classic shortsighted behavior, hardly the visionary leadership that we'd like to see in the governor's mansion.
That's why today's election matters. In this age of do-nothing politics, it's easy to despair, but we must remember the intent behind the design. The same founding fathers who created a federal system that resists radical change also created a state system that encourages experimentation. Today we celebrate their creation, and we direct its attention to the challenges of our time.
If the feds do not act, the states will. We the voters will make sure of it.
Follow Anthony W. Orlando on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AnthonyWOrlando
More:

Apple to issue 2.8bn in euro bondsApple issues €2.8bn in euro bonds
Andrew Bolger in London and Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/521d2654-6426-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Central alert over possible terror attack at Kolkata PortKolkata port on high alert after terror threat
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Kolkata/ New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 19:57 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:44 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Security forces in Kolkata are on high alert following a central intelligence warning that the city’s port may be the target of an attack by militants posing as fishermen, home ministry officials told HT on Tuesday.
Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) headquarters in Delhi alerted top West Bengal and Kolkata police officials on Monday through an email, cautioning them of a possible attack on the port by Pakistani navy-backed terrorists.
 
The Indian navy moved two warships — INS Khukri and INS Sumitra — out of the port after receiving the alert and increased patrolling in the sea. The ships were supposed to be open to the public on Wednesday and Thursday.
 
The alert came after Pakistani security forces foiled an attempt by al-Qaeda militants to capture a Pakistani frigate at Karachi in September. The militants aimed to use the ship to attack Indian and American vessels in the Indian Ocean.
 
“We came to know about the alert from the CISF,” said deputy commissioner of police (port division) Imran Wahab. “We had a meeting late into the night and Indian navy officers were also present.”
Sources said security agencies intercepted conversations about targeting Indian naval assets at Kolkata and swung into action, in part, because of September’s Karachi attack.
“Marine patrolling at the India-Bangladesh sea border in the Bay of Bengal has been enhanced in view of the alert,” said commodore Ravi Ahluwalia. “We have electronic surveillance on seagoing vessels, especially the fishing trawlers plying in the region.”
According to the alert, terrorists are likely to enter Indian waters posing as fishermen and are backed by Pakistan marines, an elite marine commando unit of the Pakistani navy.
“Intelligence inputs were promptly shared with port authorities, navy, coast guard, Kolkata police and other counter terror agencies and they have been asked to remain on high alert,” a Union home ministry official said.
Security sources said al-Qaeda’s new wing for India and Pakistan may be responsible for Sunday’s suicide attack on the Pakistani side at the Wagah border that killed over 60 people, and militants might carry out similar attacks in India.

Ford plant sued again  years after harassment settlement3
In a statement, Jimmy Settles, United Auto Workers vice president, said: "UAW-Ford takes charges of sexual harassment, discrimination and retaliation filed by all of our members very seriously including our members at Ford's Chicago Assembly plant. The economic and social justice extended to our members remains our focus. We have studied the claims filed by our members and others that have followed and will continue to aggressively take every action possible to safeguard the dignity and civil rights of our members."
The women say company representatives told them to stop calling the harassment hotline, and at least one woman said she was suspended for continuing to report abuse.
"I never got any help. In fact, I got retaliated against," Charmella Leviege, one of the women who filed the suit, said. Other plaintiffs are Christie Van, Maria Price and Helen Allen.
They allege they were subjected to jeers, lewd comments, sexual suggestions and catcalls by co-workers and supervisors. They also have filed employment discrimination charges with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Their suit, filed in federal court in Chicago, alleges other women at the plant on the Far South Side have been subjected to a hostile work environment that includes unwelcome and unwanted sexual advances by co-workers and supervisors, requests for sexual favors, men exposing their genitals and/or showing pictures of their genitals and pornographic images.
The plant employs about 500 women.
Allen, a maintenance worker, said the location of the plant's labor relations office, in sight of co-workers, makes it difficult to file complaints without being identified. Once she said she was called into the office after calling the harassment line. Then, a few minutes after she walked out, her supervisor was called in. As a result, workers immediately knew she had complained about her supervisor, she said.
"When you complain, you become the problem," Allen said.
Van said she was knocked to the ground from behind as she was leaving the plant last year and that her assailant stomped on her back and told her not to look at his face. The man, she said, called her a "snitch." Van complained to Ford about the incident, according to the lawsuit, but she said the company didn't investigate.
Van said she took a medical leave and that a year and a half passed before Ford moved her to its stamping plant in Chicago Heights. Van said her life has been turned upside down because she spoke out against abuses. If she can't talk to supervisors, Van said, "Where do I go for help?"
The 2000 settlement covered claims at Ford's two Chicago plants.
Essence Clark, a forklift driver at the assembly plant, filed suit against Ford in May over incidents she said took place from 2010 to 2012. She alleges she was called derogatory names and reported the incidents to her supervisor and the company's labor relations unit, but that "nothing was done." She said she was later terminated, according to court records.
"I believe (Ford) perceived me to have a mental disability and terminated me because of it," she wrote in the suit, which is pending.
Ford, which described the conduct that Clark complained about as "neither severe nor pervasive," said it exercised reasonable care to prevent and correct any alleged harassing behavior. "(Clark) unreasonably failed to avail herself of any preventive or corrective opportunities provided, or otherwise failed to avoid harm," the company said in court documents.

Maruti to invest Rs.4 000 crore in key areasMaruti to invest Rs.4 000 crore in key areas
Maharashtra: Shiv Sena-BJP talks  stuck  over Deputy Chief Minister s postBJP
(Sena has been insisting…)
MUMBAI: With just a week left for Fadnavis government to prove its majority in the Maharashtra Assembly, BJP and Shiv Sena are yet to resolve their differences over terms for the latter's participation in the ministry, Deputy Chief Minister's post being one of the sticking points.
While both sides have been maintaining since last Friday when Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray attended Devendra Fadnavis' swearing-in that discussions were on to sort out the differences, a Sena MP today said talks were "stuck" over Deputy CM's post.
"The talks between the two parties are stuck on the question of Dy CM's post. We have been demanding Deputy CM's post for our nominee which they don't want to give. We can make adjustments with regard to portfolios but not this," a Sena MP told PTI, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
Sena has been insisting on following the 1995 formula under which BJP, being the junior partner, had got Deputy Chief Minister's post, in the first coalition government formed by the two saffron parties.
The practice was followed by successive Congress-NCP governments for 15 years, but now BJP, which has emerged as the single-largest party with 121 seats in the 288-member Assembly, wants it to be discontinued.
He also said part of the problem was with portfolios being offered as important ones like home, finance, revenue and urban development have already been allotted to BJP ministers.
"Discussions should ideally be a two-way affair but here they want us to accept whatever they give," he said, adding Sena, despite having 18 Lok Sabha MPs, was given just one berth in the Union Cabinet and an "insignificant" portfolio of Heavy Industries.
Another Sena MP said talks were on to "remove the irritants" and his party will wait till Saturday for a "respectable" offer from BJP before joining the government. He said the party may decide to sit in the opposition if that does not materialise.
"We will wait and see if we are offered respectable positions in the state ministry till Saturday. If they fail to give us that, we may announce our plan of sitting in the opposition," he said.
The three-day special session of the Assembly is scheduled to begin on November 10 and Fadnavis will seek a vote of confidence in his ministry on the concluding day.
Uddhav had attended the swearing-in of the BJP government following a last-minute call from party President Amit Shah, reviving hopes of a reunion between the ideologically compatible former Hindutva allies. The two leaders had also held brief talks after the ceremony.
Though Sharad Pawar's NCP with 41 MLAs has already extended unconditional outside support to the BJP government, taking 63 MLA-strong Sena on board is still the best option before Fadnavis for long-term stability.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Energy shares lead Wall St. lower  indexes near recordsWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Chinas leaders seem to want their own version of the 19th-century US Monroe Doctrine for their own back yard©Andrew Burton/GettyImages
In this report
As growth continues to slow at home, many Chinese companies are looking abroad to make investments, enter foreign markets and acquire valuable technology and brands

Apple: sharing out the juice© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f97419ac-63be-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Refiners reluctant to hedge oil purchases: Sources | Gas price hike: RIL to get $40 mnSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Risk-averse state refiners are reluctant to follow central bank advice to hedge part of the country's $165 billion annual oil import bill, fearing administrative action if they suffer losses, refinery sources said.
Officials in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government on Monday discussed the idea, which is part of a push by Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan to make Asia's No.3 economy less vulnerable to external shocks.
India is the world's fourth-largest oil consumer and imports 3.8 million barrels per day of crude. Any spike in oil prices can drive up the current-account deficit and inflation - both chronic ills that have long hobbled India's development.
The idea of buying insurance against a possible oil price rally comes onto the agenda as oil prices touch four-year lows. But India's dominant state refiners are reluctant to hedge due to the political fallout that any wrong-way bets could trigger.
"The RBI has suggested that we should hedge our crude purchases ... I doubt state refiners will be doing it. It is very risky for them," said one source with direct knowledge of the meeting.
Further discussions could follow Monday's get-together between oil secretary Saurabh Chandra, officials from the finance ministry and Modi's cabinet secretary, the country's most senior bureaucrat, this source said.
Officials at the oil ministry, finance ministry and RBI could not be reached for comment because of a public holiday in India.
State-owned Indian Oil Corp, Bharat Petroleum Corp , Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd together control about 60 percent of India's 4.3 million bpd in refining capacity.
Privately owned competitors Reliance Industries and Essar Oil both use hedging tools to lock in costs, as and when the opportunity arises on the international market.
India wants state refiners to capitalise on falling oil prices, which at $82 a barrel for Brent crude are at their lowest since October 2010, to lock in their supply costs. Some already hedge their refining margins.
Only last month, Modi deregulated diesel prices that the prior government had subjected to state controls to blunt the impact of a previous oil rally on Indian drivers and truckers.
The policy will reduce costly fuel subsidies but also expose India's state-owned refiners to greater market risks on the refined products they sell in addition to the cost of the crude they process.
RISKY BET
A parliamentary panel last year had raised questions over state refiners' reluctance to hedge imports.
"It is a risky affair. So, at times it can work in your favour, but many times it can work against you. If it goes against you, then you are answerable to all kinds of queries," R.K. Singh, the then-chairman of Bharat Petroleum, said at the time.
Sources at refining companies said they can hedge oil purchases to the extent of their physical transactions, but unlike private refiners, they lack the flexibility and appetite to absorb losses if their bets go wrong.
"My finances will be immediately affected if we make losses in hedging ... I am already depending on government subsidies for my operations," an executive at IOC said.
Indian state refiners on average buy 80 percent of their oil import needs through term contracts and the balance through spot purchases.
Traders and private companies can absorb some of the losses and they adequately reward their staff if they make a profit, said a source at one of the state refiners.
"But for us we have two sides of the transaction -- a minus and a plus. Plus is your duty and minus is a penalty," he said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Corporates to pump in Rs 14K cr towards CSR in 2014-15: JaitleyIndian society currently "witnessing a turning point", FM said, expressing the hope that corporate would enter the charity in a big way.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Indian companies will spend close to Rs 14,000 crore on corporate social responsibility activity (CSR) in FY 15 and the amount will increase in the years ahead, finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday. Under the new Companies Act , companies with a net worth of more than Rs 500 crore or revenue of over Rs 1,000 crore or a net profit of more than Rs 5 crore need to spend at least 2% of the average net profit of the preceding three years on CSR activities.
"... CSR alone in its very first year is going to contribute about Rs 14,000 crore into the (social) sector and that's reasonably a large amount of money. This is going to increase year after year as corporate profits increase," he said while speaking at a function organised jointly by the Jubilant Bhartia and Schwab foundations. Jaitley also holds the charge of corporate affairs ministry that is responsible for CSR law.
The UPA government had prescribed certain activities eligible for such spending. The new government has added contributions to Swachh Bharat Fund and Clean Ganga Fund as eligible spend under this law.
However, Jaitley said corporates have been a late entrant to the idea of charitable causes. "The best in the Indian society is yet to be realised...They (corporates) are essentially obsessed with their cause, they are convinced about their cause," he added.

Union cabinet okays dissolution of Delhi assemblyUnion cabinet okays dissolution of Delhi assembly
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 09:43 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
The Union cabinet approved on Tuesday lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung's report recommending the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh elections in the national capital and ending an eight-month-long political uncertainty.
L-G Najeeb Jung with Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi. Jung has recommended the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh polls. (Arun Sharma/HT file photo)
The decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet presided over by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "The Union cabinet recommended dissolution of the Delhi assembly with immediate effect," a senior Union minister said.
After meeting leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Congress and the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday evening, Jung sent his report on the latest political situation to President Pranab Mukherjee and the home ministry. All the parties said they were in favour of fresh elections as none had the requisite numbers to form a stable government in Delhi.
The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
Delhi has been under the President's Rule since February following the Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP government's resignation after 49 days in office.
The Election Commission (EC) is now expected to cancel the November 25 bypolls to three assembly constituencies.
BJP leaders will hold a meeting later on Tuesday to chalk out their strategy for the fresh polls, which will now take place just a year after the December 2013 assembly elections.
The Delhi BJP said its stand on government formation was clear since December, stressing that it would never engage in horse-trading to come to power in the national capital.
After the results of the assembly polls last year, the then Delhi BJP chief, Harsh Vardhan, had declined to form a government, saying the party did not have the required numbers.
This time, the saffron party is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive win in the Lok Sabha elections — it won  all seven seats in the national capital — and its successes in the recent assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra.
"BJP is fully prepared for elections in Delhi. We believe in collective leadership. We will fight elections in Delhi like we did in Maharashtra and Haryana," Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said.
Meanwhile, Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit said the party had always been in favour of holding fresh assembly polls, ANI reported.
 
"It's good, Congress has always wanted fresh elections in Delhi. We welcome this," Dikshit told ANI.
AAP leader Manish Sisodia said on Tuesday this time his party will appeal to the people of Delhi to make them win the assembly elections by a majority so that they can relieve them of the "troubles" which they have been facing for the past eight months.
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
After the AAP government's resignation, Jung had not favoured dissolution of the assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Arvind Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.
 
The L-G had last month sent a report to the President, seeking permission to invite the BJP to form a government in Delhi.
 
The Centre last week informed the Supreme Court that the President allowed Jung to invite the BJP.
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal, had time and again  accused the L-G of favouring the BJP, accusing him of encouraging "horse-trading".
Hearing an AAP petition seeking early dissolution of the assembly, the Supreme Court court had asked the L-G to explore the possibility of forming a government by November 11.
Elections likely in Jan-Feb
 
Meanwhile, EC sources ruled out the possibility of holding elections for 70-member Delhi elections with that of Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
 
“I don’t think that can happen,” an EC functionary said, adding that it needs to do some ground work before announcing elections in a state. “We don’t have enough time to do the background work for holding Delhi polls with the two states.”
 
The polls in the two states are being held in five-phases and counting of votes will take place on December 23.
 
Time is a constraint because the Supreme Court’s had prescribed a mechanism, according to which, the gap between announcement of polls and vote should be about 40 days.
 
And before making the announcement the Election Commission has to give time to the chief electoral officer to update electoral rolls, notify returning officers and prepare election management plan. “We also have to give some time to the political parties to prepare for polls and consult them,” an EC official explained.
 
Once the EC receives the notification from the government on dissolution of the Delhi assembly, it will formally start the consultation process for conducting polls with the government bodies and the political parties, the commission sources said. The notification will be issued by President once L-G recommends dissolution of the assembly. 
 
The elections are expected to be held in end January or early February before the President’s rule comes to an end in the Capital.
The government believes that holding the elections during that period would be conducive as the January chill in the Capital will ease out.
(with agency inputs)

Comcast: Xfinity customers can drop off equipment for free at UPS storesComcast Corporation
Xfinity customers can drop off equipment for free at UPS stores
Comcast said on Tuesday it made a deal with UPS to allow its Xfinity customers to drop off company equipment at any of the 4,400 UPS Stores nationwide.
Comcast said the equipment can be returned without wrapping or a box and that UPS would ship it for free to Comcast. As an added bonus, UPS will give customers a tracking number.
"This is all about convenience for our customers," Tom Karinshak, Comcast Cable's senior vice president of customer service, said in a statement.

BJP makes Bhojwani its treasurer in ChhattisgarhPrint
By: Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:20 am
Former BJP minister and former chief of Chhattisgarh Civil Supplies Corporation Ltd Lilaram Bhojwani, whose name had surfaced in the fake ration card scam, was on Tuesday appointed the treasurer of the Chhattisgarh BJP.
State BJP president Dharam Lal Kaushik announced the new governing body of Chhattisgarh in consultation with national president Amit Shah.
Three ministers of the last term — Chandrashekhar Sahu, Hemchand Yadav and Vikram Usendi — who had lost the November 2013 assembly elections were made vice-presidents.
The Indian Express had reported that more than 14 lakh ration cards were given to ineligible or non-existent beneficiaries a few months before the Assembly elections.
While the CCSC is the nodal authority for PDS distribution in the state, its chief Bhojwani had a general category ration card and his three daughters-in-law held ration cards meant for BPL households. Under the rules he and his family were ineligible to hold even a general ration card, but regular ration was lifted against their names. The district administration had even initiated a probe in the matter.
Bhojwani is a resident of Rajnandgaon, the home constituency of Chief Minister Raman Singh and his debutant MP son Abhishek Singh.

Delhi confidential: Opposing tie-upPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:20 am
While Jammu and Kashmir Panthers Party’s chief Bhim Singh is keen to have an alliance with the Congress for the upcoming assembly elections, Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad is said to be opposing the tie-up. Azad apparently has still not forgiven Bhim Singh for contesting against him from Udhampur in the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year. At that time, Azad is said to have made repeated overtures to Bhim Singh not to contest. The seat was eventually won by Jitender Singh, now a minister in Narendra Modi cabinet. Congress leaders say if Azad relents, there can be a beneficial tie up with the Panthers Party which had nearly 4 per cent vote share in the last state elections.
CONNECTIVITY ISSUES
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, during his visit to Monaco to attend the Interpol conference, was facing connectivity problems. Singh’s office was unable to exchange e-mails and photographs of the conference being held in Monaco on a real time basis due to Internet connectivity problems in the small European country. Sometimes his staff had to wait for hours to send any communication to his Delhi office. Giving him company in Monaco was CBI director Ranjit Sinha.
DAMAGE CONTROL
After cancelling the India-Africa Forum summit over fears of Ebola, South Block is now engaged in a damage-control exercise. The message sent out to the African leaders is that they are most welcome to visit India at their own sweet will. And to begin with, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday met with leaders from South Africa and Coté d’Ivoire. While she met PM Daniel Kalian Duncan of Cote d’Ivoire, she also held talks with South Africa’s Minister for Human Settlements Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu. New Delhi had faced flak over cancellation of the marquee event, which was scheduled for December this year.
MIDNIGHT TRANSFERS
Senior bureaucrats are these days keeping a midnight vigil on the DoPT website to know their fates. Largescale bureaucratic reshuffle are these days announced late at night. On Monday night, the government issued orders for transfer of 26 senior officials close to 11 pm. On each of three earlier occasions as well when mass transfers were made, the announcement was made very late at night.

Letters to the editor: Snakes in the gardenPrint
Posted: November 5, 2014 12:13 am
The dastardly act of terrorism that struck the Pakistani side of the Wagah border after the flag-lowering ceremony and claimed several innocent lives is shocking. It is a grim reminder for the Pakistani establishment: the homegrown terror modules and networks, nurtured over the years with an intent to bleed and destabilise India, are Frankenstein’s monsters. They pose a serious and credible threat to the peace, stability and development of Pakistan. Islamabad and Rawalpindi must realise that using terror as an instrument of state policy is futile. You can’t keep snakes in your backyard and expect them to only bite your neighbours. It is time Pakistan took determined steps to eliminate terrorist infrastructure from its territory.
— M. Jeyaram (Sholavandan)
Say sorry
Apropos the editorial, ‘Robert’s way’ (IE, November 4), however uncomfortable the question may be, Robert Vadra should not have intimidated the journalist. He is an eminent personality and his behaviour in public should be courteous and dignified. Losing one’s temper is counterproductive. Moreover, if he is indeed, as the Congress screams from the rooftops, a “private person”, then why does the party see fit to launch a lengthy defence of his behaviour. The journalist in question never provoked Vadra, whose angry outburst was totally unjustified. He should issue an unconditional apology for his aggressive behaviour towards the media.
— S.C. Vaid (Noida)
The oil advantage
This refers to ‘Go for growth’ by Rupa Rege Nitsure (IE, November 4). The writer is an advocate for accelerating economic reforms. The winding down of quantitative easing by the US Federal Reserve may create uncertainty in capital flows. Further, the US midterm elections might compel the government to take certain economic measures that could strengthen the dollar. This could widen our current account deficit and make our exports uncompetitive. Fortunately, the Indian government has the historic softening of global oil prices on its side.
— Shishir Sindekar (Nasik)
RIP, Amrapurkar
In the death of Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Indian cinema has lost a talented actor. Amrapurkar, who died of a lung infection at the age of 64, was taken away from us too soon. His portrayal of Rama Shetty, a don, in the widely acclaimed, award-winning film, Ardh Satya, won him a Filmfare award in 1984. Sadak got him another award (best actor in a negative role) for his stellar performance as a eunuch in 1991. Amrapurkar may have excelled at playing villains on screen, but he was a kind-hearted gentleman in real life.
— S.N. Kabra (Mumbai)

Inside-out governmentA growing body of scholarly work now posits that the implementation of the RTI Act alone may not be sufficient to end the endemic stranglehold of secrecy on the state and its institutions.
Written by A N Tiwari | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:10 am
The Right to Information (RTI) has never been without its sceptics. In the past few years, attempts to check it have become so persistent that they seem part of a larger design. One sees in them shades of jittery response by the great organs of the state and their moribund bureaucracies, forced out of their comfort zone defined by that perennial bane of good governance, “axiomatic institutional secrecy”.
The latest in the series of obstructions is the fiat of the Mumbai Raj Bhavan to disclose only that information which meets the yardstick of “public interest”. But the RTI Act contains no such provision. On the contrary, “public interest” has been used in the RTI Act as an “override” to disclose even information which may be otherwise exempt. But then, who can argue with those who are used to having their command uncritically obeyed.
It may be time, nevertheless, to examine certain fundamental issues relating to transparency and the efficiency-sapping secrecy in government.
A growing body of scholarly work now posits that the implementation of the RTI Act alone may not be sufficient to end the endemic stranglehold of secrecy on the state and its institutions. The RTI experienced variable success across the globe depending on the nature of the ruling elite, its adherence to constitutional norms and the quality of overall governance. It works best when augumented by enabling conditions such as institutional transparency; independence of and openness in the functioning of the main organs of the state; technological intervention in governance (for instance, computerisation and digitisation of documents); routinisation of internal processes of the administration; infrequent use of secrecy-promoting instruments; and so on. The key element in all these processes is transparency.
Arguably, therefore, simply by promoting transparency, a state can engender the forces that transform a closed system of governance into an open and accountable one. Functional transparency can accommodate considerable variation within a given approach. The fears governments express — and these are not necessarily corrupt or bad governments —  are about the unintended consequences of all-encompassing transparency. These fears can, however, be addressed within the broad sweep of such an approach.
Amartya Sen has pointed out in his 1999 work, Development As Freedom, that unintended consequences do not mean unpredictable consequences. The reformer can rationally predicate the course the events may take without getting into a panic about the genie his initiative may release. Contrary to his fears, transparency that comes from removing the barrier of mistrust between the government and the governed helps enhance the legitimacy of the government beyond the electoral continued…

http://usat.ly/10SogsTFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring?
It was easy, back in the. You worked 30 years, get a watch and a pension. And  Well that's how our parents did it. Well, it's not your father's retirement any more. You're more likely to
Post to Facebook
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring? It was easy, back in the. You worked 30 years, get a watch and a pension. And  Well that's how our parents did it. Well, it's not your father's retirement any more. You're more likely to Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tXqD8x
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
80
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring?
Rodney Brooks , USA TODAY 8:27 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Paying off your mortgage by the time your retire is a goal many pre-retirees have.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
461 CONNECT 267 TWEET 352 LINKEDIN 80 COMMENTEMAILMORE
It was different back in the day. You worked 30 years, got a watch and a pension. Your health care was probably provided by your company's retiree insurance plan, or even your union.
And a highlight of retirement was the ceremonial burning of the mortgage as mom and dad began retirement debt-free.
That's how our parents did it. But there's no chance we'll see anything like that. As they say, it's not your father's retirement anymore.
Today, your pension has likely been replaced by a company-sponsored 401(k) plan that, mostly, you fund yourself. Few companies offer health insurance for retirees anymore, and those who still do are eliminating or scaling back.
Top retirement financial concern: Health care bills
And your mortgage? Increasingly Americans are going into retirement with big debt, especially mortgage debt.
"More people are carrying mortgages into retirement," says Katherine Dean, senior vice president of wealth planning at Wells Fargo Private Bank.
According to a new report, Baby Boomers & Their Homes: On Their Own Terms – released last week by The Demand Institute, a think tank jointly operated by The Conference Board and Nielsen, Baby Boomers are carrying much more mortgage debt than earlier generations at this life stage.
And 40% were planning major home improvement projects over the next year, which would increase that debt.
Other findings of the survey of more than 4,000 Boomer households (ages 50-69):
• For Boomer movers, the common wisdom says to downsize. But most are actually looking for nicer homes and more space, not less. In fact, 45% of movers will upsize, and 56% of those who plan to move will take out a new mortgage.
• Meanwhile, most Boomers who currently own their own houses still owe money on those homes. The median outstanding mortgage balance for a 50- to 69- year-old household has grown 142% since 1992.
So, the big question for those looking at retirement: Should you pay off your mortgage when you retire?
And the answer is: It depends.
"There is no yes or no answer. It depends on the individual situation," says Dean. "The reason we see more people carrying mortgages into retirement is not by choice. It's their inability to pay if  off, and under-saving for retirement."
"It depends on the individual situation," says Dean. "There's a lot of reason to continue to take a mortgage into your retirement years if you benefit from the tax rates and you have enough income. You wouldn't necessarily be in a hurry to pay that off, especially if you have a low interest rate."
Jeff Warnkin financial adviser at, JL Smith Group in Avon, Ohio, says even though there is no yes or no or right or wrong answer, he prefers clients to pay off their mortgage.
"I'm in favor of paying off the mortgage, as long as it doesn't come at the expense of funding your 401(k), Roth IRA and things of that nature," he says.
Still, he says,  It is not a stand-alone decision. It should be part of a larger plan. "Ideally, I'd like to see the last payment coincide with the date you retire. A fair number, 50% of our retirees, achieve that. But, as life unfolds, sometimes people have to take a home equity line, or help a child with a down payment on a house, medical issues, and sometimes they arrive at or near retirement with a mortgage."
5 questions with 84-year-old financial planner
The planners agree that you should not take money from your retirement account to pay off a mortgage. Dean notes that you have to pay taxes on money you take out of your retirement account to pay off your mortgage. "If you have taxable accounts and have these funds sitting here, and you don't want to carry it, pay it off. But it's a better decision to use a taxable account."
What's the best way to pay off a mortgage in retirement? Pre-retirees have two choices. The best way to have a mortgage at zero on day one of retirement is to prepay the mortgage, says Warnkin. "The second method would be to make one half of your monthly mortgage payment every two weeks. It not only reduces your interest, but over a 12-month period, you end up making 13 payments instead of 12."
.
(Photo: George Petras/USA TODAY)
Emily Sanders, managing director at United Capital in Atlanta, looks at a mortgage in terms of how many years before it's paid off, as well as the interest rate. "Many folks in America have refinanced  mortgages when interest rates have been low. It's the higher interest rate mortgage, higher than 5%, that would be more of an impetus to see about getting it paid off."
"In general, if client has the liquidity to pay off the mortgage — a lump sum from their job, retirement funds that are available but not heavily taxed — we would encourage them that to pay off a mortgage to enter retirement as close to debt free as possible," Sanders says.
Sanders says another wrinkle has to do with tax deductibility. Sometimes a client believes the mortgage interest is tax deductible, and when she drills down, she finds that it is not fully deductible for some high-earning clients. "They are not getting as much of a deduction on mortgage interest as they thought."
6 networking tips for retirees
"It's a very complex question. It depends on the taxpayer's circumstance — how large the mortgage is and how high the interest rate is," Sanders says. "If there are only a few years left and a low interest rate, it might be fine to just let it mature. We typically advise clients that you don't want to be paying a mortgage when you're 90 years old. It might make sense to refinance from 30-year to 15-year if they can't pay it off right now. In that case we advise clients to refinance before they retire. Some banks don't look too favorably on retirees' mortgage applications."
John Gajkowski, co-founder of Money Managers Financial Group in Chicago, said when he sits down with clients to discuss the mortgage, there is a financial aspect and an emotional element. "If they can afford to continue to pay the mortgage financially, it makes sense because it gives them greater control of their money. The house keeps appreciating. And they still have control of their money. They have two assets working for them, as opposed to having all the money in the house.
"Some people, even though they can afford to pay a mortgage, emotionally they want to get out from underneath  it," Gajkowski says. "They want to be free and clear. We have to figure out what is more important, emotional or financial."
"A lot of people had that in your head what, that's what you do," says Dean. "You pay off your mortgage when you retire. And they get uncomfortable if they don't achieve that goal. If you can get past that, there are benefits from a tax perspective. It depends on the  individual."
Video Keywords retirement planning retirement strategy automated tools balanced growth payroll deduction retirement plan
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  -- -- Often the higher the stakes and the greater
00:07  the degree of importance to us. The more people need something
00:10  with resistance it's the stuff Democrats in session is made up
00:14  whether or work out or -- financial planning session twenty minutes
00:17  can make a real difference. Most financial planners say retired households
00:21  spend about 80%. Of what working households do. Why one reason
00:25  is the assumption that you won't be driving to work or
00:27  need that -- portrait. But overall that's not a big drop
00:30  off and the cash to fund later years have to compete
00:33  somewhere. Bottom line winging it is just too risky here's the
00:37  good news in as little as twenty minutes you could make
00:39  some significant strides. According to the financial experts we spoke with.
00:44  Here's their advice step number one conduct a quick reality check
00:49  start finding a free calculator on -- There are lots of
00:52  terrific ones and plugging in various data points as one of
00:55  the quickest ways to gauge where things stand. Source include most
00:59  major banking sites along with fidelity AARP TI AEA craft vanguard
01:04  and Schwab. You don't have to be an existing customers --
01:07  many of the tools provided by the site. Number two --
01:11  with the numbers. Let's put some real mapped against retirement scenarios.
01:15  For instance if you happen 30000 dollars in the workplace retirement
01:19  plan as a today. And -- adding 250 dollars on a
01:23  monthly basis often based on an automatic payroll deduction happens automatically.
01:28  If you weren't 6% on that money they're reasonable assumption for
01:31  investing in many retirement plan options and and the power of
01:35  compound interest kicks it. After twenty years your portfolio total would
01:40  grow to about 2101000. Dollars. If you increase your contribution by
01:45  100 dollars a month it could field an extra 46%. Compound
01:51  interest makes your balanced growth faster and it's one of the
01:54  single most important components of retirement strategy. And more time the
01:58  money has to work and the higher the number it's working
02:01  went the more you benefit which is why an early start
02:04  and contributing as much as you can so he. Playing around
02:07  with the calculators really demonstrates the impact. Number three set goals
02:12  and make -- personalized plan that's highly specific got two minutes
02:16  here. The first schedule an appointment with an advisor it's important
02:20  to know how they're going to be compensated in the there's
02:22  often no fee for the initial consultation. The more you know
02:26  about retirement planning the more strategic -- can be it can
02:29  also log on as they gassed. On some of the major
02:32  web site and use their automated tools beyond the calculators to
02:36  generate customized action plan. Just follow the prompts the last few
02:40  series of questions income agents at track and you'll get a
02:43  readout of where you are. -- where you like to be
02:46  would suggest adjustments to make I did it just this week
02:49  was compelled to make several changes for USA today which analysts.

http://bit.ly/1wv0EpZTweet
The Great Recession was hard on most of the country, but few areas were hit harder than the rust belt. Since the end of the recession, however, many of the region’s cities have rallied, adding jobs as their economies improve.
Based on a review of data published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 24/7 Wall St. identified five cities that had some of the worst unemployment rates before and during the recession but also some of the most dramatic recoveries in recent years.
As recently as 2010, the unemployment rates in these five cities were exceptionally high, even when compared to the national unemployment rate of nearly 10%. In Muskegon, Michigan, for example, 13.5% of the workforce was unemployed in 2010, among the worst rates in the nation. In Kokomo, Indiana, the unemployment rate exceeded 12%.
Click here to see the five american cities back from the dead
As of August, however, the unemployment rates of all of these cities were less than or equal to the national unemployment rate of 6.1%. In Kokomo, the unemployment rate was 5.7%, or 8.8 percentage points lower than its former peak rate. Similarly, the unemployment rate in Indianapolis fell from a high of 11.3% in 2010 to just 6.1% this August.
These metro areas have also had a broad resurgence in economic activity. Nationwide, economic output fell by 1.9% between 2006 and 2009 and rebounded by 8.2% from 2009 through last year. By comparison, real gross metropolitan product (GMP) in Toledo, Ohio fell by 6.5% from 2006 through 2009, and rose by 9.4% in the four years that followed. No metro area has had larger swings in economic output than Kokomo. From 2006 to 2009, Kokomo’s GMP shrank at a compounded annual rate of more than 15%, or by a total of more than 40% in that time. From 2009 to 2013, however, Kokomo’s GMP rose at a compounded annual rate of roughly 12.7% — for a total increase of more than 61%.
One major reason for the resurgence in these areas has been a growth in manufacturing jobs. From 2009 to 2013, manufacturing employment in Toledo and Indianapolis rose by more than 9%. In Kokomo, employment in the sector was up 7% in that time. A number of developments in recent years have contributed to manufacturing growth. For one, President Barack Obama has championed manufacturing through the White House’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership, which aims to foster innovation and improve the business climate for manufacturers. Another development was the drop in natural gas prices, which has lowered manufacturing costs for a broad range of products.
The revitalization of the car industry has also been a boon to most of these cities. Each of the five metro areas reviewed is located in one of three states: Indiana, Michigan, or Ohio. All of these states are home to a large number of automotive industry jobs. According to the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group representing some of the largest carmakers in the industry, nearly 22% of Michigan’s job force works for an automaker, supplier, or dealer. In Ohio and Indiana, 12.4% and 13.9% of workers do, respectively. These three states alone account for nearly a third of all automotive sector jobs in the U.S.
To determine the five metro areas that are back from the dead, 24/7 Wall St. looked at unemployment rates from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). To be considered, a metro area had to have an unemployment rate of at least 6.0% in 2006, or roughly 30% above the national average. By 2010, unemployment must have risen to at least 11% before recovering to an unemployment rate equal to or below the national average of 6.1% in August. The labor force also could not have contracted more than 2.8% between 2010 and 2014. We reviewed average weekly wages by metro area through August 2014. For job growth data, we used three month moving averages.
In addition to BLS figures, we reviewed annual economic output data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis through 2013. From the U.S. Census Bureau, we looked at median home values, educational attainment, poverty rates, and the percent of employees by industry. Census Bureau data are as of 2013.
Here are five cities that are back from the dead.

http://usat.ly/10iuaT3The stocks getting drilled by cheap oil
By: Matt Krantz November 4, 2014 12:04 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(Dario Lopez-Mills, AP)
Plummeting oil prices might make consumers happy at the pump. But investors in energy stocks are getting drilled.
All but three of the 43 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Energy sector are down since the price of WTI Crude Oil peaked this year on June 20. As a group, the energy stocks are down a crushing 21.2% on average while the price of oil has dropped 29% since June.
Investors paying attention can learn quite a bit watching how the oil patch stocks react to such a big move in the price of oil. For instance, the three biggest losers since June are all exploration companies, which typically are the most exposed to changes in the price of oil.
Noble (NE) is the worst performer since oil peaked this year, falling a brutal 44%. Just since Friday, as Saudi Arabia’s price cuts started to sink in, Noble shares are down 8%.
The big Integrated oil companies have been more insulated from the declines. Exxon Mobil (XOM) is down 9.4% since the June peak in oil, making it the fifth best performing S&P 500 stock in the energy sector.
S&P 500 ENERGY STOCKS DOWN THE MOST SINCE THE JUNE HIGH THIS YEAR
Company

State Department BriefingEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Saudi reliance on oil  dangerous   says billionaire princeSaudi reliance on oil  dangerous   says billionaire prince
Maruti  Nissan meet Indian safety norms  defends SIAMMaruti  Nissan meet Indian safety norms  defends SIAM
We have learnt to grow despite the challenges: Sunil Bharti MittalWe have learnt to grow despite the challenges: Sunil Bharti Mittal
FT View: Time for a post-Snowden settlement© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9658b31a-6417-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin Galactic crash and the need for risk-takers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/762f34d8-6363-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Second richest man ever was still poorer than usNovember 4, 2014 4:05 pm
The second richest man of all time was poorer than us
John Kay
I would rather have antibiotics than gold plate, and I suspect Rothschild would have felt the same
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d1bb8ca-6412-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraine has done nothing on corruptionSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Tech groups add encryption after SnowdenTech companies step up encryption in wake of Snowden
Hannah Kuchler
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c1553a6-6429-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Irish debt sale to pay down IMF loanIrish debt sale to pay down IMF loan
Elaine Moore and Robin Wigglesworth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da5194c8-6409-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French parties pin hopes on name change© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b386dd7a-5f96-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Israeli holy sites are Jordans minefieldJerusalem’s holy places are a minefield for Jordan
David Gardner – Amman
Jordan is concerned at Israel questioning the status of East Jerusalem’s Muslim holy places
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdbc68f0-6418-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The hidden costs of free careClearly, poverty exacerbates disease, particularly those like TB.
Posted: November 5, 2014 12:48 am
By Nalini Krishnan and Chapal Mehra
An oft-repeated fact about healthcare services provided by the public sector in India is that they are “free”. This leads to the belief that free diagnosis and treatment eventually mean little or no spending on health by the poor and, consequently, this drastically reduces health-related expenses for them.
Hence, many policymakers argue that to improve the health of the poor, the focus should be on strengthening and broadening services in the public sector. In reality, however, this is not the complete truth.
For the poor, accessing free care comes at a significant cost. To access care in the public sector, the quality of which is often inconsistent, the poor not only have to incur costs but also suffer a loss in income. The cost of waiting at a public health facility that does not have operating hours convenient to working patients is the loss of that day’s wage. In addition, a large population waiting to access free care ensures long waiting times, causing missed work days and consequent loss in income.
The alternative is to access the private sector. It is well known that the poor incur considerable costs towards outpatient care, deepening the burden in case of chronic illnesses and pushing households below the poverty line. Health-seeking behaviour skewed towards the private sector is born of necessity rather than choice, as patients need to access the most convenient point of care, which invariably is not the “free services’’ offered by the public healthcare system.
Take the case of an infectious disease like tuberculosis (TB). After a patient is diagnosed in the public sector where services are ostensibly free, the patient often needs to travel to access treatment. The need to access treatment regularly is critical, otherwise it can lead to a worsening of the disease, or worse, drug resistance and a more dangerous form of TB. For this, patients must incur transportation costs and several other expenses, such as costs to treat side effects and other ancillary tests and procedures not accessible at the level of primary care. The regimen to be followed for six months often demands rest, hence employment must wait. Patients also require appropriate nutrition. Therefore, expenses on food increase and others within the household must give up either their share of food or add to the household costs.
A recent study in Peru — “Catastrophic costs and comparing their importance for adverse tuberculosis outcome with multi-drug resistance: a prospective cohort study, Peru” by Tom Wingfield, et al (PLOS Medicine, July 15) — has illustrated the hidden costs of free care in the case of TB. This study has significant implications for high-burden countries like India, where the poorest bear the inordinate burden of this disease. It shows that, despite TB care being free, contracting TB was itself expensive for impoverished patients. The study shows that the poor continued…

Uddhav visits family deity with his 63 MLAs  vows to return with 180Print
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:43 am
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray Tuesday visited the temple of his family deity near Lonavala with 63 of his newly elected MLAs and promised to return the next time with 180 MLAs. “It has been our tradition to pray here and express our gratitude to the Goddess. This time, we have come with 63 legislators. Next time, we shall come with more than 180 MLAs,” Thackeray said after offering his prayers at the Ekvira Temple. He refused to divulge much on whether his party would join the BJP-led government, but said they were keen on a government that worked for the common man. “We want to create a Maharashtra that will be envied by the whole world. We shall bring the governance to the common people and farmers,” he said.
Meanwhile, Sena leader Anil Desai said discussions with the BJP were still going on and that Sena would join the government only if it received an “honorable” proposal from the BJP.

After 40 years presumed dead  on his way home to KeralaBaputty, in Dubai all the time.
New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:43 am
By: Ajay Shankar
The Kerala villager who left for the UAE 40 years ago and then disappeared from the lives of his family is finally coming home.
Traced to a hospital bed in Dubai by his nephew last month, as reported by The Indian Express, Baputty will touch down at the international airport in Kozhikode on an Air India Express flight early on Thursday morning. He will then be taken by his relatives to their family house in Thrissur’s Chavakkad.
“I wonder how they will react back home; they had given him up for dead years ago,” M P Haneefa, his nephew in Dubai, told The Indian Express.
“I have been working here for the last 20 years as a driver, and it now feels so strange to know that my uncle, who we thought had died somewhere in the desert, was living in the same city all this time.”
After arriving in the UAE in the mid-1970s, Baputty was in touch with his parents for about two years before going out of contact. It was after he was admitted to a Dubai hospital for acute diabetes in September that he finally revealed to his only friend Abdul Gafoor that he was not Abdulla Punathil Usman, as they knew him, but Baputty.
“He still hasn’t told us why he cut off his family like this,” Gafoor said. “Last week, he said something about how he didn’t get a decent job at that time. That’s all. When he realised that he had been traced, he was a bit tense initially. But now, he is relaxed and we even went out shopping together.”
Contrary to the usual thread in such stories that emerge from the Middle East, Baputty’s employer, an elderly Arab woman, footed his entire hospital bill of around 20,000 dirhams and got his ticket booked.
“He was happy in that house (in Dubai’s Hor al Anz area); they seem to have treated him well,” said Haneefa. “But now it is the turn of my mother Amina and uncle Moosa (Baputty’s other sibling) to take care of him. They are waiting.”

4 killed in shootout at nightclub near US Embassy in AlbaniaThe violence at the Ante Grand club occurred early Tuesday, killing a 60-year-old Italian man and 3 Albanian men.
By: Associated Press | Tirana | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:41 am
A shootout at a nightclub in Albania has left four people dead, and a lawmaker whose son was detained as a suspect in the case has resigned.
The violence at the Ante Grand club in Tirana occurred early Tuesday, killing a 60-year-old Italian man and three Albanian men, police said. Two other men were hospitalized with injuries.
The shootout followed a quarrel at the club, which is located on the ground floor of an apartment block less than 100 meters (yards) from the US Embassy, police said.
Three suspects were detained, including Konstandin Xhuvani, 25.
Soon afterward, his mother, Luiza Xhuvani, 50, an Albanian film star and governing Socialist party lawmaker, announced her resignation from Parliament at a news conference held with Prime Minister Edi Rama.

No country for small fishersUpdated: November 4, 2014 01:42 IST
No country for small fishers
Joeri Scholtens
Tweet
“Small-scale fishers are powerless in the face of decisions taken at the level of states and international forums.” Picture shows a Sri Lankan fisherman casting his net into the sea at Cheddi Palayan, east of Colombo. Photo: AP
In Sri Lanka, encroachment by Indian trawlers, joint ventures with East Asian vessels and the recent EU ban on seafood exports have a common impact: they cripple small-scale fishers
On October 20, hundreds of angry fishers from south Sri Lanka protested in front of the Fisheries Ministry in Colombo against a European Union (EU) ban on seafood exports from Sri Lanka and the government’s promotion of joint ventures with East Asian fishing companies. Over the years, there have been numerous protests by Northern fishers against poaching by Indian trawlers. These are a reflection of a larger crisis in Sri Lankan fisheries; the fishers face dispossession and fear the end of their way of life.
More than 12 per cent of Sri Lanka’s total population — 2.4 out of 20 million — is dependent on the fisheries sector; in the Northern Province this is as high as 20 per cent. Fish provides a source of vital food security to the poor, with Sri Lankans on average eating 24 kg of fish per year.
Trawling by Tamil fishers
Fisheries in the North, recovering from a devastating war, are crippled by the persistent poaching by trawlers from Tamil Nadu. However, in Tamil Nadu, fishers and politicians have projected this issue as one of bona fide fishers being hauled by the Sri Lankan Navy.
Over the years, Indian trawlers have damaged expensive nets resulting in increased indebtedness of Northern fishers. And now, on the three days of the week when Indian trawlers venture into their waters, Northern fishers either stay home or go for smaller near-shore fishing. The result is a substantial loss of income.
Sadly, the Palk bay fishing conflict has become entangled in the politics of polarisation, without a solution for fishers’ livelihoods and Tamil Nadu’s overcapitalised trawler fleet.
The Southern fishers of Sri Lanka involved in deep-sea fishing were relatively unhindered except for occasional arrests in the Indian waters. This deep-sea fishing fleet is famous throughout the world for deploying the relatively small 10-16 metre vessels packed with water, ice and rations; making journeys lasting weeks; and travelling thousands of km into the Indian Ocean in search of tuna and shark.
However, in a shocking development, the EU, on October 14, announced a ban on seafood imports from Sri Lanka, from January 15, 2015. This is likely to have severe economic consequences for Southern fishers, as 70 per cent of Sri Lanka’s fisheries exports are to Europe. The EU argues that Sri Lanka has failed to cooperate in eliminating illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing. According to newspaper reports, the straw that broke the camel’s back and led to the ‘red card’ was the sighting of Sri Lankan-flagged fishing boats in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ) of Diego Garcia, a ‘British Indian Ocean Territory’.
What led to this development? One factor has been Sri Lanka’s questionable allocation of licences to relatively large East Asian fishing vessels. These joint ventures are linked to the overambitious targets for increased fish production, inspired by Sri Lanka’s post-war high growth development regime.
Sri Lankan boats are regularly sighted in foreign waters, going against the EU mantra of regulated and traceable fishing. But it is the Sri Lankan-flagged multinational vessels that were reported to the EU for illegal fishing in Diego Garcia.
Yet, this ban is fishy! The Indian Ocean Tuna Commission database reveals that in 2013, Sri Lanka’s fleet of 2230 boats caught 10 per cent of tuna, while the EU caught 16 per cent of the total tuna landings from the Indian Ocean.
The EU fleet consists of 81 industrial vessels with an average capacity 50 times that of one Sri Lankan vessel. The contribution of this European fleet to employment and food security is not only nil to the people of the Indian Ocean, but also marginal to Europeans themselves.
How have European fleets ended up in the distant Indian Ocean? And how can the EU reprimand Sri Lanka for fishing near Diego Garcia?
As per the 1982 U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), a treaty which added 200 nautical miles (360km) territorial extension called the ‘exclusive economic zone’ (EEZ) to nations’ territorial waters, exclusive resource exploitation rights were provided to European countries occupying strategic colonial islands. Thus, in 1982, the U.K. gained exclusive exploitation rights over 639,000 sq.km of seas around Diego Garcia, a barren archipelago used as a U.S. military base. Since then, an Indian or a Sri Lankan fisherman in these waters is considered a ‘poacher’, subject to punishment by the EU.
Seen from this historical perspective, banning Sri Lanka’s tuna exports in the name of sustainability and non-compliance is both paternalistic and hypocritical. In Sri Lanka, officials and fishermen alike have been wondering why the EU hasn’t applied the same IUU sanctions in relation to Tamil Nadu’s intense poaching in Sri Lankan waters.
When law trumps lives
There is no doubt that fisheries require some form of regulation. However, at present, international law; science-based management; ideas about state sovereignty and territory; and grand development visions are increasingly determining fishery policies.
Fishers’ concerns have been ignored in the larger geopolitical game of state interests. With dialogue between fishers from both sides of the Palk Bay deadlocked, the two governments are now driving the negotiations.
Significantly, President Mahinda Rajapaksa ordered the release of all Indian fishermen in custody, immediately after India abstained from backing a U.N. human rights resolution against Sri Lanka early this year. Similarly, Southern fishers may face new rules, negotiated between their government and the EU, which may aggravate ground realities. Few decades back, it was the India-Norway statist modernisation vision that led to the introduction of the ecologically devastating practice of bottom-sea trawling in India.
The encroachment by Indian trawlers; the Sri Lankan companies’ joint ventures with East Asian vessels; and the EU ban have a common impact. They cripple small-scale fishers who are powerless in the face of decisions taken at the level of states and international forums.
The development argument in Sri Lanka, that supporting technologically ‘inefficient’ small-scale fisheries is economically unrealistic and naive, does not hold water.
The alternatives for men and women from the fishing community have been to migrate to work in the Middle East and countries such as Italy, or work in the garment factories in the Free Trade Zones. Both options require getting separated from their communities and families and carrying out mainly unskilled and precarious work elsewhere. By comparison, small-scale fisheries continue to provide decent livelihoods with dignity.
(Joeri Scholtens is a researcher at the Centre for Maritime Research, University of Amsterdam, Netherlands; Ahilan Kadirgamar is a researcher and political economist based in Jaffna, Sri Lanka.)

Street digests Alibaba s first earnings reportWall Street digests Alibaba’s first earnings report
By: Adam Shell November 4, 2014 6:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
 
(AP)
When the initial public offering of Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba went off on Sept. 19 with great fanfare — and a 38% first-day stock pop — it also carried with it a negative stigma. Sept. 19, the day of the BABA IPO, was also the day the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 hit what at the time was an intraday record. The Alibaba hype was cited by many market skeptics as the day the stock market topped.
But that negative story line ended Friday, when the benchmark U.S. stock index closed at a new record, erasing all of the nearly 10% loss it suffered from its Sept. 19 intraday peak to its session low on Oct. 15.
Now, Alibaba ( BABA ) is back in the news. The powerful Chinese Internet stock made a new all-time high Monday, climbing $3.20, or 3.3%, to $101.80. Today it releases its first quarterly earnings report since it became a public company six weeks ago.
Alibaba will likely have to top forecasts in a major way for the needle on the stock to keep pointing north. Alibaba must hurdle the 45 cents-a-share profit and $2.64 billion in revenue that analysts forecast, Thomson Reuters says.
(BREAKING NEWS: Alibaba’s earnings per share came in in-line with expectations at 45 cents. But its revenue of $2.74 billion topped Wall Street forecasts. In pre-market trading around 8:15 a.m. ET, BABA shares were trading unchanged, after being up as much as 3.5% this morning.)
The broad U.S. stock gauges won’t get a Alibaba-specific boost today because Alibaba is a Chinese company and is not a component of any of the major U.S. stock indexes. Any stock market benefit from Alibaba’s rising stock price today on its earnings report will be mostly sentiment driven. Following Alibaba’s profit report this morning, the Dow Jones industrial average was trading down 6 points in pre-market trading, which is better than the -20 prior to the Alibaba announcement.
The timing of the earnings report coincides with the S&P 500’s run Friday to its 35th record high of 2014.
Alibaba’s stock has been hot since hitting its closing low for the year Oct. 14, when it tumbled to $84.95. It has climbed 19.8% since. The stock remains richly priced. Expectations remain high on Wall Street.
 

Vigil up at Kolkata port following  threatUpdated: November 5, 2014 02:17 IST
Vigil up at Kolkata port following 'threat'
Indrani Dutta
The Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) stepped up vigil following "threat perception" at the port and its installations. File photo shows traffic being handled by the port. Photo: Arunangsu Roy Chowdhury
TOPICS
waterway and maritime transport
Patrolling was intensified at the Kolkata Port Trust, the country's first major port, following the receipt of an input on `threat perception’.
The Centre has sent an alert on a possible terror threat against the city. There was no official word on this matter, amid reports that the Kolkata Port Trust, the nearly 150-year old institution was on the radar.
Senior officials of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), Navy, and Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT), Kolkata police’s Special Task Force(STF) and Special Branch officials held a meeting on Monday after receiving an alert from the Centre, police sources told The Hindu.“ The alert is of a general kind and no particular threat has been specified,” the source said. The KoPT has decided to intensify its vigilance and patrolling following the receipt of an input on ‘threat perception’ at the port and its installations. The alert was received on Monday evening.
Sources told The Hindu that after receiving the alert, the port authorities held a meeting to review security arrangements.
The Navy pulled out INS Khukri and INS Sumitra, which had called on Kolkata port on Monday evening to take part in the Navy Week observances, and deployed them to scour the seas in the wake of the terror alert.
(With additional inputs from S.Anandan)

With a bullet: War  banks  $2.25 gasSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Robust economic growth has helped push the U.S. budget deficit down to the lowest level since 2008, marking the sharpest turnaround in the government’s fiscal position in at least 46 years.
Growth in the European Union, however, is expected to slow, thanks to tensions in the Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as lack of investment.
(Valerio Pennicino, Getty Images for Maserati)
Three things quantitative easing did not do . Hint: One is “cause inflation.”
Saudi Arabia cuts prices, possibly undermining U.S. energy producers . If you’re in Spring, Texas, stop by the Phillips 66 station at the corner of Kuykendahl Road & London Way Drive, where regular unleaded is $2.25 a gallon.
Risqué business:   Sex, drugs and investment banking .
Would a Maserati cheer you up? Of course it would! And apparently, lots of people needed cheering in October: Maserati sales soared 97% from a year prior.
Herbalife missed its own third-quarter earnings forecast . Nearly half the company’s outstanding shares are being used in short positions – bets that the stock will fall.
Tales of digital currencies past: Cautionary lessons from Dotcom Bubble V.1 .
Surprising Election Day news from around the nation: Plastic bag makers want California voters to overturn a ban on plastic bags .
Can’t find your polling place? Google “ Where do I vote”. Now go out and vote.
 
 

How to Be an Eagle  Not a ChickenWe are in the midst of a global crisis.
Truth is that you could argue we are in the midst of many global crises...
Ebola, New Cold War, Middle East, Terrorism
Banking, Poverty Gap, Job Market
Housing, Famine, Water, Energy
Weather... and on and on...
Yet -- I'd continue to argue -- all of them have one core crisis in common...
The lack of accountability for lasting and just solutions.
You see... it's not that we can't find the responsible people... they are clear.
Be they in government or business, public sector or private, elected or appointed, hired or anointed...
Some are heads of state or their ministers; some are CEOs or their minions; others are mid-level functionaries -- of all sorts -- bureaucrats, if you will, and some are just hired hands simply trying to get through their daily grind...
And it's easy -- simple in fact -- to identify them and point the finger of blame. They are responsible -- after all, they control the budgets or the agencies or the processes or the markets or the governments or the companies that control the money; the decisions and the resources that impact us all -- everyone in the world, day in/day out, 24/7.
They are responsible and we can blame -- but no one wants to be accountable...
And here is the epicenter of it all...
We need accountability -- plain and simple.
People putting their hands up and saying me... not people pointing their fingers, saying him/her, you/them.
Read the news any day -- count the numbers who are ready to accede to being responsible, but who then tell you that it wasn't them who caused the issue, created the crisis, perpetuated the problem -- it was others... their boss, the system, kismet...
And of course those above and below are equally quick to deflect. To point, to blame, to indict...
Yet, what's missing is the simple and poignant hand up -- the buck-stops-with-me body language...no matter where I am in the organizational hierarchy... top, bottom or middle...
Bottom line, to bring it as close to home as I can -- in our business and personal lives it's the same -- I'm personally tired of people -- even in my own company -- passing the buck -- stepping aside -- using regulatory environments, blaming others often through silence -- and basically not standing tall... front and center... with solutions or at least passionate ideas for them that will require dirty hands and, yes, risk.
But think about that risk -- in a world where it's getting ever harder to differentiate, ever more competitive to succeed, ever more difficult to stand out -- think of accountability as the ultimate strategic tool to distinguish yourself from the pack... not to mention that it's the right thing to do and will make you feel good...
Finally... accountability is the great leveler. While responsibilities might change -- accountability can be had by anyone -- all it takes is a raised hand and the moxie to take a risk... and you can be the equal of -- in fact, greater than -- just about anyone.
Accountability is action; accountability leads to big ideas; accountability is like unconditional love -- powerful and feared by those who can't accept it.
Create a culture of accountability... listen:
If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly. Steve Maraboli
It's easy to look at the world and deflect -- but next time you read about a government abdicating around an issue or a company refusing to accept blame for causing hurt, or when you see a coworker point a finger or a friend pretend not to see -- think about the chickens... and be an eagle...
What do you think?
Follow David Sable on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DavidSable
More:

The Importance of Consumer Insights in Today s Marketing Strategiesreddit
It may sound funny to even ask this question, but how many businesses really understand their consumers when it comes to developing new products and services, or marketing those products to potential customers? This does not refer to just understanding consumers in the traditional sense of how a product appeals to a specific demographic group. It means really getting down to the nitty-gritty of understanding why consumers act a certain way, how they share information with each other, and what cultural influences are at work in shaping their perceptions and understandings.
This is one area in marketing that is grossly under-represented in contemporary academic and media discussions. Today's consumers have changed dramatically in how they choose to work with the companies and brands they patronize. They have different backgrounds and cultural foundations, receive and process information in new ways, and want to interact on a more personal level. Businesses and marketers that do not search for consumer insights, or who fail to understand their anthropological backgrounds, will not be able to connect or engage with prospects and won't be able to motivate them to become customers.
The anthropological approach to marketing is all about understanding culture. Instead of trying to change behaviors, marketers can learn how to play into them and utilize them to their advantage. Since building a brand is based upon establishing an intellectual and emotional relationship, business planners, product developers and marketers must all take the cultural context into consideration. Culture is not just language, but a combination of historical, tribal and mythological characterizations. A greater understanding of cultural insights and anthropological factors increases the marketer's ability to motivate action and effect behavioral change.
The Forces Behind the Rise of Consumer Insights
As business has grown and evolved, marketers are all well aware that we can no longer try to give consumers "any color they want, so long as it's black," as Henry Ford was so fond of saying. Companies now realize that they need to offer a wide variety of products, services, colors and fashions to appeal to an ever-changing customer base. But why do some products fairly jump off the shelves while others languish in obscurity? Each company may assert that it has done in-depth market research, but have they truly looked for consumer insights which would make their product more desirable?
The make-up of the buying public has changed dramatically in the past decade or two. Consumers now represent a complex mixture of Baby Boomers, Gen Xers, and Gen Yers, all vying for the attention of corporate planners. Each group has its own specific needs, wants and desires. Without gaining insights into these groups, businesses will never be able to develop products they want, or to promote them in a way that gains attention. Even within these groups, there can be a wide diversity of characteristics. A Baby Boomer who is just approaching retirement has an entirely different mindset than someone who has already been living in Florida for ten years.
Businesses need to culturally understand why each group is different. What was going on as each generation was growing up? What shaped their values and morals? How do they interact with each other and corporations? While an older generation might have been more open to accepting Ford's brusque evaluation, younger consumers will certainly not consent to any such arrangement.
Added to the complex demographic puzzle is the new global economy where consumers can virtually come from any part of the world that has an Internet connection. This will take a massive understanding into the consumer insights that shape buying patterns in various countries. While American consumers might value certain traits, Europeans may have different needs and desires. Even Europe can't be looked at as one giant market; anthropologists will be needed to study the differences from country to country, and even within the various regions of each country. Businesses need to understand how each population relates to the products and services it uses before marketing plans can be set in place.
All of this must also be accomplished in the blink of a virtual eye because the social media universe has made the consumer response swift and unrelenting. Products or services that are brought to market without delving into the reasons why consumers might want them are quickly and unceremoniously laughed off the internet shelf. Social media influencers and advocates can quickly build up a product they like to their circle of influence, or just as easily tear it down.
Consumer-centric marketing is more than just a buzzword. The world has changed dramatically, and continues to evolve rapidly. What appeals to customers one day may not work the next. Businesses need to wake up to this fact and improve their insights into consumer behavior.
Follow Jure Klepic on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jkcallas
More:

The F-35C fighters carrier landing is just the beginning in sea testingBy Dan Lamothe November 4 Follow @danlamothe
The F-35C made its first aircraft carrier arrested landing aboard the USS Nimitz off the coast of California. (AP)
The F-35C Joint Strike Fighter jet took a major step on Monday, making its first ever “arrested” landing on an aircraft carrier. Navy officials billed it as a historic moment, but it comes at the beginning of at-sea testing for the aircraft that will help determine when it is ready for combat missions.
The jet landed on the USS Nimitz at 12:18 p.m. off the coast of California, with the ship’s wires snagging the plane and bringing it to a stop. A second plane landed in similar fashion a short time later, and both aircraft caught the preferred third arresting wire (there are multiple), according to a Breaking Defense reporter who witnessed the landings.
There’s plenty more to come. The Navy is planning to complement its fleet of F/A-18E and F/A-18F Super Hornets with the F-35C, and will put the new plane through a number of trials over the next two weeks. They will include operational maneuvers, catapult takeoffs and more arrested landings, Navy officials said. Breaking Defense said night landings — considered more difficult — will occur near the end of testing this month.
The Navy released several videos of the first landing. Here are a few others that show how the arresting wires work a bit better:
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Obedient bear is listening  open to taking directions from guy who tells it to scramBy Sarah Larimer November 4 Follow @slarimer
HEY! BEAR! GET OUT OF HERE. (Screenshot/YouTube)
Happy Election Day, everyone. We’ve got a very special midterm treat for you this Tuesday: a bear video.
I mean, yes, we have comprehensive election coverage from a killer team of rad journalists , but also … this bear video. Enjoy!
Depending on your perspective, Tuesday’s bear video hero is either this extremely chill bear, or this dude who decides that the best way to get rid of an extremely chill bear in New Jersey is to calmly ask it to leave. “Alright that’s far enough, buddy,” he says, like he’s the bear police. “Come on. Get out of here.”
And it works! The bear is basically like ugh, sigh, fine, remember to vote, and lumbers away. Who knew that simply asking a bear to leave you alone would work! This guy didn’t even have to say please!
The Washington Post (dot com) — your source for bear-related news, since, well, since we decided to make it that way , I guess.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

On election day  consider abstaining from ignorant votingBy Ilya Somin November 4
Today, Americans will go to the polls to decide who will control the House and Senate, and also vote on numerous state races and ballot initiatives. As before every election, we are subjected to constant claims that we have a moral obligation to vote. In some cases, however, we can best serve our fellow citizens by abstaining from voting in situations where we are ignorant about the issues at stake. What I wrote on this subject on election day in 2012 remains relevant:
In many cases… we [are about to vote] on candidates and issues that we know very little about. It is rational for most voters to be ignorant about most issues , because the chance of casting a decisive ballot in an election is so extremely low. And the available evidence strongly suggests that much of the public is poorly informed about politics and public policy .
Even if you are an unusually well-informed voter, the enormous size, scope, and complexity of modern government ensure that there will be many issues and candidates about which you know very little….
It’s unrealistic to expect that everyone will achieve a high level of knowledge about every race and every initiative. But if you find that you know little or nothing about a particular race or ballot question, you might want to consider simply not voting on it. As political philosopher Jason Brennan argues , voters have a moral duty to be at least reasonably well-informed about the issues they vote on, because the decisions they make affect not just themselves but all of society. John Stuart Mill put it well when he wrote that voting is not just an exercise of personal choice, but rather “the exercise of power over others.” If you can’t exercise that power in at least a minimally responsible manner, maybe you should not do so at all.
It would be dangerous to give government the power to forcibly exclude ignorant voters from the franchise. Incumbent political leaders could too easily abuse it to exclude their political opponents or to target unpopular minorities. But there is no such danger if a voter voluntarily chooses not to vote in a particular race because he or she decides they don’t have enough knowledge to vote responsibly.
[Note: I have updated some of the links in this excerpt].
You might be tempted to think that, even if you know very little about the issues, you can still cast a well-informed ballot by using information “shortcuts,” such as voting against incumbents when things seem to be going badly under their watch. Shortcuts can help in some cases. But they also be actively misleading, and often require considerable preexisting knowledge to use effectively .
You might also worry that if you and others with similar interests choose not to vote, those who do will bias government policy in favor of their own narrow interests and against yours. Fortunately, however, on most issues there is little or no correlation between narrow self-interest and the distribution of public opinion , after controlling for other relevant variables. Most voters want government policies that benefit society as a whole, not just themselves and their families. The problem is that many of them have very little understanding of how to achieve that laudable goal.
On a few issues, voters do prioritize narrow self-interest (e.g. - restrictions on smoking, which non-smokers support at much higher rates than smokers do ). But even in these cases, a selfish but knowledgeable electorate, though far from ideal, may be less dangerous than a well-intentioned but ignorant one .
As I noted in the 2012 post, how ignorant you should be before it makes sense to abstain from voting may depend on how your knowledge stacks up relative to the rest of the likely electorate:
There is a legitimate argument to be had about how low your knowledge level needs to be before you should seriously consider abstaining. The answer depends in part on the knowledge level of the rest of the electorate. Even if you know very little about a given race or issue, you may be justified in voting if the rest of the probable electorate is even worse. But, at the very least, you should probably abstain if you know almost nothing. In that scenario, the average of the rest of the electorate will usually be better, or at least is unlikely to be worse.
In that same post, I explained that I try to practice what I preach. Because of the nature of my academic work and my longstanding interest in a number of political issues, I know more than the average voter does about a good many issues and races. But there are still cases where I think my knowledge is low enough that abstention is the right choice. When that happens, I do indeed abstain.
Some will argue that if you are politically ignorant, you have an absolute duty to study up on the issues until you become well-informed. I don’t go that far (though I do believe many voters are falling short of what can reasonably be expected of them). Given the enormous size and complexity of modern government, and the huge number of races and ballot initiatives, few if any citizens have enough time and energy to become even moderately well-informed about all of the relevant issues. That’s particularly true of those who have time-consuming jobs and family obligations.
Political ignorance isn’t always morally reprehensible. In some cases, it isn’t even reprehensible if our knowledge falls short of the very modest standards of the average voter. But when that happens, we should at least avoid inflicting that ignorance on our fellow citizens.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Protecting children in schoolsUpdated: November 4, 2014 01:10 IST
Protecting children in schools
Tweet
Extremely disturbing incidents of sexual assault on children inside school premises have been reported in quick succession from Bengaluru. Two cases were reported in the month of October alone and at least nine such cases, including extreme cases of rape, have been reported during this year. The victims include a girl as young as three. While media coverage may have led to increased reporting of such incidents, it must be pointed out that attention came to be focussed on the issue after cases were reported from upmarket English medium schools. There is a fear that cases in schools catering to the poor may not even come to light. Sexual abuse of children is not restricted to schools and often goes unreported in several venues across the country. A comprehensive survey conducted in 2007 by the Ministry of Women and Child Development, Government of India, found that 53.22 per cent of over 12,000 children interviewed had faced sexual abuse. The survey suggested that schools constitute a relatively safer environment and most abuses are perpetrated by family members, including parents. Till March this year, 400 cases have been registered under the stringent Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012 (POCSO) and over 12,000 cases of rape of children were registered in 2013 under Section 376 of the IPC. These statistics underline the enormity of the issue, which needs to be addressed in its entirety.
However, following the incidents in Bengaluru, the public debate is over safety in schools. Improving safety measures and fixing vicarious responsibility on school managements are important, but there are deeper concerns that need to be addressed. Even as the number of schools are growing, there are hardly any systems to verify the antecedents of staff members, and this has at times let even habitual offenders come in close contact with children. Schools need to scrutinise their teaching and non-teaching staff more closely. Improving awareness over what constitutes sexual abuse as defined by law is essential. It is also important to counsel parents and teachers to actively encourage dialogue with children and make them aware of any dangers and report such incidents. Even basic protocols on the time and place of contact with a child by staff members are not followed in most schools. Making the law enforcement authorities more sensitive to dealing with such cases is another major challenge, and often the psychological impact of such cases on the victims, parents and other children is not addressed seriously. These are issues that need to be dealt with sternly and swiftly at the national level. The concern is not just that these cases have been reported in one city, but the fact that they may be going unreported in several others.

5 Essential Tools for When You re Working from a Remote Locationreddit
The life of a freelancer: flexible working hours, and holidays in the canary islands. I guess that's true for some of the top-tier freelancers, as for the rest of us - we've to keep learning, keep being motivated to learn more about our craft, and perhaps one day we'll find ourselves in a nice boat, by a sunny beach - that's covered in white sand.
Learning to work from anywhere you like isn't as difficult as it sounds , if you're anything like me - a computer oriented professional who works with online clients, learning to handle those clients from a remote location isn't really all that hard, and once you get past that - you truly can work from anywhere you like, so as long as you have the following five tools with you.
1. Laptop Computer
You won't be doing much work without a proper laptop computer, and while many will say to opt for Apple-built products, you can still find 'cheap' alternatives in the lower-end market. I've been using a Sony VAIO for little over two years now, and I cannot recommend this machine enough.
It's also possible to opt for a tablet, but then you've to make sure to get a separate wireless keyboard (and possibly a mouse), so as not to make your working hours a complete nightmare.
2. Mobile Hotspot
The world is not ready for a global internet revolution, and I can almost guarantee that you're going to be running into places and locations that have it tough with solid Wi-FI connections. For this problem, we can use something called 'Mobile Tethering', which allows you to link up your mobile internet connection with your laptops/tablets device; definitely learn more about this .
3. Cloud Storage
It really depends on what you do as your work, but chances are that you're going to require to have access to certain files, pictures and other media; and not always is it possible to have the same type of media across all your devices; which is where cloud storage comes to the rescue.
You can find plenty of reliable cloud storage providers out there, with the most commonly known ones being Box, Dropbox, and Google Cloud Storage.
4. Openness
In many ways, you'll be challenged by your environment and surroundings, which is why having an open mind about everything is the way to go. You can't expect things to roll the same way for too long, so be prepared to adjust to whatever the remote location is demanding from you.
5. Sanity
The last tool that we need is the ability to stay sane when situations start becoming stories to tell. I guess in other words we could say that we need to have enough love for ourselves, as an example - you should give yourself enough time every day to: reflect, observe, and analyze your progress.
Just because you're away from your usual environment, doesn't mean that you cannot perform the same tasks as you would back home. Take it in your hands, you won't regret it.
Conclusion
I guess what is missing from this list is your actual work. What is the project that you're working on, and would you like to take to a remote location for a while? If you do, you've got the necessary checklist to take with you, as long as you can cover these basic requirements - you will be able to do just as much work from a hammock, as you would from your desk.
Follow Alex Ivanovs on Twitter: www.twitter.com/alexivanovs
More:

The Knowledge Philosophy - Ancient and Modernreddit
I'm excited.  I've been studying first and second century AD philosophers, including Jesus and the Christian "Gnostics".  The Gnostics placed the greatest value on knowledge - the hope for mankind and the possibility of salvation, they believed, came from understanding the nature of the universe; and the best place to start was with introspection and the psychology of the individual.  It strikes me that this is the best possible modern philosophy - the one most likely to be true and useful - and that it's relevant to artists, scientists, and entrepreneurs, as well as to all of us as individuals.
And guess who appears to have been the best exponent of the "Knowledge Philosophy"?  Well, with one big caveat (that I will come to later), I would award the prize in the ancient division (of ancient and modern) to Jesus of Nazareth - but not the one that the church has promoted for 19 centuries.  The Jesus I speak of is the "Gnostic Jesus", the one revealed by the ancient but unofficial Gnostic Gospels discovered in 1945 at Nag Hammadi in Upper Egypt.
I'm reading - again and again - one of the Gnostic Gospels, the one attributed to Thomas, the twin brother of Jesus.  The Gospel of Thomas was not written by Jesus' twin, any more than Jesus' original disciples wrote Matthew, Mark, Luke or John.  Yet the sayings in the Gospel of Thomas may be earlier and more authentic than those in the familiar gospels.
What does this Unfamiliar Jesus say?
First, "we came from the light".  Humans contain the divine spark, and came from heaven.  But that spiritual self has been imprisoned in the material world, that of our bodies and all the things necessary for the support of the body.  The world of light has no darkness, no division, no hatred, no anxiety, and no time constraint.  The material world has all of these bad things, and our bodies will inevitably head downhill and die.  The human condition is defined by the internal war between body and spirit, darkness and light, death and life.
When the world was created, mankind was riven between its true - spiritual - nature, and its incarnation in bodies, with all their imperfection and decay.   Our sense of unity with the universe - the "one" that each of us was, our true spiritual nature - became "two", when body was added to spirit.  Not only did this lead to alienation, but also to the probability that we forget that we are spiritual beings, and in the futile struggle to survive in the material world, we let our spiritual side shrivel and die.
Second, the way out of this impasse, out of divided nature, is to acquire knowledge of how things really stand, and in particular, knowledge of the self.  In the Gospel of Thomas, the disciples ask Jesus how to find the kingdom of heaven, when and where it will come.  His answer is that the question itself is misconceived:
"If those who lead you say to you, 'See, the kingdom is in the sky,' then the birds of the sky will precede you.  If they say to you, 'It is in the sea,' then the fish will precede you.  Rather the kingdom is inside you, and it is outside of you ... When you come to know yourselves, theyn you will become known, and you will realize it is you who are the sons of the living Father.  But if you will not know yourselves, you dwell in poverty and you are that poverty."
The kingdom is inside everyone who is aware of their inner self and lets it blossom.
If we do not come to know ourselves, if we do not come to know and nurture our spirit, we are destroying the valuable part of our nature - it withers and dies.  But if we come to know ourselves, we are led into the mysteries of the universe, to the kingdom of heaven, to the verge of knowledge of God.  As the Book of Thomas the Contender puts it:
"Whoever has not known himself has known nothing, but whoever has known himself has simultaneously achieved knowledge about the depth of all things."
In the Gospel of Thomas, Jesus says something that seems to prefigure psychoanalysis:
"If you bring forth what is within you, what you bring forth will save you.  If you do not bring forth what is within you, what you do not bring forth will destroy you."
Third, we acquire eternal life by developing the spirit.  The body will surely die, but the spirit, if it is strong enough, will return to whence it came:
"Jesus said, two [the body and the spirit] will rest on a bed: the one [the body] will die, and the other [the spirit] will live."
The first caveat I mentioned earlier, however, is that there is a trade-off between developing our spiritual side and our material circumstances.  In the most laconic of his comments in the Gospel of Thomas, Jesus tells us to "Become passers-by" - to bypass the material world and its preoccupations.  In the Gospel of Thomas, even more than in the church-approved ones, there is a strong streak of anti-materialism.  It has always amazed me that most modern Christians, especially in the United States, manage to combine genuine devotion to "Jesus", with a total disregard of everything that he had to say about riches.  This is very much a case of what the same Jesus might have called "let him who does not have ears to hear, block them up."
But hang on a minute.
There is a fourth theme in the Gospel of Thomas, and I think it is the link between the authentic Jesus on the one hand, and his followers or potential followers today in the arts, sciences, and business on the other hand.
The final theme is what Thomas' Jesus has to say about the development of knowledge:
Jesus said, "Whoever will drink from my mouth will become as I am, and I myself will become that person, and the things that are hidden will be revealed to him."
Unlike the later "Christian" church, Jesus does not pretend that he discovered everything, or that knowledge is revealed once and for all.  Knowledge is something that each spiritual person can discover for themselves, and extend.  Once the teaching of Jesus is internalized, it can be surpassed.
Thus, in a sense, the authority of the Church, and even of Jesus himself, is undermined, and the seeker after truth - the artist, the scholar, the scientist, the person of inspiration - can challenge and revise received wisdom.
Although often retarded by ecclesiastical authority, it is the genuine spirit of the truth-seeking Jesus, revealed by the Gospel of Thomas, which has led to all the advances in the arts and sciences of the Western world.  The Jesus revealed by Thomas is above all a devotee of the ever-shifting and ever-expanding truth.  Devotion to the truth is important; religious observances are not:
His disciples questioned him and said to him, "Do you want us to fast?  How shall we pray? Shall we give alms?  What diet shall we observe?"
Jesus said, "Do not tell lies, and do not do what you hate, for all things are plain in the sight of heaven.  For nothing hidden will not become manifest, and nothing covered will remain without being uncovered."
Jesus said, "Recognize what is before your eyes, and what is hidden will be revealed to you.  For there is nothing hidden which will not become manifest."
Conclusion
Devotion to the expansion of knowledge by the individual is inherently subversive.  It corrodes authority, and rewrites the rules of life in the light of increased knowledge and experience.
If knowledge is valued above everything else, the artist, the scientist, and the entrepreneur will inevitably and necessarily overturn previous views and discover more about the universe and our role in it.   The only way to discover more about reality is through thought experiments and practical experiments.  In business this is through the formation of new ventures.
But knowledge at the most fundamental level is about who we are and how to understand that and deal with it.  In this sense, I don't think anyone has improved much on the views of Jesus the philosopher, as recorded in the Gospel of Thomas.
We are strangers in a strange world, trying to come to terms with our divided selves and our alienation from each other and from the universe as a whole.  The mystic, the spiritual person, and everyone in the long dark night of the soul, longs for a view of the universe as something unitary, something that we can bond with, and be at one with.  I think the evidence is clear that we are not just material beings.  We are seekers after knowledge, which itself is an excellent thing, practically but also morally.  And the most vital thing in life, against all the distractions and attractions of the material world, is to develop our minds and our spirits.  Therein lies the end of alienation, and quite possibly, the joyous survival and fusion of our spirit with ultimate and eternal reality.
Follow Richard Koch on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RichardKoch8020
More:

CVS s Cigarette Ban Is Boosting SalesCVS's Cigarette Ban Appears To Have Boosted Sales
Posted:
reddit
CVS's move to ban cigarette sales earlier this year seems to be paying off.
Revenue jumped 9.7 percent in CVS' latest quarter from the same period a year ago, the company, which has rebranded itself as CVS Health, reported on Tuesday. That was due in part to a nearly 16-percent gain in revenue for CVS's pharmacy services, which rose to $22.5 billion in the quarter from $19.4 billion a year earlier.
The gain in pharmacy-services revenue helped offset a 4.5-percent year-over-year drop in sales in what is known as the "front of the store" -- where things like magazines, candy, greeting cards and toothpaste are sold -- in stores open a year or more.  And that drop was due to the end of cigarette sales, CVS said.
This all fits into CVS’s grand strategy to rebrand itself as a more healthful company, said Vishnu Lekraj, an analyst who covers CVS for the investment research firm Morningstar.
CVS's pharmacy services trade, where the 16-percent increase in revenue occurred, is where the company earns big bucks by contracting with large employers and insurance companies to administer prescription-drug coverage. And it can better attract corporate partners with a healthier brand, Lekraj said.
"They can’t market themselves as a health-care servicer when they’re selling one of the most unhealthy products around,” he said.
Front-of-store sales at CVS will keep falling in the near term, but that doesn't really matter, Lekraj said. The money that CVS can earn by grabbing a larger portion of the country's expanding health-care market will likely outweigh the annual $2 billion it loses through cigarette sales , which only made up a small percentage of its revenue in the first place.
Health-care spending in the U.S. is projected to grow by 5.6 percent this year and by another 6 percent a year from 2015-2023 , according to predictions by federal auditors. There are millions of people newly insured by the Affordable Care Act . And CVS is also turning itself into a low-budget doctor's office: The company has more than 900 "Minute Clinics" nationwide that offer quick service for things like flu shots or blood-pressure tests, luring in customers who may not want to wait (or travel) to see a doctor.
More:

CBI arrests BJD MP  2 formerMLAsBJD MP Ramchandra Hansda outside the CBI office.
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:18 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 12:11 pm
In a jolt to ruling Biju Janata Dal (BJD), the CBI on Tuesday arrested BJD MP Ramchandra Hansda and former party MLA Subarna Nayak for their alleged links with chit fund company Nabadiganta Capital Services. Former BJP MLA Hitesh Bagarti too was arrested over the same charges.
Soon after their arrest, BJD chief Naven Patnaik suspended Hansda and Nayak from the party. The BJP issued a press release saying Bagarti is no longer its member and that he wasn’t given party ticket during polls this year.
All three were summoned by the CBI on Tuesday, for the third time in 12 days, for interrogation. In July this year, the CBI had recovered Rs 28 lakh from the house of Hansda, first time MP and secretary of the BJD Parliamentary Party in Lok Sabha. An MLA of NCP in the last Assembly, Hansda switched to BJD on the eve of polls this year.
Hansda, the founder director of the chit fund firm, had initially claimed that it was his “own money” but later changed his stand and said the money belonged to his supporters. Hitesh Bagarti and Subarna Nayak, MLAs in the last Assembly and directors of the same firm, were denied tickets in this year by the BJD and the BJP, respectively. On October 26, chairman-cum-managing director of the firm Anjan Kumar Baliarsingh and two directors — Kartikeya Parida and Pradeep Patnaik — were arrested by the CBI.
Nabadiganta Capital Services, one of the 44 chit fund firms being probed under orders of the Supreme Court, raised Rs 15 crore between August 2011 and 2013 from people promising better returns. But the company managed to return only half of the money till its assets were seized by the CID following complaints from over 20,000 depositors.
This is the second arrest of BJD men after the CBI got former chief whip and party MLA Pravat Tripathy on October 31 over his links with chit fund firm Artha Tatwa. Tripathy too has been suspended from the party and was remanded in CBI custody till November 13.
CBI sources said that more members of the ruling party might come in its net once they start interrogating Prashant Das, chief of chit fund group Seashore. Das, who is being quizzed by ED, reportedly said that Seashore made more than Rs 50 crore in different government projects. Das collected hundreds of crores of from the public by offering high interest rates and then invested around Rs 12 crore each in health, tourism, industries and science and technology departments.
So far, the CBI and the Orissa Police have made over 750 arrests in connection with the chit fund scam.

NIA  ED to revisit 10 poorly probed cases ofBengalThe Burdwan blast took place in a house rented by suspected militants in Burdwan's Khagragarh area. (Source: Representational image by Reuters)
Written by Madhuparna Das , Sagnik Chowdhury | New Delhikolkata | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:17 am
As the National Investigation Agency (NIA) probes the Khagragarh blast case in West Bengal’s Burdwan district, central agencies have stumbled upon at least 10 cases of bomb blasts between 2009 and 2014 that they feel were not properly investigated by the state police.
The revelation came as the NIA and Enforcement Directorate (ED) were trying to locate the money trail to the explosive “industry” in Bengal and came across a blast case lodged with Ketugram police station in August, 2009 in which two people were killed. Sheikh Aman and Sheikh Gulzar were reportedly killed while making bombs in the house of one Sheikh Saifuddin.
However, no person was arrested in connection to the incident. Case records claimed that since the bomb makers were killed, no clue was found. The blast was termed as an incident related to “local politics”. Coincidentally, Ketugram, also in Burdwan district, is not very far from Khagragarh.
“This case of Ketugram has several similarities with the Khagragrah blast. One of these is that in both cases, the house was blown up completely. However, no investigation took place. This case prompted us to start investigation into the old explosion cases in Bengal. Now we are trying to join the dots,” said a senior ED official.
Now, the agencies have asked the Bengal police for the records of all of these cases that they feel merit an in-depth enquiry. Sources revealed that apart from the terror angle, the agencies would also look into the funding sources of these units, the expertise, the men involved and the supply chain.
The 10 cases that are being reopened have been clubbed into one and the ED has lodged a fresh FIR in this connection. The NIA, too, has formed a separate unit to probe these cases for links to the Khagragarh blast. Notably, while each of these blasts claimed lives or damaged property, they were categorised as “ordinary cases” by the Bengal police.
“We have already asked for records of similar cases and have got documents for nine cases. We have also asked for documents for the bomb seizure case registered with Parui police station in Birbhum on October 24,” said the ED official.
The police had seized over 800 bombs in a single day from an abandoned government primary health centre at Sattor village near Makra in Parui police station area.
NIA looking for owner of car found abandoned outside Simulia madrasa
The NIA officers probing the Burdwan blast and the Jamat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terror conspiracy have, over the past two days, been trying to ascertain the whereabouts of a Pune resident identified as Anirban Ghosh, who is the registered owner of an abandoned Tata Nano found outside the Simulia madrasa in Burdwan.
The orange Tata continued…

US justices sympathetic to whistleblower over air marshalleakSupreme Court justices appeared to be leaning toward ruling that ex-air marshal can seek whistleblower protections.
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:15 am
US Supreme Court justices on Tuesday appeared to be leaning toward ruling that a former air marshal can seek whistleblower protections for disclosing sensitive information to the news media about the absence of security officers on certain flights.
During an hour-long oral argument, a majority of the nine justices sounded skeptical about the case made by President Barack Obama’s administration, which is seeking to reverse an appeals court ruling favoring whistleblower Robert MacLean, who was fired for the 2003 leak.
MacLean told an MSNBC reporter the US Transportation Security Administration (TSA) had decided not to assign air marshals to certain long-distance flights, a decision he disagreed with. He said the decision was made soon after the TSA told marshals of a potential plot to hijack US Airplanes.
The TSA places undercover armed air marshals on some commercial US flights to monitor security.
The events took place in the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States in which al Qaeda militants hijacked airliners and crashed them into the World Trade Center in New York, the Pentagon in Virginia and a Pennsylvania field.
The legal question is whether MacLean’s actions may be protected by the US Whistleblower Protection Act, a law that protects employees if a disclosure exposes unlawful conduct, gross mismanagement or threats to public safety.
The government said the TSA had grounds to remove MacLean from his position in 2006 because disclosure of such sensitive information was prohibited under agency regulations. During the oral argument, several justices questioned whether those regulations carried any weight.
Justice Antonin Scalia expressed doubt that language in the whistleblower statute that limits protections when disclosures are “specifically prohibited by law” could be applied to regulations as the government argues.
“The notion that this is what Congress had in mind … I find that hard to believe,” Scalia told Justice Department lawyer Ian Gershengorn.
But justices still expressed concern about the government’s need to protect certain information so it does not get into the hands of militants who might want to target US commercial flights.
“I am worried about a practical matter. I am worried about the decision of the court against you leading to somebody blowing up an airplane,” Justice Stephen Breyer told Gershengorn.
If the court were to rule against the government, Breyer and other justices floated the prospect of the president issuing an executive order requiring specific information to be kept secret. Gershengorn said that would be an option.
The Obama administration appealed after the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled in April 2013 for MacLean, saying the Aviation and Transportation Security Act did not specifically prohibit him from making the disclosure.
Even if MacLean wins at the Supreme Court, the lawsuit would not be over as the courts have not yet definitively resolved whether his actions continued…

Chinese Takeaway: Lankapit-stopBoth Colombo and Beijing have countered India’s concerns by stating that there is nothing unusual about Chinese naval visits to Lankan ports.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:04 am
An explanation often is worse than the presumed offence. Statements from Colombo and Beijing this week on the frequent appearance of Chinese submarines and ships at Sri Lankan ports are likely to worsen New Delhi’s concerns rather than blunt them. Both Colombo and Beijing have countered India’s concerns by stating that there is nothing unusual about Chinese naval visits to Lankan ports.
“It is an international common practice for a navy submarine to stop for refuelling and crew refreshment at an overseas port,” an official from China’s defence ministry told China’s news agency Xinhua. A Sri Lankan navy spokesperson did acknowledge the Chinese vessels’ arrival at the Colombo port last week. He said “a submarine and a warship have docked at Colombo harbour” and added that this is “nothing unusual”. “Since 2010, 230 warships have called at Colombo port from various countries on goodwill visits and for refuelling and crew refreshment,” the spokesman said.
Delhi’s issue is not with the practice of international port calls in Lanka. The problem for India is that China is not just another country. Given India’s security problems with China on its northern frontiers, it is extremely sensitive to potential Chinese naval presence on its maritime frontiers to the south. Equally important is the nature of India’s own security partnership with Sri Lanka. Delhi and Colombo have had a longstanding understanding that Lanka will not allow foreign military presence on its territory that could be inimical to Indian interests.
What Colombo and Beijing are telling Delhi is that Chinese naval presence in Sri Lanka is now routine and India should get used to it. Delhi quite clearly will find it hard to digest.
BASES AND PLACES
That China’s naval profile in the Indian Ocean will continue to grow is now beyond doubt. But the security establishment in Delhi has good reasons not to jump to the conclusion that Sri Lanka is about to give a naval “base” to China.
First, there is nothing to suggest that the PLA Navy is now looking at military bases of the traditional kind, where a major power stations military personnel, weapons and other equipment to allow combat operations from the territory of another country. The proposition that China is acquiring a “string of pearls”, or a series of military facilities, all across the Indian Ocean littoral has gained considerable traction in India. The story on the ground is a little more nuanced.
At this juncture, China has focused on gaining access to “pit-stops” all across the Indian Ocean littoral that will allow its navy to conduct “far sea operations”. Since the end of 2008, the Chinese navy has been conducting counter-piracy missions in the Gulf of Aden. Chinese naval squadrons continued…

California mosque hit by severalgunshotsOfficers determined that several shots struck the Islamic Society of Coachella Valley building. (Image source: http://www.cvmosque.com/)
By: Associated Press | Coachella | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:50 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 12:51 am
Southern California authorities say a mosque in the desert city of Coachella was struck by gunfire.
The Riverside County Sheriff’s Department says a report of shots fired was received at 5:01 am Tuesday and responding officers determined that several shots struck the Islamic Society of Coachella Valley building and a vehicle. No injuries were reported, however.
A Sheriff’s Department statement says the incident is being investigated as a possible hate crime.
A regional office of the Council on American-Islamic Relations has issued a statement calling for an FBI investigation.
Coachella is southeast of Palm Springs.

The hidden costs of freecareClearly, poverty exacerbates disease, particularly those like TB.
Posted: November 5, 2014 12:48 am
By Nalini Krishnan and Chapal Mehra
An oft-repeated fact about healthcare services provided by the public sector in India is that they are “free”. This leads to the belief that free diagnosis and treatment eventually mean little or no spending on health by the poor and, consequently, this drastically reduces health-related expenses for them.
Hence, many policymakers argue that to improve the health of the poor, the focus should be on strengthening and broadening services in the public sector. In reality, however, this is not the complete truth.
For the poor, accessing free care comes at a significant cost. To access care in the public sector, the quality of which is often inconsistent, the poor not only have to incur costs but also suffer a loss in income. The cost of waiting at a public health facility that does not have operating hours convenient to working patients is the loss of that day’s wage. In addition, a large population waiting to access free care ensures long waiting times, causing missed work days and consequent loss in income.
The alternative is to access the private sector. It is well known that the poor incur considerable costs towards outpatient care, deepening the burden in case of chronic illnesses and pushing households below the poverty line. Health-seeking behaviour skewed towards the private sector is born of necessity rather than choice, as patients need to access the most convenient point of care, which invariably is not the “free services’’ offered by the public healthcare system.
Take the case of an infectious disease like tuberculosis (TB). After a patient is diagnosed in the public sector where services are ostensibly free, the patient often needs to travel to access treatment. The need to access treatment regularly is critical, otherwise it can lead to a worsening of the disease, or worse, drug resistance and a more dangerous form of TB. For this, patients must incur transportation costs and several other expenses, such as costs to treat side effects and other ancillary tests and procedures not accessible at the level of primary care. The regimen to be followed for six months often demands rest, hence employment must wait. Patients also require appropriate nutrition. Therefore, expenses on food increase and others within the household must give up either their share of food or add to the household costs.
A recent study in Peru — “Catastrophic costs and comparing their importance for adverse tuberculosis outcome with multi-drug resistance: a prospective cohort study, Peru” by Tom Wingfield, et al (PLOS Medicine, July 15) — has illustrated the hidden costs of free care in the case of TB. This study has significant implications for high-burden countries like India, where the poorest bear the inordinate burden of this disease. It shows that, despite TB care being free, contracting TB was itself expensive for impoverished patients. The study shows that the poor continued…

http://usat.ly/1uryOeUFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Kevin Spacey answers 'Call of Duty'
Actor Kevin Spacey (House of Cards) provided his likeness, voice and body movements for the character of Jonathan Irons in the video game 'Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.'
Post to Facebook
Kevin Spacey answers 'Call of Duty' Actor Kevin Spacey (House of Cards) provided his likeness, voice and body movements for the character of Jonathan Irons in the video game 'Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.' Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tL9cIf
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Kevin Spacey answers 'Call of Duty'
Mike Snider , USA TODAY 1:11 p.m. EDT November 1, 2014
Kevin Spacey provided his likeness, movements and voice for the character Jonathan Irons in the video game "Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare."
(Photo: Activision)
118 CONNECT 58 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The developers of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare wanted Kevin Spacey to channel House of Card's diabolical leading man Frank Underwood in his acting session for the new game, out Monday.
Instead, Spacey delivered a performance even more evil than Underwood for the protagonist, Jonathan Irons.
The CEO of a global private military firm, Irons becomes unhinged and goes "off the hook," Spacey, 55, says.
When the game makers at Sledgehammer Games approached Spacey, he says, he liked that Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare would explore the potential dark side of private military corporations. As for Irons, he adds, "I thought it was a character I could really sink my teeth into."
Battle fatigue could slow the advance of 'Call of Duty'
Compared to a film, for which Spacey usually sees a completed script, the actor signed on for Call of Duty when the game's premise was just an idea. "It was a leap of faith," he says, "because they were going to have me help them develop it as it went along."
One of his suggestions led to a pivotal scene in which Irons speaks to the United Nations.
Also new to the actor was the process of capturing his face with high-res cameras and performing in a studio where his movements were recorded for the computer-generated Irons. Wearing a black jumpsuit with "dots all over my face and tags all over my body," Spacey says, he delivered dialogue on an empty soundstage with modest generic props.
Actor Kevin Spacey at Giant Studios in Manhattan Beach, Calif., for a performance capture session. He provided his likeness, movements and voice for the character Jonathan Irons in the video game 'Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.'
(Photo: Activision)
Then, he would go to the monitor and see a generic version of himself in action in the game's software.
"I'm in there standing in a helicopter, I would say my lines and walk off and get into a jeep, and it drives away," he says.  "It's remarkable. It makes me wonder if someday down the line … will I actually be able to act with Spencer Tracy?"
Spacey's House of Cards character is a video-game player. Spacey himself is not, but has since played some of the new Call of Duty game "to see it and see what it does," he says.
Sledgehammer envisioned Spacey in the role prior to the success of House of Cards. His gravitas elevates the game's story, says studio co-founder and Head of Development Michael Condrey.
"He steps on stage and performs as Jonathan Irons with the power and emotion only he can bring," says Condrey. "I think he has really brought something compelling and new to the narrative of Call of Duty."
118 CONNECT 58 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tL9cIf
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Ukraine supports peace  but ready for war: PoroshenkoUkraine supports peace  but ready for war: Poroshenko
UK splits with rest of EU on web privacyDivide opens up over internet privacy between UK and rest of Europe
Kiran Stacey in London, Christian Oliver in Brussels and Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2a75ff0-6431-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi meets Secretaries  sets tone for next budgetNew Delhi, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 09:42 IST
Modi meets Secretaries, sets tone for next budget
Puja Mehra
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the launch of 'BJP's Sadasyata Abhiyaan' at BJP HQ in New Delhi on Saturday. Photo: Shanker Chakravarty
TOPICS
budgets and budgeting
Mr. Modi encouraged the Secretary-rank officials to come up with new ideas for the forthcoming Union Budget
Three months ahead of the presentation of the Union Budget, Prime Minister Narendra Modi called upon senior bureaucrats on Saturday to build upon the “momentum” and “positive atmosphere” generated in the first five months of the new government by shifting the emphasis of governance to measurable outcomes.
At an informal interaction over high tea at his residence, Mr. Modi encouraged the Secretary-rank officials to come up with new ideas and proposals for the forthcoming Union Budget to be presented in February next year based on the suggestions being received on the MyGov platform, according to an official release.
“Good things are starting to happen …We are one team. Let us bring openness in governance, come closer and work together,” the Prime Minister told the officials assuring them of zero political interference and asking them to work fearlessly in the interest of the nation.
New spending rules the Finance Ministry introduced a few weeks ago aim to address the issue of quality of government spending through the stipulation that all schemes and programmes be monitored and evaluated in terms of “measurably defined” outcomes, an improvement over the outcomes policy of the Manmohan Singh government.
The Prime Minister’s endorsement of outcomes-oriented spending is expected to begin to reflect in all new schemes and projects.
He suggested that all Secretaries visit the place of their first posting to get new insights.

Mobile-payment app Dash expands to Chicago-area restaurantsCash, credit or smartphone? Apple has promised that its Apple Pay service can revolutionize the way we shop, replacing the normal credit card swipe with a tap of the phone and a fingerprint scan. But we wanted to see if Apple Pay would work as promised by using it in a tough real-life... ( Hayley Tsukayama, The Washington Post )
The payments pass through PayPal for now, but McGregor said customers also will be able to use Apple Pay through an app update he expects to release in two weeks.
Quay, Two, Kuma’s Too and Monk’s Pub are among various Chicago-area restaurants that have implemented or plan to soon implement the system.
Chicago is Dash’s first expansion market. McGregor said the company has rented space in 1871 and plans to hire its first full-time staffer here within two months. That person will focus on sales and supporting existing merchants, he said.
McGregor said the company’s sales model allows Dash’s 22-person team to operate mostly from New York.
“There’s a lot of pressure to go to the West Coast, just being a tech company,” McGregor said. “For us, a lot of the team had spent time in Chicago and felt it would be a great market for Dash.”
He cited the strong local technology community, food scene and relative proximity to New York as more reasons the company expanded to Chicago first. Next year, he wants to expand the app to Washington D.C., Los Angeles, San Francisco, Las Vegas and Miami.
Dash isn’t the first app to give customers a mobile payment option. TabbedOut, based in Austin, Texas, offers self-checkout service in locations across the U.S. New York-based Cover focuses on higher-end restaurants in the New York and San Francisco areas. Unlike Dash, Cover does not provide users itemized bills that update in real time.
OpenTable this year introduced in-app payments, now available in New York, San Francisco and Washington D.C. The service will be live in more than 20 markets, including Chicago, by year’s end, an OpenTable spokeswoman said.

Capital: Sheila Talton  Gray Matter AnalyticsCapital: Sheila Talton, Gray Matter Analytics
Capital: Sheila Talton, Gray Matter Analytics
Sheila Talton, CEO of Gray Matter Analytics, on raising capital vs. growing the business.
Sheila Talton, CEO of Gray Matter Analytics, on raising capital vs. growing the business.

Getting your fair share of founder equityGetting your fair share of founder equity
Founder equity
iStock/ Getty Images
Dividing equity equally is an easy, quick solution, but it can also be a very expensive mistake.
Dividing equity equally is an easy, quick solution, but it can also be a very expensive mistake. (iStock/ Getty Images)
By Leigh Buchanan, Inc.com
'A static split sets you up for disaster.'
Jim Triandiflou grappled with the concept of fairness 15 years ago, while he and his partners were deciding how to split the equity for his first business, Atlanta-based Ockham Technologies, a sales management  software developer . “There were three of us,” Triandiflou recalls. “I had part of the idea, and I was putting in sweat equity and cash. A second guy was putting in sweat equity and cash but wasn't part of the original idea. And a third guy was part of the idea and put in cash but no sweat  equity .” In this situation, says Triandiflou, “fair is an extremely subjective word.”
8
How to split equity is one of the most important decisions a founding team will make. Noam Wasserman, a Harvard Business School professor who has spent 15 years studying high-stakes decisions at more than 6,000 startups, says entrepreneurs too often split equity with what he calls a “quick handshake.” Nearly 40 percent of startup teams spend a day or less hammering out an agreement, he says. A large subset of those go the even-steven route. An even split may be the best answer, but if you land there by default rather than after a thorough discussion of expectations and contributions, your team will probably suffer.
0
Wasserman found that unhappiness within teams almost triples when founders split equity equally by default. He estimates that founders who deserve more equity — because they had the original idea, have more relevant experience, or will take a larger role in the company — leave about 25 percent on the table when they agree to an even split, which amounts to an average of about $450,000 in the first round of institutional financing. Here's how to divide equity without sowing division.
Consider contributions
There is no right way to divide equity. But Wasserman's research shows that founders who had the idea for the company get around 10 to 15 more percentage points of equity than co-founders. Founders who have led other startups generally get 7 to 9 extra points, and the one who becomes CEO gets from 14 to 20 extra points.
Ideally, you should allow for unexpected contingencies such as changes in the business model or founders switching roles. If/then planning and vesting schedules are two ways to keep things flexible. “A static split sets you up for disaster,” says Wasserman.
Triandiflou and his partners split their equity roughly 45-30-25 and built in a trigger that would allow two of the founders to buy back stock from the third.
Time it right
Companies that split in their first month with little discussion are more likely to split evenly, says Wasserman. Often, these founders are too optimistic, lack information to make another choice, or want to avoid a contentious issue. These companies often take a valuation hit when they go for funding. Investors who believe a simple split does a poor job of appropriately rewarding founders may reduce their investment or insist that the agreement be reworked. A quick, even split “suggests that the founders don't have the business maturity to have a tough dialogue,” says Wasserman. But founders who wait too long can create internal tension, and individuals may try to maximize their own value at the expense of the company's interests.
Wasserman says the best time to split varies. In fast-changing industries, founders should establish principles they'll use to draft an equity arrangement, but split only when larger uncertainties are resolved. In more stable industries, splitting in the first few months is a good idea. When you negotiate an equity split with co-founders, be clear, logical, and respectful. If you're lucky, the equity split will be just the first of many tough decisions you'll make together.

Motorola Solutions 3Q profit falls 52 percentRevenue declined 5 percent to $1.44 billion. Product sales declined 8 percent; services sales were down 1 percent.
Analysts had expected earnings of 41 cents per share on revenue of $1.39 billion, according to Yahoo.
Shares of Motorola traded at $66.83 at around 2 p.m., up $2.16 a share, or 3.3 percent.
"We are encouraged by third-quarter revenues and earnings as the business continues to show signs of improvement," Chief Executive Greg Brown said in a statement.
Brown said the quarter saw strong sales in Europe and Africa and improvement in North America. "Led by North America, and coupled with the healthy pipeline, we believe the North American market is beginning to recover," company executives said in a conference call. Motorola said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to decline 1-3 percent.
Motorola said it reduced operating expenses by $43 million in the third quarter and that it is ahead of its plan to cut operating costs by $300 million by the end of 2015. It said it expects to save more than $200 million this year.
As part of its efforts to focus on "mission critical communications and public safety," Motorola completed the sale in October of its enterprise unit for $3.45 billion to Zebra Technologies.
Motorola said it raised its share repurchase program by $5 billion to $5.6 billion. In total, the company said it has authorized $12 billion for share repurchases since 2011 and has reduced its net share count by 30 percent.
In September, Motorola announced the purchase of a $3.1 billion group annuity from Prudential Insurance that halved its pension liability to $4.2 billion. The company said it doesn't expect to make any U.S. pension plan cash contributions for five to six years. Prudential is responsible for payments and administration of the pensions of 30,000 of former Motorola employees. Motorola is responsible for the pensions of up to 40,000 current and former workers.

Hong Kong gruesome murder accused loved Game of ThronesHK gruesome murder accused loved Game of Thrones
AFP
Hong Kong, November 04, 2014
First Published: 19:38 IST(4/11/2014)
print
The British banker accused of the gruesome murder of two Indonesian women in Hong Kong says he is a fan of one of TV's most bloodthirsty dramas - but also broke down in tears at the heartwarming 'Lego Movie'.
Securities trader Rurik Jutting, who until recently worked at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, has been charged with killing the young women, both in their 20s.
Their mutilated bodies were discovered when he called police to his upmarket apartment on Saturday.
High-flying Cambridge graduate Jutting, 29, was an avid watcher of hugely successful and extremely violent US drama "Game of Thrones".
But it was the animated tale of Lego construction worker Emmet Brickowski that moved him to tears, according to Facebook comments seen by a friend and relayed to AFP.
This undated photo reproduced with permission on November 4, 2014 by the family of Indonesia woman Sumarti Ningsih in the Indonesian town of Cilacap shows their daughter Sumarti posing for a photo. AFP photo
"11.52 away from end of Lego Movie am a sobbing, soppy wreck..." Jutting posted on his Facebook feed in July, locating him in Hong Kong's busy commercial district of Causeway Bay.
"11.03 away... Aw no, need to man up..." the post continued.
The film, with an all-star voice cast including Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman, sees Emmet trying to save the universe from an evil tyrant.
Jutting also praised the series four finale of "Game of Thrones", in which a character called The Hound begs young heroine Arya to put him out of his misery as he lay dying.
"(iv) best scene of the season... 'do I have to beg you... kill me, kill me'", he posted on Facebook in June.
Jutting was a pupil at the exclusive English boarding school Winchester College before studying history and law at Cambridge University. Former classmates say he excelled academically and in sport, although he was "socially awkward".
His Facebook page also showed that he had recently visited Hong Kong's mass pro-democracy rallies.
This undated photo reproduced with permission on November 4, 2014 by the family of Indonesia woman Sumarti Ningsih shows Sumarti (L) sitting on a bar with an unidentified friend at a Hong Kong bar. (AFP photo)
But a post last Monday indicated a possible change in his life.
"Stepping down from the ledge. Burden lifted; new journey begins. Scared and anxious but also excited. The first step is always the hardest," it said.
Jutting was charged on Monday with the double murder after police found a naked woman with knife wounds to her neck and buttocks in the living room of his flat.
The corpse of another woman was discovered decaying inside a suitcase on the balcony.

Revolutionizing the Way Power Works in Organizationsreddit
Whether an organization is effective or not is all about power. Effective organizations are powerful players with the wherewithal to shape the world when they can and to quickly adapt when they can't. Ineffective organizations are those that are powerless in the face of difficult or challenging circumstances.  If you want to be the leader, of an effective organization, you need to be highly skillful in the use of power.
Unfortunately, power generally has a bad reputation. While social scientists define power, achievement, and affiliation as the three fundamental orientations in human social relationships, most of us are much more comfortable with calling ourselves achievement-oriented or affiliation-oriented than we are with owning up to being power-oriented. If someone strives to be successful at an art or a craft, we think of her as wanting to be accomplished. If a person is good at making friends, we call him popular. But if people are driven by a need to be continually in charge of things, we often describe them as power hungry. Most of us tend to think of power in a negative light. That's because most of our experiences with power are inside hierarchical organizations where power is equated with control.
The notion of power is actually neutral; it is neither good nor bad. Whether we experience power as positive or negative often reflects the quality of our relationships. That's because power is always interpersonal and only exists within the context of relationships. In hierarchical organizations, power is generally ascribed by position, with those few in higher positions having more authority than the many in the lower ranks. Thus, most of us perceive the exercise of authority as about being in charge and having power over people.
The technology revolution, however, is radically reshaping the ways power is exercised, especially in large organizations. The late psychologist Abraham Maslow observed that the most effective leaders invest in power with rather than power over people. Our early experiences with online collaborations are demonstrating that Maslow's observation holds true for organizations as well. Wikipedia, Craigslist, Linux, eBay, and Google are not interested in exerting control or having power over people. These 21st century businesses understand that, in today's fast-paced world, the best companies are those who build platforms to share power with people. By building networked structures to aggregate and leverage the collective intelligence of the many, these mass collaboration enterprises are able to redefine whole industries and easily outperform their traditional counterparts.
The leaders of these innovative enterprises understand that power with people is much more effective than power over people, especially when organizations have to manage at speed of change to remain competitive in a hyper-connected world. They also understand that, in a post-digital world, the basis for power for effective leadership is rapidly shifting from "being in charge" to "being connected." Executive power no longer comes from dominating the thinking or directing the work of others; it now comes from integrating the best of everyone's ideas and leveraging platforms of mass collaboration. In contrast to traditional hierarchies, which limit the interpersonal influence of the many through the ascription of authority, the power structures of digital age companies amplify the opportunities for the development of relationships across all the people within an organizational network. The more connections there are, the quicker a business can access and leverage its collective intelligence.
In our hyper-connected world, power does not come from amassing control, but rather from co-creating a shared understanding. When co-creation rather than control is the fundamental way things get done, being in charge is meaningless because an effective shared understanding can never be mandated. Shared understanding is something that has to be facilitated and created by consensus.
The most significant leadership challenge for today's corps of business leaders is making the shift in the way they approach power. If they continue to insist that power is a function of being in charge, they are likely to fall victims to the consequences of a world that is changing much faster than their organizations. If they can accept that power in a hyper-connected world is a function of being connected, both they and their organizations will become highly skilled in the exercise of power in a rapidly changing world. That's because when you have the capacity to leverage your organization's collective intelligence, nobody is smarter or faster than everybody.
Rod Collins is the Director of Innovation at Optimity Advisors and the author of Wiki Management: A Revolutionary New Model for a Rapidly Changing and Collaborative World (AMACOM Books, 2014). You can follow with Rod on Twitter: @collinsrod.
Follow Great Work Cultures on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GWCLeadLink
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

US-China ties will help shape 21st century: ...Ties between the world's top two economies will "do much to determine the shape of the 21st century," Kerry said, before key meetings in China.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The relationship between the United States and China is the "most consequential" in the world today, US Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday before a high-profile trip that includes a stop in Beijing.
Ties between the world's top two economies will "do much to determine the shape of the 21st century," Kerry said, before key meetings in China preparing the way for a visit next week by US President Barack Obama .
Kerry was due to leave later Tuesday on his latest diplomatic whirlwind. He is scheduled to arrive first in Paris for meetings with French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius.
He will then fly to Beijing for a meeting of Asia-Pacific foreign ministers, ahead of an APEC leaders' summit next week.
Because US-China ties are so important, "that means we have to get it right," Kerry told an audience at the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies in Washington.
He added the relationship had to be "carefully managed." The two countries, which make up one-third of the global economy and a quarter of the world's population, need to ensure that they do not just "co-exist but that we also cooperate," Kerry said.
The top US diplomat outlined four specific goals for the Obama administration's so-called "rebalance" towards Asia.
They include creating sustainable economic growth, including finalizing an ambitious trade pact called the Trans-Pacific Partnership to encompass 40 percent of the global economy stretching across 12 nations.
With China and the United States being the world's two biggest polluters, the US also aims to power a clean energy shift to address climate change.
Through promoting regional cooperation , the US hopes to reduce regional tensions and help empower people throughout the Asia-Pacific region to live in dignity and security, Kerry said.

The Panic Attack That Saved My Businessreddit
There I was, stopped at the intersection outside my office's parking lot. I had been at this very spot hundreds of times before, but this time, my body shut down. I couldn't breathe, my heart raced, the walls of the car were closing in on me, and I couldn't move a muscle. I truly, honestly felt that I might die.
After a minute (that felt more like an hour), I finally managed to pull the car over. Panting for air, soaked with sweat and tears, I called my husband and cried for help.
This wasn't the first time my body had failed me. Several years ago, I broke my nose and ribs after collapsing in the bathroom. My ten year-old daughter heard a thump and rushed in to find me lying on the floor. I really didn't know what to tell her when she asked what happened. After countless medical tests, the diagnosis was a single word: exhaustion.
The easy answer is to blame work stress for both incidents. Yes, when I pulled out of the parking lot that day, I had just been told that my company - the business that I had put everything into for the past six years - was on a collision course with failure. Our topline growth numbers were phenomenal, but we were also hemorrhaging cash and things needed to change fast if there was any hope of saving the business.
I thought about my employees. I thought about my kids and their future. I was baffled about the fact that I had already launched and sold a successful business in the exact same industry years before - why was it so much harder the second time around? Embarrassed didn't begin to describe the shame I felt. I didn't want to let my husband down. I was mortified at what my colleagues, competitors, neighbors, and anyone else would think.
The old me would have said I just needed to buckle down...if I worked a little harder, put in a few more hours, I could turn the ship around. But with that panic attack at the intersection, I realized that I had been putting both my business and my well-being on an unsustainable course and it was time to pull over and re-evaluate.
In terms of the business, my husband and I brought the spending under control by rethinking the business strategy. We couldn't match Legal Zoom's massive ad budget, so we would stop trying. We dropped the bulk of our online advertising, and put the focus on customer service and our existing customer base.
Understanding how to change the business was relatively straightforward. The numbers told the story: we were spending too much and needed to reign in our costs. However, figuring out the changes I need to make in my own life is more complex. It's an important journey that I want to share because I see so many of my own hurdles and milestones in the paths of others.
It has been nearly seven months since my initial panic attack at that intersection. I couldn't drive anywhere for three months (which is particularly challenging when you have four kids who have grown accustomed to your chauffeur skills).
I have been seeing a therapist to learn how to manage and handle the anxiety when driving. For example, when the panic creeps in, I tell myself ...Stop, you are not having a panic attack! You're okay...You're not having a panic attack. I then turn on the air conditioning, switch the radio station, drink some water, or make any other kind of change to the external environment to divert my focus.
After realizing the link between my stress, exhaustion, and panic attacks, I have adopted simple daily rituals, like fitness classes at my nearby gym (ballet barre...my favorite), warm hot baths, aromatherapy, green tea, and meditation to help relax and replenish. These are all gentle reminders that every day is worth my full attention and presence.
Beyond the rituals, I'm trying to be more mindful of how I spend my time, opting for quality over quantity. The truth is, great results don't always come from long hours. I'm now in the office from 8 to 3, and reachable via email/phone for a few hours beyond that. But once the clock hits five or six, I'm a mommy and a wife. I'm done trying to multitask, putting on the charade that I can do everything all at once, while shortchanging myself.
It's a difficult transition to make. The digital age combined with ego creates a trumped-up sense of urgency. I'm still learning that not every email, text, or voicemail requires my immediate response. The world won't stop turning if I don't check my email or Twitter feed at night. And my employees can do a lot of great things when I get out of the way.
I still work at night sometimes, but it's on my own terms, based on inspiration not obligation. One of the biggest revelations in my journey so far has been discovering how many of my actions have been driven either by the fear of letting others down or the fear of being seen as anything other than the perfect entrepreneur, CEO, mother, and wife.
I have come to realize how much of my stress is rooted in what others think, and to what extent shame has been running my life, both at home and in the office.
In today's "fake it until you make it" business culture, it is liberating to admit that my company is having its fair share of ups and downs. No matter how easy things may have been with our first business, everything is much tougher this time around. By letting go of the illusion of perfection, I'm making smarter decisions for my business. My actions aren't driven by shame or fear. Things are back on my terms...and I'm excited to see where it will take me.
Over the coming months, I'll be sharing my experiences as an entrepreneur and mother, including my struggles, discoveries, and milestones. I'd love to hear your stories as well.
Follow Nellie Akalp on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CorpNetNellie
More:

Amid Levantine Quagmires  Business Not Quite As Usualreddit
On Thursday, October 30, the Council on Foreign Relations hosted an Israel-US Business Forum at its vaunted estate in the Upper East Side, filled during a long afternoon with dozens of participants across several industries between the countries. Gideon Rose, the editor-in-chief of Foreign Affairs, introduced the opening plenary with perhaps a Freudian slip by announcing, "One of the great things that the early 19th century classical liberals understood and has proved to be true is that economic engagement and capitalist development is a good thing not just for individuals and countries, but for peace and prosperity, and it's zero-sum -- it's a positive-sum game, not a zero-sum game." And although the diplomatic relationship between the United States and Israel is "at one of its low points," Rose added, "the fact that Israel is such a thriving and dynamic economy" working "in tandem" with the US means business ties are strong.
Joshua Kram, the director of Turkey and Middle East Affairs at the US Chamber of Commerce, referenced the recent Atlantic article Jeffrey Goldberg wrote right away: "I think it's an amazing thing that this establishment of foreign policy [the Council on Foreign Relations] is having a conference on US-Israel business. For a long time, US-Israel business and commercial relations has really been the underprofiled third leg of the US-Israel relationship." And if Goldberg is right about there being a "crisis" in US-Israel relations, Kram deadpanned, "We're all in trouble," at which point laughter broke out: "As if tomorrow the relationship is done and we're wasting our time. And this is the ongoing saga on the political level between our two countries. But I'm delighted that we're here to talk about something besides what the White House called the prime minister or didn't call the prime minister."
Politics aside, more than two hundred "multinational companies have R&D facilities in Israel. Forty-two of the 50 leading technology companies have centers in Israel," including Intel and Hewlett-Packard. "More start-ups per capita than anywhere else in the world," Kram declared. "More venture capital going into Israel than all of Europe combined. More companies on Nasdaq than anywhere besides the United States and China. It's a hotbed of innovation. How many of you have read Start-Up Nation ?" he asked. A handful of hands shot up.
"Which was produced as a Council on Foreign Relations book!" Rose exclaimed. "If you haven't read the book" -- co-authored by former Bush administration official Dan Senor in 2009 -- "it's a fantastic primer that looks at the secret sauce of how Israel has been able to become this entrepreneurial giant." Kram went on to say that the US Chamber of Commerce is so deeply involved in Israel "not because the Chamber is a Zionist organization, but because the Chamber represents business and business is interested in Israel. And I think that link to the United States has been a critical driving factor for the growth of the start-up nation." What he left unmentioned is that Washington gives three billion dollars annually in military aid, and that the Israeli military and its innovative high-tech sector are tightly linked. "Israel's success is even more remarkable given what's not going in its favor. You know, I think within Israel there are huge gaps in its economy and huge gaps in terms of economic progress with various sub-sectors of the economy," citing the ultra-Orthodox as an example. "The Middle East, if you've read the newspaper today, is a mess! Right? ISIS, Syria, Hizballah, war in Gaza, it's a huge mess. Israel is in a neighborhood that is incredibly fragmented, politically, economically, and otherwise." Kram added that he wants to "leverage" the technological innovation in Israel "to pursue regional integration."
Adam Shwartz works at the Technion-Cornell Innovation Institute and was an IAF pilot. "We are trying to do something as out of the box as possible," Shwartz said. Referring again to Start-Up Nation , he approvingly observed that one of its arguments is "Israelis have a resistance to structure and to authority." A facet of Israeli culture, Shwartz noted, "is getting things done and forget what the regulations say." Kram asked Idit Harel, the other panelist, if that's the case. Harel, CEO and founder of Globaloria , was raised by "parents in Holocaust-surviving families, they were educators." In other words, Harel said, she grew up in a start-up. "After serving in the army and doing my undergraduate work at Tel Aviv University, I also came [to the US] to study, like Adam, and do a Master's degree at Harvard in education" and found herself in another "start-up environment, in academia," as the PC revolution took off. Harel's mission was to "use technology as a tool and not just as an information system." She now works with schools in distressed communities across the States. "Everything we do is scalable," Harel added.
Her optimism seemed infectious. Yet the matter of scale came up repeatedly throughout the forum. As Harel pointed out, there are roughly 55 million students in the US and about 1.5 million in Israel, who both face the same problem of failing to "engage" the youth with interesting material. Neither country is "preparing our kids equally, in the same way," Harel said. "There are pockets of excellence, innovation, beautiful projects, but 'start-up nation' is not there yet." Kram, the representative of the US Chamber of Commerce, jumped back in, declaiming that "the mood music around Israel is not great." Shwartz, the director of the Technion-Cornell joint project, said that his country "has been under some sort of threat for the last hundred years," and that what now worries people is "not the external threats but the internal threats," such as the problem of inequalities among social groups which is rivaled only by the US.
The issue is there is too much innovation going on in Israel nowadays that it is difficult to scale it, Harel commented, plus the fact that "we do have certain zipcodes, certain geographies and certain populations in Israel that maybe are being funded $100 per student per year rather than $1,100 per student per year. It's documented. We have in Israel four school systems": the secular public track, "the religious public, and then there is the Haredi sector and the Arab sector. Arabs, I think, are eighteen percent of our population. And you can find the same kind of school systems in the United States," Harel said. Imagine what is possible "if we network everyone -- everyone, everyone -- and we give opportunities for everyone."
Children learning STEM, a recent acronym for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics, will apply the start-up mentality to revolutionize education by making games and other apps. As far as issues with non-Jewish citizens of the Jewish state, "The percentage of Arab students at the Technion, the leading technology institution in Israel, is twenty percent," Shwartz said. "It's higher than their percentage of the population." He hopes that the Technion in partnership with Cornell will become "a catalyst" for widespread social change. "There is talent everywhere," Harel declaimed, her eyes opened wide. Change the environment, as Buckminster Fuller said, and there's suddenly genius. Both Israelis and Americans, Harel said later on, "are part of that change mindset, that growth mindset, that innovation mindset."
An Israeli in the audience brought up the elephant in the room: BDS, the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement. "Some people see it as pushing Israel towards a peace process, others see it as hindering peace," as she described it. Yet this question was entirely deflected by Shwartz and Harel, who suggested that people around the Eastern Mediterranean "can learn physics and create apps for social change." Cooperative projects are already happening, but people are not yet networked together.
David Bratslavsky works with private investors who are doing business in the Holy Land. "Politics and economics overlap, and in many respects they don't," he said, "in the sense that business and investment is a cold-hearted decision based on the opportunities at hand, and investors continue to find opportunities to invest in Israel." Bratslavsky thinks the most exciting opportunity right now is cybersecurity: "With each break-in to a major global bank, companies big and small are looking for solutions. Israel has a wealth of experience in that industry and the solutions they're coming up with are really leading edge."
In the breakout session on water and food security, Seth Siegel, a bespectacled figure expounded at length about the wonders of the Israeli water system. But at the outset he conceded he came late to the game. "I didn't know there's a global water crisis coming," Siegel said, and became very impressed with what the Israelis are doing about their water situation. In the 1930s, during the pre-state period, he said, the Zionist pioneers had to devise a way to make sure everyone had enough water, a particularly acute problem because Palestine was a desert.
"Scarcity is an intensifier of conflict," said Albert Cho, who moderated the session. Cho, a former State Department fellow, currently works for Xylem, Inc. , a global water management firm. "By helping address scarcity of vital resources like water, and the other resources that depend on it like agriculture, food, and energy, we can remove some of that intensification in conflict and create some of the conditions for more cooperation and peace." One key theme throughout was desalinization is going to free up so much water that it will be an "economic input," to quote Siegel. Cho believes that wastewater will be a growing boon to all humanity as the technology needed to tap "this unmined natural asset" keeps accelerating.
Richard Penn, a lawyer with Greenberg Traurig LLP , which has a Tel Aviv office, thinks people are seeing the world "through rose-colored glasses." Penn refers to the historical sweep: "Throughout the centuries, it is difficult to be hopeful. Technologically, things will improve tremendously, but it is how that technological advance will be used. Oftentimes it's simply used to make better weapons." He mused that the surrounding countries "might be jealous" of Israel's technological superiority. "It enhances the hatred," Penn said. Aomar Benslimane, an independent consultant, is confident that boosting business relations between Israel and the United States will "foster a diplomatic process." Benslimane added that the promise of scalable initiatives will "help the conflict." Israel is now "one of the best flourishing democracies in the Middle East," he said. If only the business people took over from the politicians, Benslimane added.
Mark Lambert is the CEO of the American division of IDE Technologies , an Israeli-based water firm. Lambert serves as their gruff, down-to-earth Iowa-born water man, logging long hours on flights around the world. Israel, for him, "is the most fascinating place on the planet, because you have, in this small little community, the subject of conflict elsewhere, all peacefully exists in this little city called Jerusalem," he said with a chuckle. "I don't want the diplomats involved," Lambert said. "What they'll do is they'll create some policy initiative and then it will take years to get it done, and what we do at the ground level is just get it done." After all, he said, "there's no boundaries in industry."
Follow Alex Cacioppo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lexiconstable
More:

To Stop Our Millennials From Becoming a Lost Generation  We Need to Listen to What They re Sayingreddit
Millennials have been the hardest hit by the global recession, yet the members of this ambitious generation remain optimistic about their future and the future of their countries. Deeply committed to education, staunch believers in social responsibility and convinced that technology has improved and can continue to improve their lives, these digital natives have clear ideas on how to change the world for the better, starting with the role technology can play. Unfortunately, our societies may be denying the 2.5 billion Millennials (roughly a third of our worldwide community) their chance to capitalize on the opportunities arising from the digital age. If we cannot correct the alarming levels of unemployment and underemployment, these dynamic young people could be lost.
According to the International Labour Organization (ILO), young people continue to be particularly affected by the uneven economic recovery. At the start of 2014, global youth unemployment had risen above 13 percent; almost three times as high as the adult rate. Even more disturbing, the World Economic Forum reports that more than six million Millennials have given up looking for work entirely. The ILO has also designated a subgroup, known as NEET, who are neither employed nor in education or training. In certain countries, almost one quarter of 15-to-29 year-olds are classified as NEET.
To reverse these alarming trends, we need to understand the members of this generation better, in particular, their views on the obstacles they face, how things should change and the roles they hope to play. Greater insight into the issues this generation says it faces will help NGOs, governments and the private sector find innovative ways to train, hire and fully deploy an essential portion of our population, one that is especially important for our future.
To help gain this insight, Telefónica has conducted global millennial surveys over the past two years. The most recent one, released last month, polled more than 6,700 18-to-30 year-olds in 18 countries -- with special focus on Latin America, the United States and Western Europe - on their aspirations, their relationship with technology and their views on the world. The results reveal a focus on job and career: 43 percent identify a stable, well-paying job as the accomplishment most important to them in the next ten years, ranked well above getting married, owning a home or having children.
Seventy-one percent indicate a willingness to seek employment abroad, with 50 percent of Latin Americans citing a better paying job as the chief benefit of making the move. Based on my own experience, living in another culture can be enriching, but if young people feel obligated to relocate to earn more money or find employment, their countries are not providing enough opportunity for them at home.
Millennials see traditional hierarchies becoming obsolete and embrace technology as a powerful means of removing barriers between people and possibilities. A full 83 percent of respondents describe themselves as being on the cutting-edge of technology and consider a digital skillset an asset to their careers. Their ubiquitous use of mobile technology is about more than entertainment: It is transforming the way they work, learn, access information and express their opinions -- and, in their views, how they open opportunity.
Their views about technology are especially clear when it comes to education. Forty-two percent say the education system is a barrier to domestic growth in their countries. They strongly want their governments to focus on reforming curriculum, improving teaching, providing access to all and, importantly, enabling greater access to technology as a key element of a quality education.
Despite concerns about the quality and availability of education, 72 percent of respondents agree they have opportunities to become an entrepreneur in their own country. This is the kind of entrepreneurial spirit Millennials are telling businesses, governments and NGOs they want to see empowered. Telefónica's response to this has been a recently launched program called Open Future , to foster innovation among young people by generating employment and economic opportunities through startups and digital skills training.
To improve the circumstances and unlock the enormous potential the Millennials tell us they clearly see and are eager to tap, I encourage local, state and federal governments to examine their education systems and invest in quality training and jobs for young people. I ask educators to adjust their curriculums to eliminate any mismatch between the skills schools teach and the skills businesses need, which will better prepare graduates for what they say in large numbers they want most - a stable, well-paying job and the opportunity to help create even more jobs for others. And, I call on my fellow business leaders to develop effective public/private partnerships that put Millennials to work and help put their talent and enthusiasm to work for all of us.
If we fail to listen to this promising generation, we may lose them. And we will have no one to blame but ourselves.
More:

Jos Mara lvarez-Pallete1
Entries by José María Álvarez-Pallete
To Stop Our Millennials From Becoming a Lost Generation, We Need to Listen to What They're Saying
(0) Comments | Posted November  4, 2014 | 10:26 AM
Millennials have been the hardest hit by the global recession, yet the members of this ambitious generation remain optimistic about their future and the future of their countries. Deeply committed to education, staunch believers in social responsibility and convinced that technology has improved and can continue to improve their lives,...
Let's Make Digital Skills the Fourth Literacy
(1) Comments | Posted June  5, 2013 | 5:59 PM
As millions of graduates begin the task of finding a job or settling into a career in an extremely tight market this summer, prospective employers will be looking more closely than ever at the skills, training and educational backgrounds these graduates bring to the table. Having a diploma is a...

Make in India meets Eastern pivotNEW DELHI, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 02:22 IST
‘Make in India’ meets Russia's ‘Eastern pivot’
Suhasini Haidar
international relations
Russian deputy PM set to discuss more nuclear, energy cooperation
The government’s “Make in India” programme and Russia’s “Eastern pivot” will meet as Russian Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin will discuss more cooperation on energy, the co-production of fighter aircraft and nuclear cooperation with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and National Security Adviser Ajit Doval.
During the day-long visit on Wednesday, Mr. Rogozin will chair the 20th commission (IRIGC-TEC) along with Ms. Swaraj, as well as draw up the plan for “deliverables” for President Vladimir Putin’s visit to Delhi, expected in December for the annual India-Russia summit. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is expected at the end of November as well. “Each of these fields, from defence production to nuclear and space programmes, are fields India is looking to Russia for closer cooperation, and so Mr. Rogozin’s visit is important,” an official source told The Hindu.

Resume trade through Attari borderResume trade through Attari border
Union cabinet recommends dissolution of Delhi assemblyUnion cabinet recommends dissolution of Delhi assembly
AAP wants Kejri vs Mukhi  BJP banks on Brand ModiComments
The BJP will fight the Delhi assembly elections without a chief ministerial face, banking instead on ‘Brand Modi’ for a repeat of the party’s winning performance in Maharashtra and Haryana.
However, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), seen as its main rival, said it would be a contest between its chief Arvind Kejriwal and Jagdish Mukhi, a Delhi BJP veteran earlier seen as a frontrunner for the CM’s chair.
The party positions became clearer Tuesday coinciding with the Union cabinet approving dissolution of the assembly and setting the ball rolling for the elections, likely to be held in February next year.
 
Lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung had recommended dissolving the House to the Centre after the BJP, Congress and AAP on Monday expressed inability to form government and sought a fresh mandate. It ended months of uncertainty that began with the Kejriwal government quitting on February 14 after just 49 days in power and President’s rule being imposed three days later.
The election commission recently announced bypolls to three assembly seats — necessitated by the BJP members being elected to the Lok Sabha in the summer — but this will now be cancelled. The panel will, instead, start preparations for the assembly polls.
 
The BJP — with 29 MLAs (including one from SAD) in the 67-member House —initially explored the possibility of forming a government with the support of ‘rebel’ MLAs from the Congress and AAP, sources said. It apparently backed off after none of its claimants for the CM’s post could get the support of six additional legislators — the number needed to reach the magic halfway mark.
 
Then came the victories in Maharashtra and Haryana, reinforcing the idea of a ‘Modi wave’ and infusing fresh confidence in the Delhi BJP. The party expects to do well in the next round of polls in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too, and feels the momentum will carry on to the Capital.
HT had reported Monday that the BJP would stick to its tried-and-tested formula of going faceless and relying on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“Our party believes in collective leadership and that is how we fought in Haryana and Maharashtra. We will get a clear majority this time too and afterwards, whoever the collective leadership decides will lead the state. Our focus is on winning the elections,” Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay told HT.
Sources also said there was no consensus yet on a CM candidate and in such circumstances, declaring one could affect the party’s prospects. In the last elections in December 2013, the BJP had declared Harsh Vardhan, now Union health minister, its CM candidate.
Contrary to the BJP’s position, AAP (with 28 MLAs) is clear about its choice — Kejriwal — and insists it will be Mukhi on the other side. “He is the main BJP leader. Tell me a better name,” the former CM said Tuesday.
Asked if he was scared of Modi, he said, “Will he resign as PM and fight for the CM’s post? It’s Mukhi who will be the BJP’s choice in Delhi.”
“We are confident of winning at least 45 seats. We are confident the people of Delhi will bless us,” Kejriwal added.

Kolkata port on terror alert  navy moves out 2 warshipsKolkata port on high alert after terror threat
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Kolkata/ New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 19:57 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:44 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Security forces in Kolkata are on high alert following a central intelligence warning that the city’s port may be the target of an attack by militants posing as fishermen, home ministry officials told HT on Tuesday.
Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) headquarters in Delhi alerted top West Bengal and Kolkata police officials on Monday through an email, cautioning them of a possible attack on the port by Pakistani navy-backed terrorists.
 
The Indian navy moved two warships — INS Khukri and INS Sumitra — out of the port after receiving the alert and increased patrolling in the sea. The ships were supposed to be open to the public on Wednesday and Thursday.
 
The alert came after Pakistani security forces foiled an attempt by al-Qaeda militants to capture a Pakistani frigate at Karachi in September. The militants aimed to use the ship to attack Indian and American vessels in the Indian Ocean.
 
“We came to know about the alert from the CISF,” said deputy commissioner of police (port division) Imran Wahab. “We had a meeting late into the night and Indian navy officers were also present.”
Sources said security agencies intercepted conversations about targeting Indian naval assets at Kolkata and swung into action, in part, because of September’s Karachi attack.
“Marine patrolling at the India-Bangladesh sea border in the Bay of Bengal has been enhanced in view of the alert,” said commodore Ravi Ahluwalia. “We have electronic surveillance on seagoing vessels, especially the fishing trawlers plying in the region.”
According to the alert, terrorists are likely to enter Indian waters posing as fishermen and are backed by Pakistan marines, an elite marine commando unit of the Pakistani navy.
“Intelligence inputs were promptly shared with port authorities, navy, coast guard, Kolkata police and other counter terror agencies and they have been asked to remain on high alert,” a Union home ministry official said.
Security sources said al-Qaeda’s new wing for India and Pakistan may be responsible for Sunday’s suicide attack on the Pakistani side at the Wagah border that killed over 60 people, and militants might carry out similar attacks in India.

Orissa to make chit fund offencesnon-bailablePrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:22 am
To make the Orissa Protection of Interest of Depositors (in financial establishment) Act stringent, the Orissa government is planning to make the offences under it cognizable and non-bailable.
After the chit fund scam broke in 2011, the Naveen Patnaik government framed the Orissa Protection of Interest of Depositors Act, that turned into a law in August last year.
The government also announced a Rs 300 crore corpus fund called “Fund for protection of interest of depositors” from which compensation would be paid to the depositors.
The decision to make the offences under the Act non-bailable was taken last month at a meeting of officials of finance department, law department and state CID officials. The meeting was held to discuss the progress of the implementation of the Act and review the status of cases against 15 companies, including Saradha, Artha Tatwa and Seashore.
The government would also make it mandatory for all such firms to report their activities to the officer in charge of the local police station of their area in addition to the district collectors and superintendents of police.
Some of the rules in the Act would also be redrafted for inserting provisions for constitution of a committee under tehsildar to fix the offset price of chit fund companies’ attached properties.
During the meeting, it was revealed that CID officials have not submitted details of properties of Artha Tatwa in 24 Paraganas in Bengal to the Additional district magistrate of Cuttack, the competent authority under the Act for further action. In cases where the accused are absconding, notices would be served through newspaper.
For those accused who are currently in jail, the special public prosecutors would send notices through special messengers.

U.S. trade deficit widens by 7.6% to $43.0 billion in SeptemberU.S. trade deficit widens by 7.6% to $43.0 billion in September
India envoy meets fishermen on death row in SriLankaIndian High Commissioner Y K Sinha comes out of Welikada prison in Colombo, on Tuesday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:45 am
In an attempt to show New Delhi’s concern and support for the five Indian fishermen who have been sentenced to death by a Sri Lankan court, the Indian envoy to Sri Lanka Y K Sinha visited them in the jail on Tuesday. He assured them of the Indian government’s “unstinted support” to secure their release and repatriation.
Sinha, who visited the Welikada prison in Colombo Tuesday morning, met the five fishermen at the superintendent’s office where he handed over some clothes and toiletries and enquired about their welfare, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said. “He (Sinha) assured them of unstinted support and cooperation of government of India in ensuring that their case receives the utmost attention. He also assured them that they could write letters home, jail authorities will arrange for phone calls that the government will make all efforts to secure their early release and repatriation to India,” he said.
The five Indian fishermen — Emerson, P Augustus, R Wilson, K Prasath and J Langlet — all hailing from Tamil Nadu, were apprehended in 2011 and were sentenced to death by the Colombo High Court on October 30 for alleged drug trafficking.
The court verdict had led to protests in parts of Tamil Nadu and sporadic violence broke out in and around Rameswaram island as a large number of people staged protests against the Sri Lankan court’s verdict.
“The fishermen appeared in good health and requested for permission to write to their relatives in Tamil Nadu and also to make telephone calls. The prison authorities readily agreed and stated that they would arrange for telephone calls to be made by the prisoners to their relatives in a couple of days.
Meanwhile, they were free to write letters to their relatives,” the spokesperson added. The fishermen expressed their happiness at the High Commissioner personally coming to meet them and thanked him for this gesture.
Gadkari assures families of help
The families of the five fishermen met Union Minister Nitin Gadkari Tuesday and sought immediate steps by India to bring them back home. Gadkari assured them that the government would take necessary legal steps and take up their case in the court in Sri Lanka for their release. He also informed them that External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had instructed Indian High Commission in Sri Lanka to hold talks with officials concerned there to secure the fishermen’s release. (PTI)

Ailing Lalu set to get notice to vacatebungalowWritten by Vijaita Singh , Avishek G Dastidar | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:40 am
After former union minister Ajit Singh, it is now the turn of Lalu Prasad to vacate his posh official residence in Lutyens’ Delhi. The Urban Development Ministry is in the process of sending the ailing Lalu an eviction notice because his extended stay period in the 25, Tughlak Road bungalow expired on October 31.
The matter requires some hand-holding by the political bosses of the ministry because Lalu has cited his post-operation ill-health to seek another extension. His family has said that Lalu has been advised by doctors not to move.
The UPA government had extended Lalu’s stay through a decision by the AK Antony-headed Cabinet Committee on Accommodation (CCA). The new CCA, headed by Rajnath Singh and comprising UD Minister Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari, has not yet had its first meeting. Only the CCA can take a call on the extension of the stay.
“He (Lalu) is being attended to by doctors four-five times a day. A doctor stays with him 24 hours. We have been advised not to move him and ever since his return from Mumbai, he has never been out of home in Delhi. We’re told there is risk of infection, so we have to be careful,” Lalu’s younger son Tejashwi Yadav told The Indian Express. “It’s not like we’re staying illegally. We are paying market rent for the accommodation.”
The market rent of the Type-VIII bungalow — meant for senior MPs and cabinet ministers— is around Rs 1 lakh a month.
Lalu is learnt to have personally requested Venkaiah Naidu for an extension citing his illness. The last time the extension was granted after Lalu cited illness of his wife, Rabri Devi, and the fact that his granddaughters were studying in Sankstriti School nearby.
The Prasad family is understood to be of the view that the house is gone, Lalu would rather stay in Patna, where he has a house, instead of staying on in Delhi on rent.
Now, none of the four newly elected MPs of the RJD is entitled to as spacious a government bungalow as the one where he has been staying for so many years.
Lalu Prasad, 66, underwent three cardiac procedures in Mumbai in August end and was discharged early September.
In February, the outgoing UPA government he Ministry of Urban Development on Wednesday took the cabinet route to allow RJD chief Lalu Prasad to retain the bungalow till October 31, 2014.

Kolkata Port on terror alert  Navy pulls out two visitingwarshipsPrint
Navy officer getting off a warship.
By: Express News Service | Kolkatanew Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:36 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 1:28 pm
Security has been stepped up at the Kolkata Port following a terror strike warning. Two naval ships, docked at the port for the ongoing Navy Week celebrations, were withdrawn even as the defence ministry said the move had nothing to with terror threat.
According to sources, an intelligence input warning of a terror attack at the port was received by the Kolkata Police Monday.  The input also stated, according to sources, that “the terrorists might be supported by some elements of Pakistan navy in carrying out the attack on the port”.  Senior officials of the CISF, the Kolkata Police and the Kolkata Port held a meeting on Tuesday.
“We have received a message from the Union Home Ministry. Accordingly, we have taken all measures of protection and security has been stepped up,” said Kolkata Port Trust chairman R P S Kahlon, adding the Naval Week would continue in the port area.
Meanwhile, two visiting naval warships, INS Khukri and INS Sumitra, docked at the port since Monday for public viewing, were sent back to the sea. The two ships were supposed to be docked at the port till November 6 as part of the Naval Week celebrations.
A defence ministry press release, however, said the two visiting warships, which had berthed at Kidderpore on Monday, sailed out “within hours of a recall to the sea for undisclosed ‘operational reasons’ on orders by Eastern Naval Command HQ today”.

Pharma firm makes headway in dengue vaccinetrialsPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:31 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:05 pm
In an article published in the New England Journal of Medicine, the vaccines division of pharmaceutical company Sanofi Pasteur has announced that the company’s dengue vaccine trials in Latin America have shown a 60.8 per cent efficacy in children and adolescents.
Analysis showed that three doses of the vaccine administered to children aged 9-16 years gave a 95.5 per cent protection against severe dengue and an 80.3 per cent reduction in risk of hospitalisation during the study.
The full data of the Latin American study has been presented at the annual meeting of the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene. Every year, an estimated 5,00,000 people including children are hospitalised due to dengue across the globe.
“Until now, we were only able to provide supportive care for patients with dengue. On the strength of the outcome of this phase III efficacy study, we hope this will become an effective preventive measure against dengue,” said Dr Rivaldo Cunha, associate professor in the Faculty of Medicine, Universidade de Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil and a principal investigator of the study. A total of 20,869 children aged 9-16 years from dengue endemic areas of Brazil, Columbia, mexico, Honduras and Puerto Rico participated in the study.

Bangla terror outfit wanted to set up womens wing inAssamPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:30 am
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi said on Tuesday that the terror group Jamaat-ul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) was trying to establish a women’s wing in the state. The CM’s statement came even as the National Investigation Agency (NIA) launched an operation after the Burdwan blast to track down 12 people associated with the JMB, including one from Assam.
“The JMB was trying to set up a women’s wing in Assam. They have already attracted a number of youths from Assam, some of whom have also gone abroad to train in jihad,” Gogoi said. Though the Assam Police has on earlier occasions spoken about youth going to Bangladesh for terror training, this is the first time that information about a women’s wing of the group has been made public.
Gogoi also said Barpeta district in Assam had become a major concentration of jihadi elements. “They are most active in Barpeta district,” Gogoi said.
The Assam Police had recently arrested seven persons from Barpeta district for their alleged links to the Burdwan module of the JMB. The NIA on its part has named Sahanur Alom of village Chatala in Barpeta among the 12 “most wanted” persons in connection with JMB activities in the post-Burdwan investigations and announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh for information about him.
On a question about surveillance of madrasas in the state, Gogoi said not all madrasas are on the police radar. “Just because one or two madrasas have been identified or persons associated with the madrasas have been arrested does not mean all the madrasas are involved,” he said.
A team of NIA sleuths, meanwhile, carried out a search operation at houses of of Sahanur Alom and his brother Zakaria in Barpeta’s Chatala village. While Zakaria was arrested by last week, Sahanur and his wife Sajina, both of whom were directly associated with the JMB’s Burdwan module, have remained untraceable.

Communal clash at Aurangabad  cophurtPrint
By: Express News Service | Patna | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:28 am
A special auxiliary police jawan was injured during stone pelting by Hindu and Muslim groups at Dawood Nagar under Aurangabad on Tuesday.
The incident took place when residents of Churi Bazar at Dawood Nagar town found that the idol of a Hindu deity at a local temple was partially damaged. Some persons later reportedly tried to damage a Tazia which had been readied for the Wednesday procession. The stone pelting followed for about 10 minutes before police intervened and brought the situation under control.
Adequate forces have been deployed at Dawood Nagar.
This is the fourth communal clash in one-and-a-half month after the clashes at Kishanganj, Saran and Bhojpur.
Aurangabad SP Upendra Kumar Sharma said: “The situation has been under control but we will keep police deployment till Tazia procession ends. We are also engaging people from both communities to clear misgivings.”

Military history as adjunct of political strategyUpdated: November 5, 2014 01:55 IST
Military history as adjunct of political strategy
Arjun Subramaniam
Tweet
PHOTO: THE HINDU PHOTO ARCHIVES The Indian Army held a farewell parade after the liberation of Bangladesh and final withdrawal of troops, at the Dacca stadium on March 12, 1972 where the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman took the salute.
TOPICS
defence
Military campaigns must be seen through the lens of multiple processes of statecraft without ignoring the heat and grime of battle
In the late 1970s, Prof. Rajan, our Head of Department in the faculty of Military History and International relations at the National Defence Academy, always urged us to look at military history not as an isolated discipline, but as an adjunct of political strategy and diplomacy. This contextual relationship, he said, was imperative for a clearer understanding failing which it would remain only a description of battles and campaigns. I have never forgotten that advice. Since then, I have always looked at military campaigns through the lens of multiple processes of statecraft without ignoring the heat and grime of battle.
Military history, a laggard
I have always wondered: why has the discipline of military history, particularly in the post-independence era, remained a laggard in India’s contemporary historical discourse? Has it to do the ‘pacifist’ tag attached to modern Indian strategic thinking or to a reluctance to showcase the exploits of a military that still carries a perceived colonial legacy?
My gut feeling is that political and social historians who have dominated modern Indian historical discourse have been more comfortable writing and teaching history that is socially relevant; politically engaging; and that showcases India’s rich civilisational heritage and its multicultural, vibrant democracy. Making matters difficult for a minuscule number of military historians has been our archival carelessness and opaqueness when it comes to periodic de-classification of military matters.
Many global universities look at military history as a clear subset of history focussing on strategy, operational art, campaign studies and tactical battles. I guess it just did not make sense for Indian universities to devote time to this genre of history when other topics were attracting greater attention.
India’s military history and wars since Independence have been well-chronicled, though in a piecemeal manner, within the country and abroad by scholars like Sumit Ganguly (The Origins of War in South Asia); Stephen Cohen (Arming without Aiming); Jaswant Singh (Defending India); Srinath Raghavan (1971-A Global History of the Creation of Bangladesh); and Neville Maxwell (India’s China War).
However, only a handful of civilian writers like P.V.S. Jagan and Samir Chopra (Eagles over Bangladesh: The Indian Air Force in the 1971 Liberation War) have written extensively about specific campaigns and battles.
Conflicts of all genres have only been covered in a single offering, albeit very briefly — in the most critically acclaimed book on modern Indian history, India after Gandhi, by Ramachandra Guha.
While there have been laudable contributions by a number of soldier-scholars — like Air Chief Marshal P.C. Lal (My Years with the IAF); Lt. Gen. S.K. Sinha (A Soldier Recalls); Maj. Gen. D.K. Palit (War in the High Himalayas and The Lightning Campaign); and Vice Admiral Mihir Roy (War in the Indian Ocean) — these have generally been service-specific or personal perspectives on the conduct of India’s modern conflicts.
Some exhaustive joint narratives have also been written by Ministry of Defence historians like Dr. S.N. Prasad and Dr. Thapliyal (Official Histories of the 1947-48, 1965 and 1971 conflicts), and one cannot but appreciate the attempts of journalist-scholars like Inder Malhotra, D.R. Mankekar, Shekhar Gupta and Nitin Gokhale to keep the military discourse going. However, no one has really focussed on giving a fillip to the study of modern Indian military history, either in our war colleges or in our universities.
Having taught extensively at one of India’s flagship institutions of Professional Military Education, I remain unhappy at the manner in which modern India’s military history is being studied at our war colleges and universities — not a single university or college has a department dedicated to it like the ones at King’s College, London (War Studies); and Oxford University (Changing Character of War). Strategic studies, which allows scholars to prognosticate about the future rather than rummage through archives for lessons from the military past, seems a more fashionable genre.
Absence of a focussed discourse
With that as a backdrop, I have often wondered: how are we going to sensitise India’s youth in the years ahead on the exploits of India’s armed forces and the role they have played in nurturing and protecting its vibrant, secular and multicultural democracy? Will the absence of a focussed military discourse lead to a continual decline in the attractiveness of the armed forces as a career option? I hope not!
Modern theories of international relations — that look at balance of power and national interest, or universalism and collective security as a final objective of state policy — invariably have had the military as a tool to achieve it, though it is always articulated as the last and the least-preferred option.
The West has for long considered the study of war as being vital for survival of the state in the face of periodic threats from totalitarian forms of invasive and disruptive political philosophies. Nations like the U.S., Great Britain, France — all flourishing democracies — have government-backed institutions that take great pride in chronicling wars and saving the lessons for posterity.
Writers and scholars like William Dalrymple (Return of a King); and Christopher Bayly (Forgotten Armies) have chronicled wonderfully the military exploits of the British Raj even when it was in its death throes. Sir Michael Howard (War in European History); John Keegan (A History of Warfare); and Williamson Murray (War in the Air: 1914-1945) have made a name for themselves as military historians of rare pedigree; and journalist-scholars like Rick Atkinson (The Liberation Trilogy) continue to tell the story of the exploits of American soldiers in World War II through masterful narratives.
Unfortunately, India has no such system in place where scholars, wanting to showcase the operational exploits of free India’s military campaigns in the form of easily digestible narratives, are encouraged by mainstream academia.
It is understandable that India does not want to abandon its overarching principles of non-violence and peaceful coexistence as key determinants of its political philosophy. However, considering the realities of modern geostrategic compulsions and expanding national interests, it is high time that it institutes radical changes in the way it records, analyses and disseminates its military history.
Indian tales of courage, valour and bravery in the face of insurmountable odds are not an exclusive preserve of the warrior princes of ancient and medieval India, but also of soldiers, airmen and sailors of a secular, democratic and modern India.
One of the ways of upholding the pride of India’s armed forces is by telling its recent stories to people at large via interesting narratives that are neither self-adulatory, nor derogatory or scathingly critical, but in ways that allow us to learn from our mistakes and take pride in past accomplishments.
(The author is a serving Air Vice Marshal in the Indian Air Force. The views expressed are personal.)

New gas price will lead to additional revenues from MA field: NikoDevelopment of other India projects will depend on the future price outlook
New Delhi, November 4:  
Niko Resources, one of the foreign partners in Reliance Industries-operated KG-D6 block, said India’s new gas price will provide incremental revenue of about $4 million to the company from the MA field from November 1, 2014, to March 31, 2015.
This, Niko said, was based on the current projections of gas production from the field.
Around 40 per cent of the natural gas sold from the D6 Block during April-September was produced from the MA field and the rest came from the D1 and D3 fields.
“The cash flow benefit of the revised price on the company’s share of gas sales from the D1 and D3 fields is not expected to be available to the company unless and until the cost recovery dispute is resolved in favour of the contractors of the D6 block,” Canada-based Niko said in a statement.
The KG-D6 block is currently producing slightly below 12 million standard cubic metres a day, or mscmd, (7.1 mscmd from D1-D3 and 4.7 mscmd from MA). The third partner in the block is UK-based BP.
New formula
India on October 18 revised its domestically produced gas price effective November 1. Initial price for the period of November 1 to March 31, 2015, is $5.05 a unit (gas is measured in million British thermal units) based on the gross calorific value of the sales gas.
This price equates to around $5.61 a unit based on the net calorific value (NCV) of the sales gas, an increase of approximately 33 per cent from the $4.20 a unit NCV that natural gas sales had been priced at prior to the new formula.
This price is applicable to all natural gas produced in India, including the NELP blocks such as KG-D6 with an exception of D1 and D3 fields in the D6 block, where a dispute between the contractors and the Government on the recovery of certain costs is under arbitration, the October 18 statement had said.
For D1 and D3, the contractors will be paid the earlier price of $4.20 a unit and the difference between the revised price and the old price will be credited to a gas pool account.
“Whether the amount so collected is payable or not to the contractors of this block would be dependent on the outcome of the award of the pending arbitration and any attendant legal proceedings,” it said.
Price outlook
Niko also said its other development projects such as R-cluster and Satellite areas in the KG-D6 block will depend on the future long-term price outlook for gas sales in these projects and uncertainty in this outlook could mean that development of these discoveries could be deferred.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Hotel Suite of the Week: Raven Suitehotel suite of the week: raven suite
Hotels Along the Route of the NYC MarathonThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

What to See and What to Skip in Salt Lake CityThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Why people don t share porn"Because most articles just don't create enough emotion," he said. "You have to be really awesome. Your article has to be so awesome to get someone to share it."
Chapter 3: Just any emotion won't do.
"Certain types of emotions work better than others," Spartz said. "Positive, uplifting emotions tend to work the best. Humor, animals, nostalgia, et cetera, et cetera. On the flip side, things that piss people off can work very well. Anger is a powerful motivator."
Anger and joy are among what psychologists call "high-valence emotions." Or, as Spartz explains, high-valence emotions make people feel "up" versus "sitting back in a chair, chilling."
"People don't share depressing articles," Spartz said. "They share things that make them angry and things that make them happy."
Chapter 4: The user's identity matters.
"Before we share something, on a subconscious level, we ask ourselves, 'If I share this, will this make me look cool?'" Spartz said. "All of us want to look good and put out the right image to friends, families and business partners, which is why some of us share certain news sources at a much higher rate than others. Like The New Yorker. People are much more prone to share New Yorker articles because it makes you look smart."
Porn does not make you look smart, he added.
"You have to be so good at understanding your user and what they like, what they don't like, what they care about and who they are, that most of us fail spectacularly at this," Spartz said.
These four points cover the basic theory. But mechanics matter as much if not more than the content.
Chapter 5: Algorithm required.
Spartz began by experimenting with Facebook.
"I developed a series of algorithms to make Facebook pages to go viral," he said. "I created dozens of pages that went from zero to millions of fans over a period of a few hours to a few days. And then I took the same ideas from Facebook to Twitter, got millions of followers on Twitter, YouTube, Tumblr, websites, apps. It worked on every major platform."
His algorithms tested hundreds of variables, cataloging which ones correlated positively with virality. (That's how he figured out that happy stories work better than depressing stories.) Spartz then refined that process enough to tell within one minute of an article's debut whether or not it would go viral.
Chapter 6: Don't create the content yourself. Just repackage it.
"Our algorithms identify content going viral in the early phases," he said. "Once we've identified what's going viral, we will use that as inspiration to create a new piece of content similar to but different from the one we identified."
For instance, in July Spartz's dose.com posted "18 Photos That Look Fake But Actually Happened in Real Life." But back in 2008 cracked.com posted "15 Images You Won't Believe Aren't Photoshopped." Or in November of last year, viralnova.com posted "Who Needs Photoshop When These 23 Unbelievable Pictures Are Completely REAL?"
Yes, it's the same stuff, circulated over and over again. We humans are THAT predictable.
Chapter 7: Optimize for mobile.
People on mobile phones often skip over videos.
"They want to get a flavor of what the video is, by seeing some screen shots and a write-up about it," Spartz said of mobile readers. "Then they'll decide if they want to watch the video."
Chapter 8: The headline is most important.
Spartz said he spent three months writing all of the headlines for his company's content. That's worth repeating. The CEO and founder of the company wrote every headline. For three months.
"Because that's how important it is to create a headline that maximizes the chance the user clicks on the article," he said. "It's your whole sales pitch for the article, which is your product. And your product has to deliver, or you fail."
Chapter 9: Give 'em what they want.
"Our model is based on hitting as many home runs as possible," Spartz said. "And you earn more home runs by either getting more at-bats or by increasing your batting average. An at-bat for us is an article we test or produce. So the idea is you test thousands to identify a few home runs. And those home runs get millions and millions of views."

The Chicago Innovation Awards and  the building blocks of innovationThe Chicago Innovation Awards and 'the building blocks of innovation'
The Chicago Innovation Awards and 'the building blocks of innovation'
Our Jenniffer Weigel shares highlights of last week's Chicago Innovation Awards, plus Dough's Kristi Ross on the importance of collaboration, Horizon Pharma's Tim Walbert on the growth of the event and Molex's Brian Krause on an event offshoot.
Our Jenniffer Weigel shares highlights of last week's Chicago Innovation Awards, plus Dough's Kristi Ross on the importance of collaboration, Horizon Pharma's Tim Walbert on the growth of the event and Molex's Brian Krause on an event offshoot.
Our Jenniffer Weigel shares highlights of last week's Chicago Innovation Awards, plus Dough's Kristi Ross on the importance of collaboration, Horizon Pharma's Tim Walbert on the growth of the event and Molex's Brian Krause on an event offshoot.
This video is featured in these articles:

Why Obama Doesn t Get Credit For The Improving EconomyThe U.S. economy is growing, unemployment is tumbling and stocks are at record highs. So why aren't President Barack Obama and the Democrats getting enough credit for that to avoid a big loss in Tuesday's midterm elections?
Maybe because, for way too many Americans, the economy might as well still be in recession.
Most of the benefits of the economic recovery that began in 2009 have accrued only to the wealthiest Americans . Middle-class Americans, meanwhile, have been left behind. Their wages and wealth have stagnated -- a key reason why polls show that most Americans think the economy is still in a recession , even though it technically started recovering five years ago.
Here's a chart, courtesy of Credit Suisse, that sums it up. It shows the ratio of wealth to household income, which has spiked during this recovery to levels not seen since just before the Great Depression:
This means the rich are getting richer at a much, much faster rate than the rest of us, who are not getting rich at all. The rich have benefited from a stock market that has more than doubled in value since 2009, while the average worker's wages have barely kept up with inflation:
Unfortunately for Obama and the Democrats, wealthier Americans tend to vote Republican , and merely getting richer in the past few years has not been enough to make them switch teams. Wealthy Americans also donate money to Republican candidatess, including the ones who are widely expected to take over the Senate and extend their control over the House of Representatives in Tuesday's elections.
Not all elections hinge on the economy, but it's not hard to draw a pretty straight line from the current economy to the gloomy outlook for Democrats in this election. Most Americans say the economy is their top issue, according to several recent polls , and only 38 percent of Americans think the economy is in OK shape, according to a recent CNN/ORC International poll. Just 35 percent of Americans approve of Obama's handling of the economy, according to Gallup.
Of course, midterm elections almost always go badly for the party that holds the White House. Going into the midterm election of 1986, President Ronald Reagan had a 60 percent approval rating and a decent economy on his side, and his party still lost control of the Senate and gave up a handful of seats in the House.
Aside from a one-off swoon in GDP in the first quarter, the economy has arguably been kinder to Obama in 2014 than it was to Reagan in 1986. GDP has bounced back sharply in the past two quarters. The unemployment rate has tumbled nearly a full percentage point this year, recently falling below 6 percent (compared with 7 percent for Reagan). The Dow and S&P 500 are constantly breaking records , and the Nasdaq is at levels not seen since the peak of the dot-com bubble in 2000.
But unemployment has fallen at least partly because workers are leaving the labor force, not because of a massive boom in hiring. Workers are giving up looking for work, either because of early retirement or because they've just lost hope, meaning they no longer count as "unemployed" in the eyes of the government.
Stock prices are at record highs, but most Americans don't own stocks. Middle-class workers who have managed to save a bit in 401(k) accounts don't have enough wealth to retire on for more than a year. Most stock gains have in fact gone to top earners, including CEOs, whose pay has skyrocketed to the point where they're making nearly 300 times as much as workers, as you can see in this chart from the Economic Policy Institute:
In thinking about 2014, a more telling comparison than 1986 is 1998, when President Bill Clinton enjoyed a great midterm election. The Republicans picked up no seats that year, the first such failure for a party out of the White House since 1934.
Clinton was lucky enough to be in office in the middle of the dot-com boom. That, of course, benefited the rich, just as the recent stock market rally has done. But in 1998, the middle class was getting a taste, too. Unemployment stayed below 5 percent all year -- close to what most economists would consider full employment. GDP was in the middle of a four-year growth boom of more than 4 percent annually, the strongest stretch since the 1960s.
Most importantly, hourly wage growth was more than twice the level of inflation that year, the biggest such gap since the early 1970s. In 1998, the middle class really felt like it was getting richer. That probably made it a lot easier to reward the party in power.
More:

Kissing bug disease: The situation in the U.S. may be much worse than you thinkBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 5 Follow @arianaeunjung
Chagas Disease is caused by the parasitic protozoan Trypanosoma cruzi and is transmitted while the insect is feeds on the blood of a human host. (CDC/WHO)
Researchers at the annual gathering of tropical medicine experts on Tuesday warned of a deadly disease from abroad that is threatening the health of more and more Americans. They weren't talking about Ebola, but Chagas, the "kissing bug" disease.
Called a silent killer because it's often hard to diagnose in the early stages, Chagas is a parasitic infection that can lead to serious cardiac and intestinal complications and even death. It typically spreads through blood-sucking "kissing" bugs that bite on people's faces during the night and is estimated to affect 7 to 8 million people worldwide. The disease can also be spread from blood transfusions, organ transplants and congenital transfer from mother to child, according to the CDC. Until recently it was considered a problem only in Mexico, Central America and South America. Over the past few years, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has seen cases across half the United States, but in most cases the victims were believed to have been infected abroad.
As recently as 2012, scientists expressed worry about the "globalization" of Chagas.
Now a team of researchers from Baylor College of Medicine in Houston is challenging that assumption. During a presentation at the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene meeting in New Orleans, epidemiologist Melissa Nolan Garcia said her team had been following 17 Houston-area residents who had been infected. At least six of them appeared to have been infected locally as they had had insignificant travel outside the United States. Most of the patients spent a lot of time outdoors or lived in rural areas where the bugs are thought to live. The Baylor group also collected 40 kissing bugs near homes in 11 central-southern Texas counties and found that half had fed on human blood as well as that of a dozen kinds of animals ranging from dogs to raccoons.
The researchers analyzed blood donors in Texas between 2008 and 2012 and found that one in every 6,500 donors tested positive for exposure to the parasite -- a figure that is 50 times higher than the Centers for Disease Control estimate.
"We were astonished to not only find such a high rate of individuals testing positive for Chagas in their blood, but also high rates of heart disease that appear to be Chagas-related," Nolan Garcia said in a statement released by the tropical medicine society.
The researchers said that while the number of cases is growing, physicians' awareness of the disease is lagging. When caught in the early stages, the disease can be treated with two drugs, nifurtimox and benznidazole, but if asymptomatic infections are allowed to progress they can lead to serious complications. Many of those who are now recognized as having the disease were flagged after they donated blood and had never been treated for the disease before that.
Virginia was identified by the Baylor researchers as one of the states having a higher number of cases but health officials in the state this summer cautioned that news reports of the disease being prevalent in the area are overstated .
More about Chagas disease: Centers for Disease Control FAQ
(S. Kjos/Global Health - Division of Parasitic Diseases and Malaria/CDC)
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

9 Things Successful People Won t Doreddit
My last post, How Successful People Stay Calm , really struck a nerve. The trick is that managing your emotions is as much about what you won't do as it is about what you will do.
TalentSmart has tested more than a million people and found that the upper echelons of top performance are filled with people who are high in emotional intelligence (90 percent of top performers, to be exact). So, I went back to the data to uncover the kinds of things that emotionally intelligent people are careful to avoid in order to keep themselves calm, content, and in control. They consciously avoid these behaviors because they are tempting and easy to fall into if one isn't careful.
While the list that follows isn't exhaustive, it presents nine key things that you can avoid in order to increase your emotional intelligence and performance.
They Won't Let Anyone Limit Their Joy
When your sense of pleasure and satisfaction are derived from comparing yourself to others, you are no longer the master of your own happiness. When emotionally intelligent people feel good about something that they've done, they won't let anyone's opinions or accomplishments take that away from them.
While it's impossible to turn off your reactions to what others think of you, you don't have to compare yourself to others, and you can always take people's opinions with a grain of salt. That way, no matter what other people are thinking or doing, your self-worth comes from within. Regardless of what people think of you at any particular moment, one thing is certain -- you're never as good or bad as they say you are.
They Won't Forget
Emotionally intelligent people are quick to forgive, but that doesn't mean that they forget. Forgiveness requires letting go of what's happened so that you can move on. It doesn't mean you'll give a wrongdoer another chance. Emotionally intelligent people are unwilling to be bogged down unnecessarily by others' mistakes, so they let them go quickly and are assertive in protecting themselves from future harm.
They Won't Die in the Fight
Emotionally intelligent people know how important it is to live to fight another day. In conflict, unchecked emotion makes you dig your heels in and fight the kind of battle that can leave you severely damaged. When you read and respond to your emotions, you're able to choose your battles wisely and only stand your ground when the time is right.
They Won't Prioritize Perfection
Emotionally intelligent people won't set perfection as their target because they know it doesn't exist. Human beings, by our very nature, are fallible. When perfection is your goal, you're always left with a nagging sense of failure, and you end up spending your time lamenting what you failed to accomplish and what you should have done differently instead of enjoying what you were able to achieve.
They Won't Live in the Past
Failure can erode your self-confidence and make it hard to believe you'll achieve a better outcome in the future. Most of the time, failure results from taking risks and trying to achieve something that isn't easy. Emotionally intelligent people know that success lies in their ability to rise in the face of failure, and they can't do this when they're living in the past. Anything worth achieving is going to require you to take some risks, and you can't allow failure to stop you from believing in your ability to succeed. When you live in the past, that is exactly what happens, and your past becomes your present, preventing you from moving forward.
They Won't Dwell on Problems
Where you focus your attention determines your emotional state. When you fixate on the problems that you're facing, you create and prolong negative emotions and stress, which hinders performance. When you focus on actions to better yourself and your circumstances, you create a sense of personal efficacy that produces positive emotions and improves performance. Emotionally intelligent people won't dwell on problems because they know they're most effective when they focus on solutions.
They Won't Hang Around Negative People
Complainers are bad news because they wallow in their problems and fail to focus on solutions. They want people to join their pity party so that they can feel better about themselves. People often feel pressure to listen to complainers because they don't want to be seen as callous or rude, but there's a fine line between lending a sympathetic ear and getting sucked into their negative emotional spiral. You can avoid getting drawn in only by setting limits and distancing yourself when necessary. Think of it this way: if a person were smoking, would you sit there all afternoon inhaling the second-hand smoke? You'd distance yourself, and you should do the same with complainers. A great way to set limits is to ask complainers how they intend to fix a problem. The complainer will then either quiet down or redirect the conversation in a productive direction.
They Won't Hold Grudges
The negative emotions that come with holding onto a grudge are actually a stress response. Just thinking about the event involved sends your body into fight-or-flight mode. When a threat is imminent, this reaction is essential to your survival, but when a threat is ancient history, holding onto that stress wreaks havoc on your body and can have devastating health consequences over time. In fact, researchers at Emory University have shown that holding onto stress contributes to high blood pressure and heart disease. Holding onto a grudge means you're holding onto stress, and emotionally intelligent people know to avoid this at all costs. Learning to let go of a grudge will not only make you feel better now but can also improve your health.
They Won't Say Yes Unless They Really Want To
Research conducted at the University of California in San Francisco shows that the more difficulty that you have saying no, the more likely you are to experience stress, burnout, and even depression. Saying no is indeed a major challenge for most people. "No" is a powerful word that you should not be afraid to wield. When it's time to say no, emotionally intelligent people avoid phrases like "I don't think I can" or "I'm not certain." Saying no to a new commitment honors your existing commitments and gives you the opportunity to successfully fulfill them.
For more information on TalentSmart, go here.
More:

Dr. Travis BradberryLike
10
Dr. Travis Bradberry is the award-winning co-author of the #1 bestselling book, Emotional Intelligence 2.0 , and the cofounder of TalentSmart , the world's leading provider of emotional intelligence tests , emotional intelligence training , and emotional intelligence certification , serving more than 75% of Fortune 500 companies. His bestselling books have been translated into 25 languages and are available in more than 150 countries. Dr. Bradberry has written for, or been covered by, Newsweek, BusinessWeek, Fortune, Forbes, Fast Company, Inc., USA Today, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, and The Harvard Business Review.
Entries by Dr. Travis Bradberry
Caffeine: The Silent Killer of Success
(3) Comments | Posted November 26, 2014 | 12:02 PM
This week's tip for improving yourself is the most simple and straightforward method I've provided thus far. For many people, this tip has the potential to have a bigger impact than any other single action. The catch? You have to cut down on caffeine, and as any caffeine drinker can...
9 Dinge, die erfolgreiche Menschen niemals tun
(27) Comments | Posted November  9, 2014 | 10:33 AM
In meinem letzten Beitrag, der offenbar einen Nerv getroffen hat, ging es darum, wie erfolgreiche Menschen es schaffen, stets die Ruhe zu bewahren. Die eigenen Gefühle im Griff zu behalten hängt ebenso sehr von dem ab, was man nicht tut, wie davon, was man tut.
Das Unternehmen TalentSmart...
9 Things Successful People Won't Do
(2) Comments | Posted November  4, 2014 | 1:02 PM
My last post, How Successful People Stay Calm , really struck a nerve. The trick is that managing your emotions is as much about what you won't do as it is about what you will do.
TalentSmart has tested more than a million people and found that the upper...
How Successful People Stay Calm
(15) Comments | Posted October 30, 2014 | 6:33 PM
The ability to manage your emotions and remain calm under pressure has a direct link to your performance. TalentSmart has conducted research with more than a million people, and we've found that 90 percent of top performers are skilled at managing their emotions in times of stress in...

Now That Our Daughter Is In College.. Will We Ever Be Able To Retirereddit
My wife and I tried to do all the right things when it came to college planning. We started saving early on, opened 529 accounts, began campus visits when my daughter, Abby, was a freshman in high school, and signed up for her SAT training well ahead of time.
But still, although we feel very confident that we're on track and have many years of earnings ahead of us, now that we're in the middle of paying Abby's college bills, I jokingly say to my friends: "Will we ever be able to retire?"
No matter how well you plan, it's hard not to wonder. After all, One of the many things you learn when you send your child to a university is that the costs are often much higher than you anticipated. We're not just spending money on tuition, but on all the other invisible extras -- the dorm room supplies, the lunches and dinners not covered by the meal plan, and the car we just bought Abby, so she can have reliable transportation.
When I talk about this with other parents, a lot of them say, "I know... but I'll worry about it later." That, of course, is fine -- most of us are devoted and will do anything we can to ensure our children have everything they need.
But speaking as both a wealth advisor and a fellow parent, you have to have a game plan.
If the whole subject feels overwhelming, you are far from alone, and oftentimes it can seem easier to ignore a stressful situation than work through it. But in this situation it's even more critical to take the initiative and start planning for your future. By tackling the issue, you'll probably find that you can still give your child a good chance in life -- without working until you're in your nineties.
Here are four steps you can take to make it happen:
1. Understand your costs, and reduce them wherever possible
Before you can figure out how much you can contribute, whether to college or to your retirement account, you need to have an understanding of where your money goes.
You can use my Expense Analysis Worksheet to figure out what you're spending money on. Are there areas where you can cut back? You might not think it's possible before you do the exercise, but I haven't had a single client who wasn't surprised by something in their expense analysis.
Take the time to do this today, and you might just find a few hidden resources you didn't know about.
If your child is already in college or close to it, you should see if there's an opportunity to save on his or her expenses. If you haven't decided on a school already, maybe think more about that in-state public university instead of the private school. Maybe your child could live at home instead of in the dorms, or accelerate his or her coursework to graduate a bit early. There's also the option of going to a two-year community college before transferring to the more expensive dream school.
Of course, everyone's individual situation is different and each parent has an idea of what will be best for their child. The point isn't that you have to do one of these things; it's to get you to think about the options for action that are most appropriate for you.
For example, Abby decided that it would be best for her to go to a school that was a little further away, even though she had considerable scholarship offers from two local ones. Although we were able to, this isn't always the right decision. It's just what she decided would work best for her first venture on her own.
No matter what your ideas, the savings you can generate from budgeting and reducing costs can be redirected to the most appropriate place for your individual situation. It might mean more money for extra tuition payments, college savings, or for your retirement account.
Remember, when it comes to college savings, there is nothing quite like the 529 plan for getting the most bang for your buck. I've said it before and I'll say it again, these accounts are great for building a college fund. You can learn more by reading two of my recent articles about 529 plans and preparing for college .
No matter where your extra savings go, always remember that it's never too late to take control and start setting money aside. It might seem like just a little bit, but each extra dollar can really add up over time. I can't even imagine how much all the $10s and $20s I've given to my children over the years would add up to! It's more about consistency than the amount you set aside. Take those small sums over the course of years, and you might find yourself with a significant savings account.
2. Thinking about retirement: What do you have? What do you need?
You also need to think about what you'll need in retirement.
Where are your savings now? How much do you need to add each year to reach your goals? Talk to your advisor about the current path you're on and whether or not you need to make some changes to get on the right track.
Maybe you could consider investing a little more aggressively or work a few years longer, or perhaps you could think about future cost-saving measures, like downsizing your home.
By taking the time to figure out how the numbers actually look, you'll be able to remove some of the horrible weight these issues can put on your shoulders. Think about how stressful it is to say to yourself, "I'll never retire," or "I'll just keep working until I can retire."
On the other hand, imagine if you could get a handle on the big picture and say, with some certainty, "I plan to retire at 60."
Wouldn't that be a lot more reassuring? It's all a matter of taking charge of the situation and, again, having a game plan.
3. Plan for uncertainty
A recent Sallie Mae survey found that one-third of families were surprised by unexpected costs related to college. That's a lot of people, and I can vouch for it. For example, when you go to CollegeBoard.org they basically tell you to add roughly $1,500 to $2,000 for "estimated personal expenses" -- I can assure you, the reality is much, much higher than that!
It illustrates the point that there is a lot of room for error when planning for college. Don't get blindsided: Build some padding into your savings or your budget so that you're ready for unexpected costs, whether it's a really expensive set of textbooks or those peak travel date airline tickets to bring your child back home for the holidays.
4. Enlist your child for help
Finally, consider enlisting your child to help pay for certain things, like those textbooks.
The same Sallie Mae survey found that 61 percent of parents think that paying for college should be a joint responsibility, so you'd be in good company if you ask your kids to contribute. Maybe a summer job or a part-time job during the school year is in order.
Again, it's not always the right move -- we haven't asked Abby to contribute yet. But if your situation calls for it, you can't feel bad for asking your child to help with the costs of his or her education.
Don't give up!
Whatever you do, don't give up and ignore the problem or resign yourself to a lifetime of work.
You can retire; it might just take some planning and possibly a few tough decisions. Balancing priorities, costs and the dreams you have for your children isn't easy, but I promise you this: The stress of all those bills and expenses will be much easier to handle if you understand the numbers you're working with -- and if you take the time to make a plan.
Written by Bradford Pine with Anna B. Wroblewska. Learn more about the Bradford Pine Wealth Group here .
Close
States With Highest Average Student Debt - TICAS - Class Of 2012
of

6 Important Things Australian Businesses Should Know About the 457 Visareddit
The growing skills gap is causing more employers to search for talent overseas but they'll need to be prepared for a minefield of legalities and liability.
Within 15 years, we'll be facing a shortfall of 2.3 million workers, according to a recent Boston Consulting Group report. The ageing and growing population, coupled with aggressive infrastructure growth, is leaving serious skills deficits in science, engineering, health care and technology.
Each year, 45,000 skilled migrants enter Australia, and the Department of Immigration and Border Protection expects this to rise significantly in coming years.
Most skilled workers enter the country on a 457 visa, permitting them to work in their nominated occupation for up to four years.
The 457 visa scheme has come under scrutiny in recent years and underwent major reforms in July 2013. And, there are indications that the Abbott government is preparing to make further amendments.
The legalities of recruiting to Australia from abroad
Before looking overseas for skilled employees, businesses need to be familiar with these requirements and pitfalls:
1.Eligibility
Before any recruitment activity, employers must confirm that their business is eligible to sponsor an offshore worker, says Chris Oldham, of Argo Migration. If the prospective employee already has a visa (for example, a working holiday visa), the employer must confirm the visa conditions and the time period the employee is permitted to work for them.
To be eligible as a sponsor under the 457 visa program, a business must show that:
It is a lawfully operating business, with evidence of trading.
It is committed to investment in training; and it must meet training benchmark requirements.
It agrees to the number of 457 workers to be nominated.
It has no relevant adverse information against its business.
2. Commitment to local labour
Businesses must demonstrate that they have attempted to fill the position with local talent. Under Labour Market Testing (LMT) rules introduced last year, specific evidence is required to be submitted with the visa application.
LMT rules apply to sponsored occupations. However, exemptions apply to executive or senior manager occupations, or where it would conflict with Australia's international trade obligations in some circumstances.
3. Obligations
Once approved to sponsor under the 457 visa program, businesses must be mindful of certain obligations, including:
Any changes to an employee's visa status must be communicated within 10 days of the change occurring. For example, a change of job description or the employee leaving the business.
The business must keep records of any training that has been conducted.
Ensure the salary is fair market rate and is not inflated to meet the Temporary Skilled Migration Income Threshold of $53,900 per annum to qualify for the 457 visa program.
Ensure that job terms and conditions are equal to those provided to an Australian citizen or permanent resident.
The business must be able to prove the position is genuine and not just created to access the 457 visa program.
4. Consequences
Existing visa approvals may be threatened if businesses don't meet their obligations. Worse, a business could be barred from applying for approval to sponsor, or from sponsoring employees for a period.
Penalties ranging from $2040 to $51,000 for each failure can apply.
5. Tax and superannuation
As part of the 2013 reforms, entitlement to tax concessions for temporary workers has been drastically reduced, says Tracy Angwin, founder of the Australian Payroll Association. The Living Away from Home Allowance has been all but eliminated, unless employers can prove the employee is living away from an Australian-based home maintained for personal use. Temporary residents are also not entitled to a tax-free threshold and therefore pay an overall higher amount of income tax.
As with residents and citizens, employers are required to make superannuation contributions for employees, with aw exceptions, such as senior executives.
6. Commercial and productivity risk
The cost of recruiting talent from overseas can quickly reach dizzying heights. Executive moves can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars in relocation expense alone. International moves involve personal upheaval and reliance on the family to transition to life in Australia. Without the right support and induction processes in place, companies risk relocation failure and a reduction in productivity and engagement.
For more information, contact Sharon at sharon@theexpatconcierge.com
Article originally published in Australia at HRM Online .
Follow Sharon Swift on Twitter: www.twitter.com/_expatconcierge
More:

http://usat.ly/1oht1GyFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ford issues 5 recalls covering 202K vehicles
DETROIT — Ford is recalling more than 202,000 cars, vans and trucks in North America in five separate recalls to fix gas leaks, air bag sensors, stalling and other issues. The company says the problems have
Post to Facebook
Ford issues 5 recalls covering 202K vehicles DETROIT — Ford is recalling more than 202,000 cars, vans and trucks in North America in five separate recalls to fix gas leaks, air bag sensors, stalling and other issues. The company says the problems have Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnOJo7
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ford issues 5 recalls covering 202K vehicles
Tom Krisher, The Associated Press 2:33 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Ford on Nov. 4, 2014, announced it is recalling more than 202,000 vehicles in North America, including about 135,000 F-150 pickups and Ford Flex family haulers from the 2014 model year, such as this FILE - This undated file image provided by Ford shows the 2014 Ford F-150 STX SuperCrew truck, to fix gas leaks, air bag sensors, stalling and other issues.
(Photo: AP)
329 CONNECT 56 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
DETROIT — Ford is recalling more than 202,000 cars, vans and trucks in North America in five separate recalls to fix gas leaks, air bag sensors, stalling and other issues.
The company says the problems have caused one accident, but it's not aware of injuries in any of the cases.
The biggest of the recalls announced Tuesday affects about 135,000 F-150 pickups and Ford Flex family haulers from the 2014 model year. Faulty passenger seat weight sensors can stop air bags from inflating in crashes.
Dealers will widen a gap between the seat frame and track, and then recalibrate the sensors. Also covered are some 2009 through 2014 F-150s that were serviced for seat track problems this year.
The recalls are examples of how automakers are moving faster to report and correct safety problems in the wake of large penalties the General Motors and Toyota paid to the U.S. government.
Ford recalls 205,000 crossovers for fuel tank leaks
GM was fined $35 million for its slow response to the ignition switch recall, and Toyota paid a $1.2 billion penalty to settle a criminal charge that it hid safety information from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
So far this year, automakers have issued over 550 recalls affecting more than 52 million vehicles. That shattered the old full-year record of 30.8 million recalled vehicles set in 2004. GM alone has issued 75 recalls totaling more than 30 million vehicles this year.
Here are details of the other Ford recalls:
• About 38,600 Ford Crown Victoria, Mercury Grand Marquis and Lincoln Town Cars from 2005 to 2011. They're being recalled for a second time to fix problems with steering shafts that can separate. Improper repairs can cause loss of steering. Dealers will inspect and replace the upper intermediate steering shaft if needed. They also will inspect lower steering column bearings and install bearing retainers if needed. Ford says it knows of one crash from this problem.
• About 27,600 Transit Connect small vans from 2014 for potential fuel line leaks. Fuel and vapor lines may have been routed incorrectly in vans with 2.5-liter engines. The lines can rub and possibly cause leaks over time. Ford says it's not aware of any fires. Dealers will inspect and reroute the lines if needed.
• About 90 Transit large vans from 2015 with 3.2-liter diesel engines. A bracket that holds the fuel filter to the frame can detach, causing engine stalling. Dealers will reinforce the underbody structure.
• About 960 F-150 pickups from 2014. A brake pedal position switch may not be set right. This could delay illumination of brake lights and require increased effort to on the pedal to shut off the cruise control. Dealers will reinstall the switch.
Related:

http://usat.ly/1x4kBEdFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks close mixed: S&P drops, Dow bumps up
Stocks are struggling Tuesday from a one-two punch of falling oil prices and renewed fears of a global slowdown.
Post to Facebook
Stocks close mixed: S&P drops, Dow bumps up Stocks are struggling Tuesday from a one-two punch of falling oil prices and renewed fears of a global slowdown. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnqFBK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks close mixed: S&P drops, Dow bumps up
Stocks fell across the board in midday trading Tuesday as voters head to the polls for the midterm elections. The latest economic data showed New York City business activity is slowing down. Newslook
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:41 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
A trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
42 CONNECT 132 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks closed mixed Tuesday as markets struggled from a one-two punch of falling oil prices and renewed fears of a global slowdown. A wait-and-see posture regarding Tuesday's elections may also be holding back investors.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5.71 points, or 0.3%, to 2012.10 and the Nasdaq composite index dropped 15.27 points, or 0.3%, to 4623.64. The Dow Jones industrial average moved up 17.60 points, or 0.1% to 17,383.84.
The sell-off in the U.S. oil pits picked up steam Tuesday, with a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude dipping another 2% to $77.19, and at one point falling to $75.84, the lowest level since October 2011. It was trading at $100 a barrel as recently as July.
Oil prices slid following a decision by Saudi Arabia to cut prices of oil exported to the U.S., which is believed to be driven by the Saudi's attempt to put pressure on the U.S. fracking industry.
Regan: Why OPEC is fine with falling oil prices
Energy stocks took a hit, with ExxonMobil ( XOM ) falling 0.8% to $94.52 and Chevron ( CVX ) dropping 1.2% to $115.37. Noble is the worst performer since oil peaked this year. Shares in NE have fallen a brutal 44% for 2014.
"The stock market sell-off reflects a bearish bet among many investors that falling oil prices reflect weaker-than-expected global growth," says Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust.
Stocks are likely reacting to the continued descent of crude, coupled with fresh signs that Europe's economic growth continues to sputter. The European Commission cut both its growth and inflation forecasts for the eurozone for 2015 to 1.1% and 0.8%, respectively, according to Barclays. The downgraded outlook is the latest sign that Eurozone weakness could potentially weigh on U.S. growth.
Despite increased pressure on the European Central Bank to launch a U.S.-style government-bond buying program when it meets Thursday, Barclays said it does not "expect further easing."
European markets closed lower as Britain's FTSE index fell 0.5% to 6453.97 and Germany's DAX index dropped 0.9% to 9166.47. The CAC 40 of France plunged 1.5% to 4130.19.
Asia stocks were decidedly mixed. Japan's Nikkei shot up 2.7% to 16,862.47 while the Hang Seng of Hong Kong dropped 0.3% to 23,845.66.
In economic news, the U.S. trade deficit rose in September to its highest level since May as exports fell. The trade deficit widened to $43.0 billion in September, up from a revised $40.0 billion in August, the Commerce Department reported Tuesday. Economists had forecast a trade deficit of $40.0 billion for September.
The swelling trade deficit prompted economists to trim their growth forecasts in the U.S. for the fourth quarter.
Factory orders slip in September
Monday, stocks closed mostly lower as the Dow fell 24.28, or 0.1% to 17,366.24 and the S&P 500 dipped 0.24, or less than 0.1%, to 2017.81. The Nasdaq composite rose 8.17 points, or 0.2% to 4638.91, staying at a 14½-year high.
Contributing: Doug Carroll, Adam Shell.
19 stocks are real turkeys in November (Photo: AP) http://t.co/TBgQDvo1FO pic.twitter.com/BUwj3fPoU7
42 CONNECT 132 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qnqFBK
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Yuriy Gorodnichenko  Dmytro Goriunov and Tymofiy MylovanovQUIZ: How well do you know Rand Paul’s policies?
Matt DeLong
Take this quiz and see if you can identify when the Kentucky senator held each of the following positions.
This is what it was like in Ferguson, Mo. on Monday night
Matt DeLong
Washington Post reporter Wesley Lowery was on the scene in Ferguson, Mo., Monday when protesters and police clashed following the shooting of Michael Brown.
Newtown dad writes open letter to Calif. shooting victim’s father
Matt DeLong
Mark Barden welcomes Richard Martinez to the “extended family” of parents who have lost children to gun violence.
More by  Matt DeLong : 2014

Wall St. slips as energy extends recent slideWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

LS stops allotment of guest houses to MPs  RS crackswhipPrint
Written by Shyamlal Yadav | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:50 am
Nearly a year after The Indian Express reported that several sitting MPs had recommended former MPs for guest accommodation in Lutyens’ Delhi, both Houses of Parliament have started taking corrective action. While the Lok Sabha Secretariat has stopped such allotments, the Rajya Sabha has initiated action to evict former MP guests overstaying in these quarters.
In response to an RTI plea by The Indian Express, the Lok Sabha Secretariat has said, “The guest accommodations in respect of MPs of the 14th and 15th Lok Sabha have been cancelled consequent upon dissolution of the 15th Lok Sabha. No such guest accommodation is being extended during the 16th Lok Sabha.” It added that litigation in respect of all guest accommodations had been filed with the Directorate of Estates.
In response to a separate RTI application, the Rajya Sabha Secretariat said that it has asked the Directorate of Estates to “initiate eviction proceedings” against the overstaying ‘guests’ of MPs.
At the discretion of the government, MPs are entitled to bungalows which that they can recommend to their ‘guests’ for a maximum of three months.
While the idea of these guest bungalows is to accommodate ordinary voters and party workers who come to the capital to meet the MP, The Indian Express had, in an RTI investigation done on September 3 last year, reported that of the 51 guest houses occupied at that time by guests of MPs of both Houses, 38 were former MPs and some had been staying for years. Of the 106 allotments made since 2007 on the recommendation of 96 MPs, 14 were allotted without even mentioning the name of the guests.
While the Lok Sabha Secretariat has cancelled the guest accommodations of MPs, the Rajya Sabha is yet to take action against several guests who have been staying for years in these bungalows on the recommendations of MPs. Sources in the Rajya Secretariat confirmed that there are at least 20 guests in these bungalows who have been staying for more than a year, some even for three years and more.
For instance, Shruti, daughter of former BJP president Bangaru Laxman, was allotted 228, North Avenue in May this year and on August 6, the Secretariat requested for initiating “eviction proceedings”.
Former BJP treasurer and Rajasthan leader Ramdas Agrawal had been staying at 209, VP House as a guest of Om Prakash Mathur since November 2013 but on August 7 this year, his case was forwarded for eviction, the RTI response says. Harikesh Bahadur, a former MP, was allotted 201-B, VP House as a guest of Prof. Alka Kshatriya for a month on January 3 this year but when he did not vacate the accommodation, on June 24 this year, the Secretariat requested for eviction proceedings in his case as well, the RTI response says.
RAJYA SABHA GUIDELINE
The Upper House has drafted a guideline on who should be allotted guest accommodations. The guideline, accessed by The Indian Express under the RTI Act, approved by the House Committee of the Rajya Sabha on November 19, 2009, says, “In the continued…

Michael Bloomberg Just Bought F*ckMichaelBloomberg.nyc And Other Epic Domainsreddit
Michael Bloomberg critics may be disappointed to learn that they won't be able to use BloombergFail.nyc to slam the former mayor. That's because Bloomberg owns BloombergFail.nyc and a host of other domain names.
A law firm representing the former three-term New York City mayor bought up hundreds of .nyc domains last month, Domain Name Wire reported Monday.
There are the domain names you'd expect (mayormichaelbloomberg.nyc and bloombergphilanthropy.nyc) and names that heap praise on the former mayor (americalovesbloomberg.nyc and mikekicksbutt.nyc.) But the law firm, Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP, also bought up a series of negative domain names, seemingly in an effort to pre-empt Internet trolls and Bloomberg critics from buying the domains themselves.
There are, for example, 13 domain names dealing specifically with Bloomberg's height, including:
BloombergIsAShortjew.nyc
MichaelBloombergIsTooShortToBePresident.nyc
MikeIsAShortJew.nyc
At least two domain names dealing with Bloomberg essentially having bought a third term as mayor:
EmperorBloomberg.nyc
At least four domains containing a certain expletive:
FuckBloomberg.nyc

J&K: BJP releases 2nd list of fourcandidatesJ&K: BJP releases 2nd list of four candidates
By: Express News Service | Srinagar/jammu |       November 5, 2014 2:07 am
The BJP on Tuesday released its second list of four candidates for the first phase of assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir. Among the four candidates, three are Muslims and one is Buddhist.
They include Sheik Rashid (Ganderbal), Abdul Rehman Tekri (Bandipora), Abdul Aziz (Kargil) and Siazin Lakpa (Zanskar).
With this, the BJP has finalised candidates for 49 out of the total 87 assembly constituencies across the state as its first list contained the names of 45 candidates, including 13 Muslims. An old BJP worker, Sheik Rashid joined the BJP in 1996 and contested assembly elections from Ganderbal in 2002. Currently, he looks after the affairs of the party in South Kashmir.
Party’s Bandipora candidate Abdul Rehman Tekri, 43, is a Gujjar and joined the BJP recently after the Janta Party led by Subramanain Swamy merged with the BJP last year. Tekri was general secretary of Swamy’s party and is now in charge of  Bandipore.
From Kargil, the BJP has given ticket to Abdul Aziz. Munshi is son of former NC minister Munshi Habibullah. He has joined the party recently. Though BJP has no ground in Muslim-dominated Kargil, thousands attended PM Narendra Modi’s rally in August giving BJP leaders some hope of winning support.
BJP has nominated Siazin Lakpa, a Buddhist, from Zanskar. Here the BJP is banking on the division in Muslim votes. In 2008 assembly elections both Kargil and Zanskar seats were won by the NC.
Fixing its target at winning 44 plus seats in the polls to stake claim to form the next government in J&K, the BJP has already announced its decision to contest all 87 Assembly seats.

Will wait and watch: Omar on possible post-poll tie-up withBJPWill wait and watch: Omar on possible post-poll tie-up with BJP
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | New Delhi |       November 5, 2014 2:04 am
Comments
Abdullah said that “we are still far away from a BJP government in J&K”.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Tuesday said that the possibility of a post-poll alliance between National Conference and BJP to form a government was a “hypothetical question” because “we don’t know what will be the make up of the next assembly. Let the people decide and we will see”.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Abdullah said the idea behind BJP’s effort is to repeat 2002: tie up with a local party and cobble up a group of independents. “But all that will depend on how many seats BJP is able to win. If they win 15 seats from Jammu then BJP will be seen as a replacement of Congress. We have to watch whether they are able to make any inroads in Muslim majority areas like Mendhar, Dharhal, Rajouri, Poonch etc in Jammu province,” he said.
He said that BJP’s chances in Chinab valley (Doda-Kishtwar-Bhaderwah) seem higher. “The contest in Bhaderwah is now with BJP. They have managed to polarize the Chinab valley along communal lines,’’ he said.
Abdullah said that BJP would be able to make its own inroads into Kashmir valley only if there is a successful poll boycott. “They (BJP) are eyeing constituencies like Habakadal and Sopore. They can only win if there is a boycott,” he said. He said the agenda of BJP and separatists seems same in Kashmir. “What separatists are doing is helping those who are bitterly opposed to them. We at least were favouring talks with them. They will put them away.”
When asked whether the political agendas of pro-India political parties in Kashmir like NC and PDP are becoming irrelevant in this new discourse created by a resurgent BJP on Kashmir that vows for total integration as a solution to Kashmir issue, Abdullah said that “we are still far away from a BJP government in J&K”.
However, he agreed that the scope for a discourse beyond total integration has been shrinking.
“The birth of PDP happened only after we passed the autonomy resolution in the assembly. We are aware that this party was created as a response to our attempt to bring autonomy to the state. PDP was created to divide the vote in Kashmir and make it difficult for us to form a government on our,” he said. “They (New Delhi) had recognised Kashmiri voters wouldn’t go with a national party, so they created a regional competitor for us. Our voice has been divided now.”
When asked why didn’t his government do anything about NC’s political agenda of autonomy during the past six years of rule, Abdullah said that “it became a victim of the compulsions of a coalition”. He said that his government would have been able to move forward on the political side if it wasn’t a coalition government. “The Saghir report also became a victim of continued…

Sushma meets families of Indian captives inIraqSushma Swaraj with Food Processing Industries Minister Harsimrat Kaur and the families of the captive Indians in Iraq, in New Delhi on Tuesday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:03 am
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj Tuesday met the families of the 40 Indians, still held captive in Iraq, and assured them that the “earnest” efforts continued to secure the release of the nationals who remain “unharmed”.
Meeting the families for the fifth time since the Indians were taken hostage by Islamic militants ISIS in June.
“The minister told the families that the government was not leaving any stone unturned to secure the release of these nationals. The indications, received as recently as yesterday, show that the Indians were still in captivity and unharmed,” the MEA spokesperson said.
The 40 Indians were working on construction projects near the Iraqi city of Mosul.

Yemeni Shiite leader dismisses UN sanctionsthreatThe United Nations last month expressed deep concern at developments in Yemen, urging the new government to expedite reforms - especially in the army and security forces.
By: Associated Press | Aden | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:52 am
The leader of Yemen’s powerful Shiite Houthi rebels, who control the capital and are currently battling al-Qaida militants, on Tuesday brushed off the threat of UN Security Council sanctions, saying, “We are not afraid.”
Abdel-Malek al-Houthi also accused the country’s embattled leadership of failing to take the lead in combatting al-Qaida. Al-Houthi delivered his speech after at least 30 people were killed in clashes between his forces and al-Qaida militants in the central town of Radda. Houthis and allied tribes fought against al-Qaida on one front, while other rival tribes have sided against against the Shiite rebels.
The United Nations last month expressed deep concern at developments in Yemen, urging the new government to expedite reforms – especially in the army and security forces – and threatening to impose sanctions on “spoilers” endangering the country’s peace, security and stability. The Security Council is meeting on Tuesday to decide on a list of Yemeni figures punishable by sanctions.
Al-Houthi delivered the speech in honor of Ashoura, a major Shiite holiday commemorating the seventh-century death of Imam Hussein, a grandson of the Prophet Muhammad and an iconic Shiite martyr.
He warned that his forces are raising their “combat readiness” and accused embattled President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi of failing to combat al-Qaida’s powerful Yemeni affiliate and other Sunni Islamic extremists. Addressing Hadi, the Shiite leader said that authorities lack “political will” to go after al-Qaida.
Al-Houthi’s speech signaled an escalation in rhetoric against the country’s leadership and fed fears among many Yemenis that the rebels are looking to expand their already considerable territorial gains.
Two security and military officials said that authorities have been recruiting armed civilians, many of them veterans of the “popular committees” which previously participated in fierce clashes with al-Qaida in southern cities, to deter the Houthis from sweeping through the strategic city of Aden. The officials say that over the past two days, dozens of young men with experience in battling al-Qaida, were brought in to Aden.
Al-Houthi accused Hadi of “obstructing” the political process, including the formation of the government, and paving the way for “chaos and turmoil.” He also challenged the Yemeni people to take action, saying, “If you submit to the unjust leader and the dictator government, you will be a partner in the crime.”
A presidential official said that al-Houthi’s speech came after Hadi refused to give the Shiite group an official government mandate to battle al-Qaida.
“They want to be an alternative to the state,” he said. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorised to speak to the press.
Thousands gathered in city squares to watch al-Houthi speaking from his stronghold in the northern continued…

Tinder s CEO is stepping downHow Chicago's Sam Yagan swiped left on Tinder CEO
Caption Sam Yagan
Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky / Oct. 30, 2014
Chicago's Sam Yagan, CEO of Match Group, is pictured in Chicago last month.
Chicago's Sam Yagan, CEO of Match Group, is pictured in Chicago last month. (Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky / Oct. 30, 2014)
Steve Jennings/ Getty Images
Tinder co-founder Sean Rad speaks onstage at TechCrunch Disrupt in San Francisco.
Tinder co-founder Sean Rad speaks onstage at TechCrunch Disrupt in San Francisco. (Steve Jennings/ Getty Images)
By Amina Elahi , Blue Sky Reporter contact the reporter
Chicagoan Sam Yagan, CEO of The Match Group, is near the epicenter of the drama surrounding Sean Rad, co-founder of the popular dating app Tinder, who was forced out as CEO in October, Forbes reports . When majority owner IAC finds a new CEO, Rad will move into the role of president and retain a seat on Tinder’s board.
0
Yagan, who is the co-founder of TechStars Chicago and received the Visionary Award at last week’s Chicago Innovation Awards , informed Rad that he was out as CEO but that IAC wanted him to stay on to focus on product. Yagan delivered the news by phone, hours before Rad took the stage at Forbes’ 30 Under 30 Summit.
The Match Group is a division of IAC, which owns 60 percent of Tinder because the company was started at an incubator it owned. Rad has a 10 percent stake.
“We recruited Sean because he is a great product person, and while here working for us he came up with Tinder. We’ve given him the resources to pursue it. He created a ton of value for us, and he’s going to make a ton of money,” Yagan told Forbes. Analysts say Tinder is worth between $1 and $1.5 billion, according to Forbes.
Rad’s ouster followed a sexual harassment suit against the company from an early employee in which he was named. Tinder co-founder and CMO Justin Mateen was suspended and ultimately left the company earlier this year. IAC said that case was settled in September.

Apparel exports up 16 % in H1Updated: November 3, 2014 23:33 IST
Apparel exports up 16 % in H1
Special Correspondent
textile and clothing
Apparel exports in the first six months of this fiscal April-September this year were 16 per cent more than the corresponding period last year, according to an official of the Apparel Export Promotion Council.
Exports of apparels were to the tune of $7 billion during the period under reference as against $6 billion in the same period last year.
The European Union and the U.S are the two major markets for Indian apparel exporters and these are showing signs of revival.
India is also getting orders from some of the competing countries that are shifting focus from apparel to other sectors, according to the AEPC official.

US Stocks Move Lower as Energy Stocks SlideThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Women in the Boardroomreddit
The debate about getting more women on boards has often centered around the recent excellent research by Catalyst, EY and other organizations, that more women creates a better, more profitable organization. The question about WHY that is could use further reflection and more granular observations.
For example, if I were chairman of a board, my job is to ensure the best decisions emerge from board deliberations. And how do I get the best from the board of directors?  It might be useful to look at some of the dynamics of the boardroom with a gendered lens (although I would quickly add, to focus on what is observed from the dominant group's members and those from the non-dominant group members).
I might suggest some of the following for the board chair to observe:
1. Who comes to the board meetings fully prepared, having read all of the board materials in advance
2. Who among my board tends to focus on the shareholder impact of the board decisions and who might put emphasis on the stakeholders including the employees, the communities, the environment, the personal impact to families of laying off employees
3. Who discusses the short-term impact of the board decisions and who might focus more on the long-term impact
4. Who will ask questions, particularly ones that are not immediately obvious (most marketers still smile when remembering the lack of a Spanish-speaking person when Ford Motor Company introduced the NOVA in Mexico -- a car in Spanish which meant NO GO)
5. Who in general gets 'heard' which means whose comments or suggestions or critiques are picked up and affirmed by others rather than ignored, dismissed, minimized or even initially ignored but then re-said by someone in the dominant group. (Harvard Business School discovered that professors were writing men's comments more frequently on the chalkboard and referring back to men's comments more often than the women students)
6. Does everyone get included in even the informal events of the board (the pre-board dinner, the night club or country club gathering) where issues may be raised and even decided
7. Do I as board chair seek closure quickly on discussion and debate on board matters because conflict feels like it creates tension and division (Katherine Phillips of Columbia University has found that homogeneous groups don't come to better solutions; they just think they did. Heterogeneous groups come to better solutions; they just don't think they did. Diversity creates conflict but if managed well leads to better decisions.)
A board chair who is truly aware and conscious about the governance processes and the board dynamics might begin to see patterns. He or she might discover that the men might have a tendency to process in one way and the women might have a tendency to process the proceedings in a slightly different way. Certainly not all men or not all women behave in distinct ways, but the cohorts will probably behave in ways that, if properly managed, can lead to better results for the organization. It might make even more evident the reason why it is important to have more women on their board of directors.
Follow Laura Liswood on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LauraLiswood
More:

Dollar remains slightly lower on profit-takingDollar remains slightly lower on profit-taking
Asia Pacific Market: Stocks fall on growth concernsAsia Pacific Market: Stocks fall on growth concerns
Burger King teams with e-bay for Whooper pre-bookingBurger King teams with e-bay for Whooper pre-booking
Oil swoons 3 pct to new lows; eyes on Saudi U.S. discountOil swoons 3 pct to new lows; eyes on Saudi U.S. discount
http://usat.ly/1tXqD8xFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring?
It was easy, back in the. You worked 30 years, get a watch and a pension. And  Well that's how our parents did it. Well, it's not your father's retirement any more. You're more likely to
Post to Facebook
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring? It was easy, back in the. You worked 30 years, get a watch and a pension. And  Well that's how our parents did it. Well, it's not your father's retirement any more. You're more likely to Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tXqD8x
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
80
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring?
Rodney Brooks , USA TODAY 8:27 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Paying off your mortgage by the time your retire is a goal many pre-retirees have.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
461 CONNECT 267 TWEET 352 LINKEDIN 80 COMMENTEMAILMORE
It was different back in the day. You worked 30 years, got a watch and a pension. Your health care was probably provided by your company's retiree insurance plan, or even your union.
And a highlight of retirement was the ceremonial burning of the mortgage as mom and dad began retirement debt-free.
That's how our parents did it. But there's no chance we'll see anything like that. As they say, it's not your father's retirement anymore.
Today, your pension has likely been replaced by a company-sponsored 401(k) plan that, mostly, you fund yourself. Few companies offer health insurance for retirees anymore, and those who still do are eliminating or scaling back.
Top retirement financial concern: Health care bills
And your mortgage? Increasingly Americans are going into retirement with big debt, especially mortgage debt.
"More people are carrying mortgages into retirement," says Katherine Dean, senior vice president of wealth planning at Wells Fargo Private Bank.
According to a new report, Baby Boomers & Their Homes: On Their Own Terms – released last week by The Demand Institute, a think tank jointly operated by The Conference Board and Nielsen, Baby Boomers are carrying much more mortgage debt than earlier generations at this life stage.
And 40% were planning major home improvement projects over the next year, which would increase that debt.
Other findings of the survey of more than 4,000 Boomer households (ages 50-69):
• For Boomer movers, the common wisdom says to downsize. But most are actually looking for nicer homes and more space, not less. In fact, 45% of movers will upsize, and 56% of those who plan to move will take out a new mortgage.
• Meanwhile, most Boomers who currently own their own houses still owe money on those homes. The median outstanding mortgage balance for a 50- to 69- year-old household has grown 142% since 1992.
So, the big question for those looking at retirement: Should you pay off your mortgage when you retire?
And the answer is: It depends.
"There is no yes or no answer. It depends on the individual situation," says Dean. "The reason we see more people carrying mortgages into retirement is not by choice. It's their inability to pay if  off, and under-saving for retirement."
"It depends on the individual situation," says Dean. "There's a lot of reason to continue to take a mortgage into your retirement years if you benefit from the tax rates and you have enough income. You wouldn't necessarily be in a hurry to pay that off, especially if you have a low interest rate."
Jeff Warnkin financial adviser at, JL Smith Group in Avon, Ohio, says even though there is no yes or no or right or wrong answer, he prefers clients to pay off their mortgage.
"I'm in favor of paying off the mortgage, as long as it doesn't come at the expense of funding your 401(k), Roth IRA and things of that nature," he says.
Still, he says,  It is not a stand-alone decision. It should be part of a larger plan. "Ideally, I'd like to see the last payment coincide with the date you retire. A fair number, 50% of our retirees, achieve that. But, as life unfolds, sometimes people have to take a home equity line, or help a child with a down payment on a house, medical issues, and sometimes they arrive at or near retirement with a mortgage."
5 questions with 84-year-old financial planner
The planners agree that you should not take money from your retirement account to pay off a mortgage. Dean notes that you have to pay taxes on money you take out of your retirement account to pay off your mortgage. "If you have taxable accounts and have these funds sitting here, and you don't want to carry it, pay it off. But it's a better decision to use a taxable account."
What's the best way to pay off a mortgage in retirement? Pre-retirees have two choices. The best way to have a mortgage at zero on day one of retirement is to prepay the mortgage, says Warnkin. "The second method would be to make one half of your monthly mortgage payment every two weeks. It not only reduces your interest, but over a 12-month period, you end up making 13 payments instead of 12."
.
(Photo: George Petras/USA TODAY)
Emily Sanders, managing director at United Capital in Atlanta, looks at a mortgage in terms of how many years before it's paid off, as well as the interest rate. "Many folks in America have refinanced  mortgages when interest rates have been low. It's the higher interest rate mortgage, higher than 5%, that would be more of an impetus to see about getting it paid off."
"In general, if client has the liquidity to pay off the mortgage — a lump sum from their job, retirement funds that are available but not heavily taxed — we would encourage them that to pay off a mortgage to enter retirement as close to debt free as possible," Sanders says.
Sanders says another wrinkle has to do with tax deductibility. Sometimes a client believes the mortgage interest is tax deductible, and when she drills down, she finds that it is not fully deductible for some high-earning clients. "They are not getting as much of a deduction on mortgage interest as they thought."
6 networking tips for retirees
"It's a very complex question. It depends on the taxpayer's circumstance — how large the mortgage is and how high the interest rate is," Sanders says. "If there are only a few years left and a low interest rate, it might be fine to just let it mature. We typically advise clients that you don't want to be paying a mortgage when you're 90 years old. It might make sense to refinance from 30-year to 15-year if they can't pay it off right now. In that case we advise clients to refinance before they retire. Some banks don't look too favorably on retirees' mortgage applications."
John Gajkowski, co-founder of Money Managers Financial Group in Chicago, said when he sits down with clients to discuss the mortgage, there is a financial aspect and an emotional element. "If they can afford to continue to pay the mortgage financially, it makes sense because it gives them greater control of their money. The house keeps appreciating. And they still have control of their money. They have two assets working for them, as opposed to having all the money in the house.
"Some people, even though they can afford to pay a mortgage, emotionally they want to get out from underneath  it," Gajkowski says. "They want to be free and clear. We have to figure out what is more important, emotional or financial."
"A lot of people had that in your head what, that's what you do," says Dean. "You pay off your mortgage when you retire. And they get uncomfortable if they don't achieve that goal. If you can get past that, there are benefits from a tax perspective. It depends on the  individual."
Video Keywords retirement planning retirement strategy automated tools balanced growth payroll deduction retirement plan
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  -- -- Often the higher the stakes and the greater
00:07  the degree of importance to us. The more people need something
00:10  with resistance it's the stuff Democrats in session is made up
00:14  whether or work out or -- financial planning session twenty minutes
00:17  can make a real difference. Most financial planners say retired households
00:21  spend about 80%. Of what working households do. Why one reason
00:25  is the assumption that you won't be driving to work or
00:27  need that -- portrait. But overall that's not a big drop
00:30  off and the cash to fund later years have to compete
00:33  somewhere. Bottom line winging it is just too risky here's the
00:37  good news in as little as twenty minutes you could make
00:39  some significant strides. According to the financial experts we spoke with.
00:44  Here's their advice step number one conduct a quick reality check
00:49  start finding a free calculator on -- There are lots of
00:52  terrific ones and plugging in various data points as one of
00:55  the quickest ways to gauge where things stand. Source include most
00:59  major banking sites along with fidelity AARP TI AEA craft vanguard
01:04  and Schwab. You don't have to be an existing customers --
01:07  many of the tools provided by the site. Number two --
01:11  with the numbers. Let's put some real mapped against retirement scenarios.
01:15  For instance if you happen 30000 dollars in the workplace retirement
01:19  plan as a today. And -- adding 250 dollars on a
01:23  monthly basis often based on an automatic payroll deduction happens automatically.
01:28  If you weren't 6% on that money they're reasonable assumption for
01:31  investing in many retirement plan options and and the power of
01:35  compound interest kicks it. After twenty years your portfolio total would
01:40  grow to about 2101000. Dollars. If you increase your contribution by
01:45  100 dollars a month it could field an extra 46%. Compound
01:51  interest makes your balanced growth faster and it's one of the
01:54  single most important components of retirement strategy. And more time the
01:58  money has to work and the higher the number it's working
02:01  went the more you benefit which is why an early start
02:04  and contributing as much as you can so he. Playing around
02:07  with the calculators really demonstrates the impact. Number three set goals
02:12  and make -- personalized plan that's highly specific got two minutes
02:16  here. The first schedule an appointment with an advisor it's important
02:20  to know how they're going to be compensated in the there's
02:22  often no fee for the initial consultation. The more you know
02:26  about retirement planning the more strategic -- can be it can
02:29  also log on as they gassed. On some of the major
02:32  web site and use their automated tools beyond the calculators to
02:36  generate customized action plan. Just follow the prompts the last few
02:40  series of questions income agents at track and you'll get a
02:43  readout of where you are. -- where you like to be
02:46  would suggest adjustments to make I did it just this week
02:49  was compelled to make several changes for USA today which analysts.

Comcast inks deal to simplify drop-off of old cable boxComcast Corporation
Xfinity customers can drop off equipment for free at UPS stores
Comcast said on Tuesday it made a deal with UPS to allow its Xfinity customers to drop off company equipment at any of the 4,400 UPS Stores nationwide.
Comcast said the equipment can be returned without wrapping or a box and that UPS would ship it for free to Comcast. As an added bonus, UPS will give customers a tracking number.
"This is all about convenience for our customers," Tom Karinshak, Comcast Cable's senior vice president of customer service, said in a statement.

SIAM defends Maruti and Nissan says cars meet Indian safety normsSIAM defends Maruti and Nissan says cars meet Indian safety norms
Gold rises as dollar drops  breaks four-day dropGold rises as dollar drops  breaks four-day drop
Attack on rapper Freddie Gibbs injures two outside top New York recordstorePrint
By: Agence-France Presse | New York | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:08 am
A gunman targeted rapper Freddie Gibbs outside his performance at New York’s largest record store, injuring two of his companions, police and reports said today.
The assailant opened fire after the rapper, known for his dark tales of street life, left his sold-out show yesterday night at Rough Trade, a branch of the famous London store in Brooklyn’s hipster haven of Williamsburg.
Two men inside Gibbs’ car were hospitalized for bullet wounds. One, who is 29, was being treated for injuries to his left leg, while the other, 33, was shot in the right hand and later discharged, a police spokeswoman said.
Police were investigating the incident and have not made arrests, she said.
Gibbs was not injured. He posted a picture of himself on Twitter with the message, “Yep. Still Livin. Thanks NYC.”
The New York Post said one of its reporters spoke to Gibbs soon after the shooting and that he likened the incident to the 1996 killing in Las Vegas of hip-hop icon Tupac Shakur.
“They tried to kill Tupac. They tried to kill me,” he was quoted as saying without further speculating on the motive.
The report said the gunman had trailed Gibbs throughout the night and tried to blend in with his entourage.
Gibbs has won critical acclaim for his accounts of rough street life in his hometown of Gary, Indiana – best known musically as the birthplace of the Jackson Five, but which has decayed as the steel industry declines.
On his latest album, “Pinata,” made with fellow musician Madlib, Gibbs raps about street killings and dealing drugs. But a hit from the album, “Harold’s,” is a comparatively light and upbeat ode to Harold’s Chicken Shack, a fried chicken chain on Chicago’s South Side.
“A plate of chicken with the bread stuck to the bottom / But fuck my enemies / What are you looking for, bitch? / I got ‘em,” runs the refrain.
Rough Trade NYC opened a year ago in Williamsburg, with New York’s biggest record store and an attached concert hall and bar amid a resurgence in vinyl sales. No spectators were injured in yesterday’s shooting.

Marshall Goldsmith - What I Learned about Influence from Peter Druckerreddit
"The great majority of people tend to focus downward. They are occupied with efforts rather than results. They worry over what the organization and their superiors 'owe' them and should do for them. And they are conscious above all of the authority they 'should have.' As a result they render themselves ineffectual." -- Peter Drucker
You can make a positive difference, even when you do not have direct line authority.
Here are 11 guidelines that will help you do a better job of influencing decision-makers, whether these decision-makers are immediate or upper managers, peers or cross-organizational colleagues.
Accept the Facts: Every decision that affects our lives will be made by the person who has the power to make that decision, not the "right" person or the "smartest" person or the "best" person. Make peace with this fact. Once we make peace with the fact that the people who have the power to make the decisions always make the decisions and we get over whining that "life isn't fair," we become more effective in influencing others and making a positive difference. We also become happier.
Realize You Must Sell Your Ideas. When presenting ideas to decision-makers, realize that it is your responsibility to sell, not their responsibility to buy. In many ways, influencing ultimate decision-makers is similar to selling products or services to external customers. They don't have to buy--you have to sell. No one is impressed with salespeople who blame their customers for not buying their products. While the importance of taking responsibility may seem obvious in external sales, an amazing number of people in large corporations spend countless hours blaming management for not buying their ideas. A key part of the influence process involves the education of decision-makers. The effective influencer needs to be a good teacher.
Focus on contribution to the larger good--not just the achievement of your objectives. An effective salesperson would never say to a customer, "You need to buy this product, because if you don't, I won't achieve my objectives." Effective salespeople relate to the needs of the buyers, not to their own needs. In the same way, effective influencers relate to the larger needs of the organization, not just to the needs of their unit or team.
Strive to win the big battles. Don't waste your energy and psychological capital on trivial points. Executives' time is very limited. Do a thorough analysis of ideas before challenging the system. Focus on issues that will make a real difference. Be willing to lose on small points. Be especially sensitive to the need to win trivial non-business arguments on things like restaurants, sports teams, or cars. You are paid to do what makes a difference and to win on important issues. You are not paid to win arguments on the relative quality of athletic teams.
Present a realistic "cost-benefit" analysis of your ideas--don't just sell benefits. Every organization has limited resources, time, and energy. The acceptance of your idea may well mean the rejection of another idea that someone else believes is wonderful. Be prepared to have a realistic discussion of the costs of your idea.
"Challenge up" on issues involving ethics or integrity--never remain silent on ethics violations. The best of corporations can be severely damaged by only one violation of corporate integrity. I hope you will never be asked to do anything by the management of your corporation that represents a violation of corporate ethics. If you are, refuse to do it and immediately let upper management know of your concerns. Try to present your case in a manner that is intended to be helpful, not judgmental.
Realize that powerful people also make mistakes. Don't say, "I am amazed that someone at this level..." It is realistic to expect decision-makers to be competent; it is unrealistic to expect them to be anything other than normal humans. Even the best of leaders are human. We all make mistakes. When your managers make mistakes, focus more on helping them than judging them.
Don't be disrespectful. Treat decision-makers with the same courtesy that you would treat customers. While it is important to avoid kissing up to decision-makers, it is just as important to avoid the opposite reaction. Before speaking, it is generally good to ask one question from four perspectives. "Will this comment help 1) our company 2) our customers 3) the person I am talking to, and 4) the person I am talking about?" If the answers are no, no, no, and no, don't say it!
Support the final decision. Don't tell direct reports, "They made me tell you." Assuming that the final decision of the organization is not immoral, illegal, or unethical, go out and try to make it work. Managers who consistently say, "They told me to tell you" to co-workers are seen as messengers, not leaders. Treat decision-makers the same way that you would want to be treated if the roles were reversed. If you stab your boss in the back in front of your direct reports, what are you teaching them to do when they disagree with you?
Make a positive difference--don't just try to "win" or "be right." We can easily become more focused on what others are doing wrong than on how we can make things better. An important guideline in influencing up is to always remember your goal: making a positive difference for the organization. Focus on making a difference. The more other people can be "right" or "win" with your idea, the more likely your idea is to be successfully executed.
Focus on the future--let go of the past. One of the most important behaviors to avoid is whining about the past. Have you ever managed someone who incessantly whined about how bad things are? Nobody wins. Successful people love getting ideas aimed at helping them achieve their goals for the future. By focusing on the future, you can concentrate on what can be achieved tomorrow, not what was not achieved yesterday.
In summary, think of the years that you have spent "perfecting your craft." Think of all of the knowledge that you have accumulated. Think about how your knowledge can potentially benefit your organization. How much energy have you invested in acquiring all of this knowledge? How much energy have you invested in learning to present this knowledge to decision-makers so that you can make a real difference? My hope is that by making a small investment in learning to influence decision-makers, you can make a large, positive difference for the future of your organization.
*     *     *
Please view the Marshall Goldsmith Thinkers50 Video Blog . The next short video in the series Coaching for Leaders: Marshall Goldsmtih-What I learned about Influence from Peter Drucker accompanies this article. I'll post these blogs once a week for the next 50 weeks. The series will incorporate learnings from my 38 years of experience with top executives, as well as material from my previous research, articles and books, including What Got You Here Won't Get You There, MOJO, Coaching for Leadership, and Succession: Are You Ready? The blogs will also include material from my exciting new research on engagement and my upcoming book Triggers (to be published by Crown in 2015).
Follow Marshall Goldsmith on Twitter: www.twitter.com/coachgoldsmith
More:

A year after  Delhi to go for polls againA year after  Delhi to go for polls again
UPDATE 1-White House says it regrets Russia s absence from nuclear summit meetingsUPDATE 1-White House says it regrets Russia s absence from nuclear summit meetings
Morris the Cat  is back'Morris the Cat' is back. Make room, 'Grumpy Cat.'
New Morris the Cat
FCB Chicago
The new Morris the Cat appearing in a digital-only campaign for 9Lives cat food.
The new Morris the Cat appearing in a digital-only campaign for 9Lives cat food. (FCB Chicago)
9Lives brings Morris back for another life, online
From a Hinsdale shelter to stardom, Morris the Cat is a Chicago story. So is his relaunch.
Move over "Grumpy Cat." Morris, the original finicky feline and star of countless TV commercials, is back to take his place among digital "It Cat" contenders online.
Created by Chicago-based Leo Burnett in 1969, Morris — as cats do — has had several lives as the spokescat for 9Lives cat food. The latest incarnation is a digital-only campaign with all the contemporary accouterments: Twitter, Facebook and Instagram accounts, a blog and an interactive video, hoping to connect with cat fanciers online.
"We wanted to reboot Morris for the older consumers who are very fond of him, but also bring him back in a way that's culturally relevant for today's consumer," said Carrie Schliemann, business director for cat food and snacks at Big Heart Pet Brands. "Cats rule the Internet, and online is where consumers are right now."
0
Morris, and 9Lives, are owned by San Francisco-based Big Heart, formerly part of Del Monte Foods, which launched in February as the nation's largest stand-alone pet food company. Big Heart's other products include Milk-Bone, Meow Mix, Natural Balance and Kibbles 'n Bits. The privately held company generated revenue of $2.19 billion last year, according to financial statements.
The relaunched campaign with the iconic orange tabby began this month, a $2 million ad budget with sky high social media aspirations. The campaign is the work of San Francisco-based digital agency Evolution Bureau, with the support of FCB Chicago, among others. Chicago-based Starcom is heading up media buying.
While the new campaign has a paw in the West Coast, "Morris the Cat" is at its core a Chicago story, with a rags-to-riches pedigree.
According to the Tribune's reporting from the 1960s, Morris — originally known as Lucky — was discovered and adopted by animal trainer Bob Martwick at the Hinsdale Humane Society. Martwick, a Lombard resident who worked extensively in the advertising business, took the cat to an audition for a 9Lives commercial and, well ... a star was born.
"He jumped on the table ... and he walked right up to the art director, the big cheese, and bumped him in the head. And then Morris just sat back," Martwick said according to his 2001 obituary in the Los Angeles Times. "The art director said, 'This is the Clark Gable of cats.'"
The original Morris made dozens of TV commercials from 1969 until his death in 1978. The spots featured actor John Erwin voicing the thoughts of the caustic cat, who would barely tolerate the playful entreaties of his owner until she said don't be finicky and offered up 9Lives.
The cat with attitude spawned countless media appearances, including a role in the 1973 movie "Shamus," starring Burt Reynolds. He also paved the way for other feline stars from "Garfield," the cartoon cat created in 1978, to "Grumpy Cat," the reigning online cat star who recently inked a movie deal.
The new Morris campaign will be looking for similar social traction and is banking on earned media to help sell a variety of 9Lives products.
While Morris will still have attitude, he is cast as choosy more than finicky, Schliemann said.
"The old Morris was more finicky and could be a little bit negative at times," Schliemann said. "We're re-establishing Morris as much more positive. He's a discerning cat, but discerning in a positive way."
The inaugural offering is an interactive video called "Cat's Eye View," in which Morris dons wearable tech glasses and leads viewers on a wisecracking journey through his house, ending as the TV commercials of yore, with an eager dash to his bowl for his 9Lives.
An EVB copywriter provides the voice of the new Morris, who also shares another important link to the original storyline. The new feline star was also rescued from a shelter, Schliemann said.

We expect rate cut of 25 bps in next RBI policy meet: C V R RajendranWe expect rate cut of 25 bps in next RBI policy meet: C V R Rajendran
http://usat.ly/1EgacYiFactory orders slip in September
Orders to U.S. factories declined in September, dragged by falling demand in the volatile aircraft category.
Post to Facebook
Factory orders slip in September Orders to U.S. factories declined in September, dragged by falling demand in the volatile aircraft category. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tXSTb8
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Factory orders slip in September
Josh Boak, AP 2:58 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Bottles of Brooklyn Local 2 are loaded on to a conveyor for labeling at the Brooklyn Brewery, in the Williamsburg section of the Brooklyn borough of New York.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
5 CONNECT 13 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — Orders to U.S. factories declined in September, dragged by falling demand in the volatile aircraft category.
The Commerce Department said Tuesday that orders retreated 0.6% in September, after having plunged 10% in August, also due largely to plummeting demand for aircraft.
There are usually dramatic monthly swings in demand for aircraft, which before falling in September and August had soared by 315.6% in July. Excluding the volatile transportation sector, factory orders have been flat for the past two months.
Orders at aluminum, iron and steel mills rose in September, as did demand for furniture and motor vehicles. But those gains were offset, in part, by declining orders for construction machinery, electronics products and consumer goods.
Despite the decrease in orders, other manufacturing indicators point toward strengthening factories.
The Institute for Supply Management, a trade group of purchasing managers, reported Monday that its manufacturing index climbed to 59 in October from 56.6 in September. Any reading above 50 signals expansion. The gains match a three-year high previously reached in August and marks a solid rebound from a September decline.
The survey behind the index showed that orders, productivity and hiring each improved at a faster clip in October than the prior month.
Separately, the Federal Reserve reported last month that U.S. manufacturing output rose in September. Factory production rose 0.5% in September after falling 0.5% in August.
Furniture-making increased 2.4% in September, while aerospace products climbed 1.7%. Production of clothing, chemicals and computers also improved.
Factories have added 161,000 jobs over the past 12 months. The job gains have helped a solid streak of hiring that has pushed the unemployment rate down to 5.9% from 7.2% a year ago.
Stronger domestic demand for manufactured goods has offset what appears to be less demand from China and Europe, where an economic slowdown has caused the dollar to rise and make American-made products more expensive for foreign buyers.
5 CONNECT 13 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tXSTb8
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

26 IAS officers promoted to spl secylevelPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:22 am
In a major late-night bureaucratic reshuffle, the Centre Tuesday promoted 26 IAS officials to Special Secretary level and shifted 35 Joint Secretaries.
While senior IAS officers Rajiv Nayan Choubey and Devendra Chaudhary have been made Special Secretaries in the Ministry of Power, Anjuly Chib Duggal has been appointed as Special Secretary in Department of Expenditure in Finance Ministry.
Uttar Pradesh-cadre IAS officer Rajive Kumar has been appointed as Special Secretary in Petroleum and Natural Gas ministry while Haryana-cadre officer Madhusudan Prasad as Special Secretary in Commerce and Industry ministry. Uttar Pradesh-cadre officer Vrinda Sarup has been appointed as Special Secretary, Department of School Education in HRD Ministry. Gujarat-cadre officer Rita A Teaotia will now be Special Secretary in Department of Telecommunications. Tamil Nadu-cadre officer Shashi Shekhar is now Special Secretary in ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change.
Haryana-cadre IAS officer Rajiv Arora, currently Joint Secretary in the Department of Commerce, has been shifted to the national intelligence grid or NATGRID in the same capacity. Himachal Pradesh-cadre officer Ram Subhag Singh who was current serving as Joint Secretary in Department of Defence has been posted as the Managing Director of NAFED.
Puneet Kansal, currently a Director in Power ministry, has been appointed as Joint Secretary in the Information & Broadcasting Ministry. Tamil Nadu-cadre officer R Jaya, currently Member Secretary in NCTE under Department of School Education & Literacy, has also been appointed as a JS in I&B Ministry.

Anupriya skips mothers programme inVaranasiPrint
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:10 am
The ongoing rift in Apna Dal continued on Tuesday with party’s Mirzapur MP Anupriya Patel and her loyalists skipping the party’s annual foundation day programme in Varanasi, which was organised by her mother and party’s national president Krishna Patel.
In a statement through media secretary Dinesh Shukla, Anupriya said that she has chosen not to attend the programme keeping in mind the “unconstitutional steps” taken by her mother recently. “The decisions taken by party’s national president Krishna Patel are not in the best interest of the party; Krishna Patel is not working on the principles set by Sone Lal Patel and one doesn’t have to resort to nepotism to run a party,” Anupriya said, referring to her father and party founder who died in October 2009.
In her address in Varanasi, Krishna Patel, however, refrained from commenting on Anupriya, instead exhorting workers to strengthen the party’s base. “The party workers have been asked to carry out membership drive actively. It has been decided to make 1,000 life-members and 25,000 regular members in each assembly constituency,” Krishna told The Indian Express. “Anupriya is just a child who is being misled by some people, hopefully all this will be resolved soon,” she said.
Party workers said many Anupriya loyalists, such as Vishwanathganj MLA and state president R K Verma, did not go to the programme.
The rift in the party, which is a BJP ally and has two MPs, surfaced last month when Anupriya had questioned Krishna Patel’s decision to elevate Anupriya’s elder sister Pallavi Patel as party vice-president, saying that the decision was illegal and arbitrary. Later, levelling allegations of indiscipline, Krishna removed Anupriya as party’s general secretary.

Motorola Solutions raises buyback program by $5 billionMotorola Solutions raises buyback program by $5 billion
Greg Brown
Greg Brown, CEO of Motorola Solutions
Greg Brown, CEO of Motorola Solutions (Handout)
By Arathy S Nair and Anya George Tharakan, Reuters
Motorola Solutions, Inc. Motorola Mobility Lenovo Group Ltd. NYSE Euronext, Inc. Zebra Technologies Corporation
Motorola Solutions Inc reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit as it slashed costs, and the maker of walkie-talkies and radio systems raised its share buyback authorization by $5 billion.
Motorola Solutions has about $600 million remaining from its earlier $7 billion buyback program, and the new authorization takes the total to $12 billion since July 2011.
The company's total operating expenses from continuing operations fell 9 percent in the quarter ended Sept. 27, Chief Financial Officer Gino A. Bonanotte said on a conference call.
0
Motorola said it expected to cut costs by more than $200 million in 2014 and was on track to save $300 million by the end of 2015.
The company's shares rose 2.8 percent to $66.50 in early trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
Motorola, which completed the sale of its enterprise business to Zebra Technologies Corp for $3.45 billion in October, forecast a 1-3 percent fall in fourth-quarter sales due to weak government spending.
Sales to government agencies such as fire and police departments accounted for 69 percent of Motorola Solutions' sales in 2013.
The rest came from its enterprise business, which makes rugged mobile computers, tablets and barcode scanners.
Motorola Solutions' net income fell to $147 million, or 59 cents per share, in the quarter 27 from $307 million, or $1.16 per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company earned 62 cents per share
Revenue fell 5.3 percent to $1.44 billion.
Analysts on average had expected a profit of 41 cents per share on revenue of $1.39 billion.
Motorola Solutions is not related to smartphone maker Motorola Mobility, which is now owned by China's Lenovo Group Ltd.
Up to Monday's close, the company's stock had fallen about 4 pct this year.
(Reporting by Arathy S Nair and Anya George Tharakan in Bangalore; Editing by Ted KerrEditing by Robin Paxton)

Even as indices touch new highs  IPOs remaincoolPrint
Written by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:39 am
The near-absence of initial public offerings despite a 32 per cent jump in the benchmark Sensex at the Bombay Stock Exchange in the calendar 2014 seems to be an aberration of sorts, as rising indices in the past have led to hectic activity in the primary market with companies lining up public issues and getting listed.
Monthly IPO data accessed from Prime Database shows that the 10-month period ended October 2014, saw only four companies coming out with their IPO to raise a total of Rs 850 crore even though the stock markets jumped by over 30 per cent.
Against this, past years saw a jump in the IPO activity in line with the rise in equity markets. In the other three calendar years in the past — 2006, 2007 and 2009 — when the equity markets rose by over 30 per cent a large number of companies queued up with their issues and raised over Rs 19,000 crore.
While the maximum number of IPOs numbering 100 came in the year 2007 (raising Rs 34,179 crore), the year 2010 saw 64 companies raising an aggregate of Rs 37,534 crore, the highest in a calendar year.
The benchmark Sensex however had risen by only 17.4 per cent in 2010 and the momentum that picked up in 2009 after a sharp revival in markets continued in 2010 resulting into huge IPO mobilisation.
The IPO activity this year has been subdued and has defied the experts’ view that the bull run in the equity markets in India is here for the long run. However, there is hope for a revival in the IPO market.
The CEO of a leading investment banking firm, who did not wish to be named said that a regulatory check is doing a nice filtering job and is raising multiple queries in the approval process to safeguard the small investor.
“Both the regulator and the investors have become smart. The regulator is doing a close check of all the companies coming up with their issues. Free pricing is not allowed anymore and good businesses with good governance and right pricing only seem to be getting the regulator’s nod and that is a filter stopping too many companies to come with their public offering,” said the official.
There are others who feel that the IPO activity is set to witness a revival as several merchant bankers are in the process of filing the offer documents with the regulator.
The month of September witnessed 9 companies file their offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Board of India to raise over Rs 3,500 crore and are awaiting the awaiting the regulators nod.
November and December are expected to see a significant rise in the number of IPO draft document filings with the regulator.
“While the disinvestment activity is expected to take off in the balance part of the fiscal 2014-15, several banks are also currently working on IPO mandates of various private sector companies…and these are expected to be filed with the regulator in the coming months. The period between January and continued…

Pak using militants to counter IndianarmyBy: Press Trust of India | Washingon | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:37 am
In a blunt assessment of terrorist safe havens in Pakistan, the Pentagon has told the US Congress that the country is using militant groups as proxies to counter the superior Indian military.
“Afghan and Indian-focused militants continue to operate from Pakistani territory to the detriment of Afghan and regional stability. Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India’s superior military,” the Pentagon told the Congress in its latest six-monthly report on the current situation in Afghanistan.
“These relationships run counter to Pakistan’s public commitment to support Afghan-led reconciliation. Such groups continue to act as primary irritant in Afghan-Pakistan bilateral relations,” the Pentagon said in the report running into more than 100 pages.
Referring to the attack on the Indian consulate in Herat, the Pentagon said this was done just ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister. “In May of this reporting period, the Indian consulate in Herat province was attacked by a group of four heavily armed militants.
The attack came three days prior to the swearing-in of the new Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who is perceived as being close to Hindu nationalist groups, a fact that may have played into the timing of the attack,” it said.
“In June, the US Department of State announced that Lashkar-e-Taiba was responsible for the attack. Following the attack, former Afghan President Karzai denounced the attack and made strong statements supporting relations with India,” the report said.
The Pentagon informed the Congress that India continues to support Afghanistan, believing a secure and stable Afghanistan will benefit the region and facilitate economic corridors into Central Asia.
“India and Afghanistan signed a strategic partnership declaration in 2011, which formalised cooperation on governance, economics, commerce, education, and security and law enforcement,” it said.
Subsequent engagements are reinforcing the positive relationship between Afghanistan and India, the report said. “India supports a range of high-visibility projects and initiatives in Afghanistan. These ventures are focused primarily on major infrastructure projects, including electricity generation and transmission, road construction, and mining,” it said.
India calls report global recognition
New Delhi: India Tuesday described the Pentagon report as a manifestation of growing acknowledgment globally of the extent of the neighbouring country’s involvement in international terrorism. Reacting to the Pentagon report, official spokesperson in External Affairs Ministry Syed Akbaruddin said, “It manifests a growing acknowledgment in the international community of the extent of Pakistan’s involvement in international terrorism.”

US appeals court takes on NSA surveillancecaseIn this file photo, Larry Klayman speaks in Melbourne.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:35 am
Three US appeals court judges struggled Tuesday over whether the National Security Agency’s phone data surveillance program is an intelligence-gathering tool that makes the nation safer or an intrusive threat that endangers privacy.
The judges – all appointed by Republican presidents – expressed uncertainty about where to draw the line between legal surveillance and violations of constitutional rights in the age of terrorism.
Since 2006, the FBI has obtained orders from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court directing phone companies to produce telephone “metadata” – outgoing phone numbers dialed and numbers from incoming calls – to the government.
The NSA consolidates the records into a searchable database in the hunt for terror suspects.
During the hour-and-a-half hearing, Judge David Sentelle questioned whether it is an invasion of privacy if the NSA simply collects the data, stopping short of using it.
Is it not an invasion “with mere collection?” asked Sentelle.
It is not, replied Justice Department lawyer H. Thomas Byron.
Arguing against the NSA program, activist attorney Larry Klayman disputed Byron, telling Judge Janice Rogers Brown that “collection is enough” to justify pursuing the lawsuit against the government.
It is Klayman’s legal burden to show that he has been harmed by the program – an issue that threatens to derail his lawsuit and which clearly frustrated him during the court proceeding. The issue comes down to Klayman having to prove that his phone company was a participant in the NSA surveillance. Klayman is a Verizon Wireless customer, but the government has acknowledged only that a separate Verizon company turned over records to the government.
“This is not an insignificant matter” with the “government standing over our shoulder. I can’t talk on my phone with my clients,” Klayman lamented.
Isn’t the sweep of phone numbers in the program “virtually universal?” appeals judge Stephen Williams asked Byron, the Justice Department lawyer. “And if that’s the case, is it safe to assume that Verizon Wireless numbers are brought in?”
“The government doesn’t and never has acquired all or nearly all of the telephone call data records,” Byron replied.
Klayman won the first round in December when US District Judge Richard Leon, a Republican appointee, ruled that the NSA’s surveillance program likely runs afoul of the Constitution’s ban on unreasonable searches. The government is seeking to have Leon’s ruling thrown out.
Former NSA systems analyst Edward Snowden revealed the phone data collection effort a year and a half ago, triggering a debate over privacy rights and surveillance.
In New York, the US Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit recently heard arguments in an appeal of a judge’s opinion that found the surveillance program legal.
The three appeals judges in the Washington case have generally come down on the government’s side on national security issues.
Sentelle permitted the George W. Bush administration to withhold names and other details about hundreds of foreigners detained in the months after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist continued…

Two injured in terror attacks inJ&KPrint
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:26 am
Ahead of the assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir, suspected militants hurled two rifle grenades towards a CRPF bunker in Sopore. Barely seven hours later, a police vehicle in south Kashmir was indiscriminately fired at and a policewoman and a civilian were injured. Following the attacks, police and paramilitary forces have been put on alert. Police officials said early Tuesday morning, militants attacked he CRPF bunker at Iqbal market in Sopore town with two grenades.

A laptop  a nosey offie  and an email about GangulyMore
Harbhajan has some more nasty stories about Chappell
Former India spinner caught his coach writing a spiteful email about Ganguly during the Zimbabwe episode of 2005.
By News Desk | Yahoo! Cricket –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014 6:54 PM IST
Tweet
0
It’s Bash Your Ex-coach season. An uncharitable passage about Greg Chappell from Sachin Tendulkar’s upcoming book has triggered reactions from key members of the Indian team from that era. Now, it’s Harbhajan Singh ’s turn to share his version of what went on during the controversial tour of Zimbabwe in 2005 during which Chappell asked Sourav Ganguly to step down as captain.
Harbhajan alleged that some members of the team provided "selective misinformation" to the Australian coach. It was a time which "temporarily destroyed Indian cricket", he said.
'Some players sucked up to Greg, passed on selective misinformation'."Chappell destroyed Indian cricket to such an extent that it required at least three years to again get back on track. The worst part was some players in that team, who sucked up to the coach and would supply selective misinformation creating bigger rifts," Harbhajan told PTI after an excerpt from Tendulkar's autobiography ‘Playing It My Way’ said Chappell behaved like a “ringmaster” during his tenure.
ALSO READ -- Why Tendulkar's New Book Could Be A Big Bore
Harbhajan didn’t reveal the names of these players.
"When the right time comes, the names will be revealed. Some people thought that just blindly following Chappell would do them world of good without realising that Indian cricket was going nowhere," he said.
Harbhajan then shared a story about catching Chappell writing an email to the BCCI about Ganguly while the Bulawayo Test was going on.
“Sourav was batting out there in the middle and this man was typing a critical e-mail against Sourav, sitting right there in that dressing room. He had no interest in the proceedings of the match. How did I get to know, I was sitting next to him and had a suspicion. Once he went to the washroom, I peeped into his laptop and the mail was lying open. I was stunned to see the contents,” Harbhajan said.
“Once Sourav came back, I told him about this e-mail and he seemed unaware and equally shocked.”  
“There were seven guys that he wanted to get rid of. Sourav was his primary target followed by myself, Virender Sehwag, Ashish Nehra, Zaheer Khan and Yuvraj Singh.”
“He was supposed to take India to the next level in international cricket. But during that phase, there was one point of time, we were playing like U-14s.”
“It was a time, when during tours, we were scared of each other. We couldn't confide our feelings, anguish or despair because we could not simply trust each other. The atmosphere was so claustrophobic.”
Harbhajan cited as instance from the Kingston Test of 2006 as an example of Chappell’s hurtful behavior.
“In the first innings, West Indies were out for 103 and I took 5 for 13. When we came back to the dressing room, there wasn't even a pat on the back or ‘well bowled’. Instead he congratulated another bowler I don't wish to name. It was insulting. He always had a target of dropping me but unlike others, he couldn’t do that with me. His anger? Because I stood by Sourav, when he (Chappell) was taking it on him. Sourav built an Indian team between 2001 and 2005 while Chappell destroyed it entirely.
“He used players against each other, used the erstwhile BCCI officials according to his needs, created an atmosphere which no one would wants to remember. He imported negativity with his stature,” said Harbhajan.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

MobileIron Delivers Support for Android 5.0MobileIron Delivers Support for Android 5.0
Get the best of both worlds: equity and debtGet the best of both worlds: equity and debt
FIIs turn choosy  hike stake in 15 Sensex firms in Q2FIIs turn choosy  hike stake in 15 Sensex firms in Q2
Owens Realty Mortgage  Inc. Schedules Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference CallOwens Realty Mortgage  Inc. Schedules Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call
Three ways to boost growth in IndiaThree ways to boost growth in India
Brent crude hits 4-year low as Saudi cuts pricesBrent crude hits 4-year low as Saudi cuts prices
Corporates to pump in Rs14k cr towards CSR in 2014-15: JaitleyCorporates to pump in Rs14k cr towards CSR in 2014-15: Jaitley
Burkina Faso s military promises to hand over power to a  consensus  govtPrint
Lt. Col. Issac Yacouba Zida, looks down during a press briefing in the city of Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, Monday, Nov. 3, 2014. Burkina Faso's military says it will hand over to a transitional government under a leader chosen by all sectors of society, to fill the power vacuum since long-time president Blaise Compaore resigned and fled. Lt. Col. Isaac Yacouba Zida met with diplomats Monday and announced the country will be led by "a transitional body within the constitutional framework." (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Ouagadougou | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:04 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 10:37 am
Burkina Faso’s military has promised to hand power to a “consensus” leader following the popular uprising that toppled Blaise Compaore, as African nations gave the regime two weeks to return to civilian rule. The army has stepped into a power vacuum left by Compaore, who was forced to resign last week in the wake of violent demonstrations over attempts to extend his 27-year-rule.
The Burkina military has named Lieutenant Colonel Isaac Zida as interim head of state, sparking angry protests and prompting threats of sanctions from the international community. Zida has claimed that “power does not interest us” and pledged to install a unity government with a “broad consensus”.
But the African Union kept the pressure on, setting a 14-day deadline at a crisis meeting in Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa yesterday for Burkina’s military to give up power. “After that period we are going to apply sanctions,” said Simeon Oyono Esono, head of the AU’s Peace and Security Council.
“The African Union is convinced that the change has been against democracy.” Washington said it was still “gathering facts” on the situation but could yet withdraw its USD 14 million annual aid package to Burkina Faso. Former colonial power France said yesterday it hoped for an announcement on the return of civilian rule “in the coming hours”.
For elections to be held, “it must be a civilian power that does it”, said French President Francois Hollande on the sidelines of a visit to Quebec. Hollande also said France had been in direct contact with Compaore prior to his ouster last week. “I made a statement on Friday asking Blaise Compaore to make the right decision, that is to leave,” said Hollande, adding that France had intervened to ensure he escaped “without drama” although its personnel did not directly participate.
Compaore and his wife have taken refuge in neighbouring Ivory Coast where they are being put up in a luxury government mansion in the capital Yamoussoukro. Zida promised the new government would be continued…

Obama Syria Strategy In Tatters As U.S.-Backed Rebels Lose To Al QaedaSo Much For That: Obama Syria Strategy In Tatters As U.S.-Backed Rebels Lose To Al Qaeda
Posted:
Updated:
11/03/2014 12:59 pm EST
Jamal Maarouf, one of the Free Syrian Army commanders defeated by Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate over the weekend, during an interview with journalists in 2013. (DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS/AFP/Getty Images) | AFP via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON --  Moderate U.S.-backed Syrian rebels seemed weaker than ever on Monday after a weekend of major defeats in the northwestern region of the country, raising questions about the U.S.-led coalition's plan to arm and train the groups to fight the Islamic State -- and the international community's commitment to keeping the moderates relevant.
The rebel groups have received U.S. assistance through the CIA since last year . In September, Congress approved a plan to offer them expanded training and equipment.
But Syrian opposition figures had been warning for weeks that these plans meant little without immediate assistance from the U.S. and its partners to help rebels secure their limited territory in the north. This weekend's events bore out their fears. Now, the U.S.-led coalition's plans to support the moderate rebels will, to put it mildly, have to be reworked.
Al Qaeda's Syrian affiliate, Jabhat al-Nusra or the Nusra Front, defeated two of the most important U.S-backed rebel groups, the Syria Revolutionaries Front and Harakat Hazm, in Syria's northern Idlib province over the weekend, securing weapons and bases. The Nusra Front on Friday took over the Revolutionaries Front's last main base, the hometown of its leader, and Hazm withdrew from its own bases the day after .
Moderate rebel fighters , opposition activists and rebel media sources also said that scores of fighters from the rebel groups had defected and that the Nusra Front had secured weapons stockpiles. Nusra Front fighters boasted on Twitter that they now had anti-tank missiles, the most advanced weapon the U.S. has given moderate rebels, the Telegraph reported .
Charles Lister, a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center, told The Huffington Post that with the defeats in what had "consistently appeared a safe zone for purportedly pro-Western groups ... an era of Western influence [in Syria] may be coming to a close."
The al Qaeda affiliate's new level of control over the province will make it more difficult for moderate rebel groups to receive lethal assistance through the border crossings there, Lister said. Key pipelines for such assistance from Turkey, where CIA officials and representatives of other nations run a Military Operations Center to support vetted moderate Syrian rebels, run through Idlib.
The losses in northern Syria took place just 150 miles from the Kurdish town of Kobani, where the U.S.-led coalition has supported fighters on the ground by launching increasing rounds of airstrikes and helping backup arrive from Iraq.
The White House declined to comment on how these latest developments might alter its approach to the moderate rebels. A Department of Defense official told the Washington Post that while the Pentagon was monitoring the situation closely, it could not confirm reports from the ground. But in a major address last week , Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken made clear that the Obama administration's plan for the rebels was not likely to change, even as they became weaker on the ground.
Asked about aiding the vulnerable rebels, Blinken said , "There is a very methodical campaign plan that is in development, and indeed we're starting to roll out on, and we have to stick to the plan."
"Unfortunately, every day there is going to be in some part of Iraq or some part of Syria, a community that is under siege, under attack, and is looking for help," he added. "We can't be every place, every time."
Analysts told HuffPost that the Nusra Front ratcheted up its ambitions after the U.S.-led coalition began bombing targets in Syria -- including early strikes in September on a Nusra Front base hosting a top specialized al-Qaeda unit . Though the Nusra Front has been battling the Syrian Revolutionaries Front since the summer, it had previously cooperated with that group and other U.S.-backed rebels to fight against the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad and the Islamic State, also called ISIS.
But once the U.S. indicated that it would be targeting the Islamic State and strengthening the moderate rebels, but not attacking Assad, the Nusra Front’s calculus shifted, analysts said. Its chief goal became taking over territory to prove its strength, particularly compared to rival extremists in the Islamic State, before the moderates became empowered or the regime extended its control.
"Nusra wants to build an emirate. They're all feeling pressure to copy the ISIS model, which has been so successful in terms of local rule, because people are hungry for local rule," said Joshua Landis, the director of the Center for Middle East Studies at the University of Oklahoma and the founder of the Syria Comment blog. "People are hungry for order, and they don’t care who is providing it -- which was, I think, one of the strengths of ISIS."
One activist told the Washington Post the Nusra Front had gained local support because of the unpopularity of the U.S. strikes, with moderate rebels losing stature as they became identified with an airstrike campaign more interested in the stated U.S. goal of degrading the Islamic State than the goal that opposition Syrians share with the Nusra Front: defeating Assad.
Separate groups of moderate rebels are currently being squeezed between Assad's forces and the Islamic State in another part of northern Syria, Aleppo. But Syrian opposition figures and U.S. officials told HuffPost last week that assistance from the U.S.-led coalition seemed unlikely to come through there either, because of both a U.S. assurance to Iran that it would not target Assad's forces and distrust between the moderate rebels and their international backers.
A source within the Syrian opposition, speaking on background to discuss military strategy, told HuffPost over the weekend that despite the new losses, U.S. Central Command -- which determines the location of U.S. strikes in Syria -- has yet to establish direct contact with the moderate rebels battling the Nusra Front,  the Islamic State and Assad in northern Syria.
The rebels -- who are unofficially aligned in a coalition called the Free Syrian Army but are organized into largely autonomous brigades -- have made their own strategic mistakes, analysts noted.
Aymenn Jawad Al-Tamimi, who researches militants at the Interdisciplinary Center in Israel, told HuffPost that the Syria Revolutionaries Front "has only itself to blame for these losses" in Idlib. Al-Tamimi said the group underestimated the Nusra Front's territorial ambitions and alienated the local population because of its reported corruption.
The Free Syrian Army remains eager to fight the Nusra Front and other extremist elements in Syria, according to Oubai Shahbandar, a spokesman for the Syrian Opposition Coalition, which lobbies for international support for moderate rebels and the removal of Assad.
Maarouf, the leader of the Syria Revolutionaries Front, said in a video statement after his retreat that his group abandoned its villages only to avoid civilian casualties.
Shahbandar said that U.S.-led airstrikes are "urgently needed" in Idlib.
Early reports on the Idlib losses suggested that the Islamic State had aided the Nusra Front in its assault, and opposition figures made similar claims to HuffPost last week. But HuffPost could not independently verify those allegations, and the groups have a history of tension that would complicate any merger beyond a tactical alignment.
Also on HuffPost:

Pakistan forms team to probe Wagah suicide attackPrint
At least 61 people including, 10 women, eight children and three security personnel were killed on Sunday. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:07 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 4:27 pm
Pakistan has formed a joint investigation team to probe the deadly terror attack at Wagah border crossing and it has been asked to submit a report within three days.
The team comprising representatives of the Chenab Rangers, Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), Counter Terrorism Department, Special Branch and Punjab Police would thoroughly look into possible security lapse that allowed the suicide bomber to reach the venue.
Punjab Home Minister Shuja Khanzada said that team would submit its report within three days, Dawn newspaper reported.
He admitted that the authorities had been warned on October 31 of a terrorist attack in the provincial capital and that Wagah border was among the possible targets.
A Pakistani girl mourns next to the lifeless body of her father, who was killed in a Sunday suicide bombing. (Source: AP photo)
The information, he claimed, had been timely conveyed to the Rangers in whose jurisdiction the Wagah parade ground falls.
In the light of the information, two dozen more police personnel were deputed on the joint check-post.
The minister said it was not yet clear how the bomber managed to reach the spot after dodging the joint check-post of Rangers and police and a couple of pickets on the way.
He did not rule out involvement of a foreign hand.
At least 61 people including, 10 women, eight children and three security personnel were killed when a suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main gate of Wagah Border Parade Avenue yesterday.
More than 100 injured are being treated in various hospitals in Lahore.

US Navy SEALs warned against disclosing secretsPrint
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit. (Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:51 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 6:48 pm
The elite US Navy SEALs have been warned against betraying their promise to maintain secrecy and not speak to the media to gain “public notoriety and financial gain”, just days before the broadcast a documentary with a commando who claims to have shot Osama bin Laden in Pakistan.
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit.
The admonition is seemingly directed both at Matt Bissonnette – who revealed his role on the 2011 bin Laden mission with “60 Minutes” on Sunday – and at a SEAL at the center of an upcoming Fox News documentary.
The letter from Losey obtained by CNN was addressed to “teammates” and sought to shame those who sought public acclaim, reminding SEALs “the most important credit we can garner is the respect of our Teammates and Partners.”
“We do not abide willful or selfish disregard for our core values in return for public notoriety and financial gain,” Losey writes.
“Any real credit to be rendered is about the incredible focus, commitment, and teamwork of this diverse network and the years of hard work undertaken with little individual public credit. It is the nature of our profession,” he says.
The missive was first reported by SOFREP, a website that covers the Special Operations community.
The letter is not the first. Losey’s predecessor also sent a letter reminding SEALs to keep the confidence of the mission, the report said.
While Losey does not mention the slain, al Qaeda chief raid directly, it is the publication of those details and the mission to free the captured sailors of the Maersk Alabama in 2009 off the coast of Somalia that have gained much publicity.
SOFREP has identified the so-called “shooter” of bin Laden, who was the unnamed subject of a Esquire magazine article last year and whose identity will reportedly be revealed in an upcoming Fox News documentary.
The claims in the Esquire article were met with skepticism by those in the SEAL community who said the close quarters and darkness and intense shooting made it difficult to determine whose bullets killed bin Laden, the report said.
The Pentagon and Justice Department are conducting a criminal inquiry of Bissonnette and his bestselling book about the raid in Pakistan’s garrison city of Abbottabad. That inquiry has delayed a legal settlement between the government and the author over profits from the book.
Bissonnette did not seek the legally required government review before he published the book “No Easy Day” in 2012. The book recounts what he says is his role as one of the SEAL Team Six members who shot and continued…

Your Wikipedia searches can reveal national flu trendsBy Rachel Feltman November 4 Follow @rachelfeltman
What do you search for when you're sick? (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The next time you look up flu symptoms on Wikipedia, you might be helping experts track the virus's spread. Researchers are reporting success in using Wikipedia traffic -- specifically the traffic on pages related to flu -- to predict the infection trends of a flu season.
The Centers for Disease Control and Protection isn't great at tracking flu trends. Its data, which comes from the reporting of healthcare providers around the country, is always about two weeks behind -- so the agency gets a great picture of the flu season once it's over, but can't see spikes in diagnoses in real-time.
And even when health officials look at the big picture, CDC data only includes flu patients who sought treatment, leaving out the many who suffered through the virus at home. Since the flu takes anywhere from 3,000 to 49,000 U.S. lives each year, catching the actual peaks of infection can make a big difference.
A year ago, the CDC launched a competition to find better flu models, especially those using social media and Internet data. This recent model, led by Kyle Hickman of the Los Alamos National Laboratories, uses an algorithm to link flu-related Wikipedia searches with CDC data from the same time.
Once the researchers taught their algorithm how searches and diagnoses were connected, the model was able to predict the 2013-2014 flu season in real time.
This isn't the first successful use of Wikipedia in flu-tracking. In April, a PLOS Computational Biology study (by a different group of researchers) boasted a Wikipedia-based model. It was more accurate than Google's popular flu trend monitoring, which uses Google searches to predict cases of the flu. Google is generally considered the best real-time alternative to CDC data, but its results can be skewed by media hype: When lots of people are Googling "swine flu" because they've heard it's a threat, they'll trick Google Flu Trends into recording a much higher spike in infection.
It's possible, the PLOS researchers suggested, that people are more likely to go to Wikipedia articles when they're concerned about symptoms they have -- while Google might just be the first place to go when you're looking for news about a possible pandemic.
Neither of these algorithms is perfect, but it probably won't be long before our Web browsing histories are being used to track global disease trends.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Wedding dress shopping is terribleBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 4 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Every person who decides to have a wedding has his or her own encounters with the irrationalities and unfairness of the various industries dedicated to selling expensive white dresses, arranging flowers, catering dinners and selling monogrammed paper napkins and fans. When my colleague Catherine Rampell was a reporter at the New York Times, she launched an economics-minded investigation and concluded that “Bridezillas keep prices high for the rest of us,” their convictions that their marriages cannot be legal without Mason jars or Vera Wang dresses eliminating price elasticity and transparency.
We cannot all have Kate Middleton’s wedding dress, but we definitely deserve a better shopping experience. (Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images)
For me, the part of wedding planning that has made me feel most like an insane person (thus far) is shopping for a wedding dress. Even if you do not buy the idea that a wedding dress is the most important piece of clothing a woman will ever purchase, it is certainly likely to be among the most expensive. So why is every facet of the traditional wedding dress shopping process set up to make it incredibly difficult for women to make the decisions that are right for them?
Some of the ways in which wedding dress shopping is different from other retail experiences are petty. Certain salons, though not all of them, ban shoppers from taking pictures of themselves in dresses. I suppose I understand why an industry that sells extremely expensive, single-use items with a value that is hugely dependent on perception and sentiment would do this. If I were a bridal designer or retailer, I would be terrified that my potential clients were going to take pictures of my wares and combine practicality with fluttery feelings by asking a seamstress to recreate a dress at a more sensible price point.
But in more consequential ways, bridal retailers often seem to fail at being, well, retailers. I had two appointments with traditional bridal salons earlier this year. And while both had carpeted private changing rooms with boxes for me to stand on so I could pretend I was wearing high heels, and both had saleswomen assigned to me, neither store had the actual dresses I visited them to look at.
On the first trip, I made an appointment at a trunk show (for the uninitiated, an event where designers who do not normally stock their wares in stores bring samples to different cities) at a bridal salon that is part of a larger Washington clothing store. When I made the appointment, I asked specifically about trying on a certain design and was assured it would be available.
But when I showed up and stripped down to my Spanx, the designer’s representative told me that the dress was not available for sale anymore. Which would have been awesome to know before I stuck it on a Pinterest board, much less took off from work early and planned an additional trip to New York to try to track it down.
I tried another traditional bridal salon in Virginia on the strength of the pitch on its Web site: the store is the only local retailer that stocks a couple of brands of dresses that caught my eye. Only, when we got there, the saleswoman tartly informed me that they did not have a single dress from one designer in stock and that they only had a few by the others. Maybe, she suggested, I could come back in a few months when they got the new line in.
This lack of transparency — and why not be honest? — and concern for customers is not just a waste of our time and research energy. It is in direct contradiction with the idea that a wedding dress is important and special.
Apparently, when we show up with pages ripped out of bridal magazines and carefully curated Pin boards, we then are supposed to abandon all of our preferences and research and just fall in love with something else. This is your very special day! But your opinions do not really matter, and because you are a woman, you can be distracted by something else! Wheeee! Cosmos for everyone!
The best wedding dress shopping experiences I had occurred in more-crowded dressing rooms, where I had to share mirrors with other women who are getting married, and my friends had to wait for their entourages to vacate the few available seats. Unlike their snazzier counterparts, J.Crew and Anthropologie — which are relatively new entrants in the wedding dress game — sell dresses at price points that feel only marginally rather than seriously deranged. And when you go to their stores, they actually have the dresses that appear on their Web sites available for you to try on.
When H&M debuted a wedding line that consists of a single $99 dress earlier this year, Caitlin Dewey wrote that the offering “promotes — on a massive, mainstream scale — values that run opposite absolutely everything the wedding industry stands for. H&M is essentially telling brides that what they wear on their wedding day has no bearing on how much they love their spouse-to-be.”
Or maybe it is telling them that no matter what they spend, they deserve clarity about the potential selection and a decent return for what they are willing to shell out. It says a lot about the wedding industry’s failures that this still feels like a radical idea.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Get Ready To Welcome Back Matt Lauer s Beard For  No-Shave Todayreddit
The beards are back in town.
The men of NBC's "Today" will once again participate in "No-Shave November" -- aptly titled "No-Shave Today" in "Today" land -- to help raise awareness for men's health causes and also just to prove their rugged, burly, macho manliness to the clean-shaven masses.
Now, facial hair doesn't grow on trees (it grows on men), and there are a number of aesthetic factors that contribute to a perfectly manicured mustachio and beard. Bushiness, for example. Symmetry. Color and composition. The way the morning light reflects off of each individual hair. This month, Matt Lauer, Al Roker, Willie Geist and Carson Daly will all be periodically judged on these categories by the beard experts at HuffPost Media , as well as their ability to eat meals without getting bits of food caught in their whiskers.
Let the games begin.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
'Today' Hosts Through The Years
of

Missing the Warning Signs of Career Derailmentreddit
John was the acknowledged technical star of the executive team. The CEO considered him a qualified successor and his operational skills were impeccable. However, it seemed that John was operating with damaged interpersonal radar, and this worried the CEO the most. Essentially John was unable to read how his behaviors were negatively impacting his direct reports and other members of the executive team. In a sense, John had half the qualifications to lead the company.
John's career was in danger of being shut down in the prime of its life before he reached the limits of his intellectual and operational competencies. There were five specific behaviors that he frequently used with his direct reports and other executives:
Threatening: John often threatened people whose ideas did not match his own. His communication included such phrases as, "If you don't then..." or "You'd better, or...". His comments frequently resulted in resentment, anger and, on one occasion, outright rebellion.
Preaching: John would frequently quote some vague academic authority and expect others to accept the information as fact. He would then take this quote and use the following language, "You should..."; "You ought to..." or "It is your responsibility..." in an attempt to create obligation and perhaps feelings of guilt. This caused other executives to resist and defend their position aggressively.
Judging: John was very subtle about the way he judged others. He usually made his judgments sound more like evaluations or supportive suggestions. He would often use a question. For example; "What is a more strategic way of looking at this issue?" For his direct reports he was more direct, suggesting: "You are not thinking maturely..." or "You are lazy...," which implied that the recipient was perhaps incompetent or stupid.
Ridiculing: John wouldn't ridicule a person to his or her face directly. Instead he would do this with other executives or direct reports who he believed were aligned with him. They weren't always aligned. He would often label people as a "crybaby" or "Dr.," if he questioned their intellectual capacity.
Diagnosing: John's most extreme interpersonal failing was diagnosing the motives of other executives or direct reports. He would then provide an analysis of why the person was doing the things they were doing. In essence he was playing one-up on other people to parade his self-perceived superiority. He did this without any professional psychological qualifications.
When confronted with his behaviors, his response was, "I'm just kidding, no one takes me seriously." Sadly, others took these comments very seriously. On more than one occasion, John needed to replace a qualified direct report who had left the company, primarily because of him.
Failure to create and sustain effective interpersonal relationships (social intelligence) with others is often the driver of executive derailment. Personality clashes with subordinates or other executives and an inability to adapt can drive a wedge between colleagues in a team environment. It is also one of the major causes of subordinates leaving the company.
Nobody is immune from career derailment but there are warning signs. Derailment may appear to occur abruptly, but in fact it's usually a consequence of consistent behavior over time. Failing to prepare, to grow personally and professionally, and to develop the qualities to stay on track are the roots of derailment.
Follow Gregory Stebbins on Twitter: www.twitter.com/gregstebbins
More:

8 Ways To Stay Composed Under Pressurereddit
When times get tough at the office, we often turn to those unflappable, grounded people who seem to be capable of handling any situation. What's their secret to appearing confident regardless of the pressure? While tension and stress are inevitable at work, our reaction is entirely our own choice.
Follow these tips to exude strength and confidence in the midst of office chaos:
Relax. Be mindful of how your body is responding. Are your shoulders hunched up around your ears or are your fists and teeth clenched? Take a few moments to breathe deeply and focus on relaxing every part of your body. This is a natural exercise we can all make time for, and it's discreet enough to do at your desk.
Take five. Make a point to assess the situation, ask pertinent questions, and process what has taken place before responding. There may not be an immediate solution, and it's not necessary to give an answer that has not been thoroughly thought out.
Rely on others for support. A team of trusted colleagues, friends, and mentors can serve as invaluable advisors. Life is much easier when we can lean on others to serve as sounding boards, if only to offer another perspective or simply to listen. Build a core group of supporters who will be there for you in times of crisis.
Take care of yourself. One big secret of those who remain cool under pressure is their dedication to a healthy lifestyle. Stick to a healthy routine, whether stress is swirling around you or everything is going beautifully. Exercise is a great stress neutralizer. Eating well and getting enough sleep will also keep you in top form. Walking just 30 minutes a day will do wonders for your physical and mental well-being.
Step away from the situation. You can't undo a temper tantrum. The best strategy for preventing a public meltdown is to excuse yourself until strong emotions subside. Prior to departing, let it be known that you will be addressing the issue in the immediate future. You might say, "I need some time to think through this information. Can we regroup at 3:00 pm this afternoon?"
Remember that you are setting an example. Whether you are the receptionist or the CEO, others will notice how you handle adversity. Use workplace challenges as an opportunity to help those around you stay calm as they follow your lead. Be a role model for handling stress with poise and a cool head.
Look for the lesson. It has been said that there are but two outcomes for any occurrence, success or education. Proactively look at ways to correct the situation, but also consider how the knowledge you are gaining will help you in the future.
Finally, keep workplace turmoil in perspective. You will survive and come out of the experience wiser. Think of others, those you know or admire from afar, who have survived office upheaval and gone on to achieve bigger and better opportunities. Handling professional setbacks is part of a successful career.
For more etiquette tips, visit Diane's popular blog , connect with her here on The Huffington Post, follow her on Pinterest and Instagram , and "like" The Protocol School of Texas on Facebook .
Follow Diane Gottsman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dianegottsman
More:

http://usat.ly/10SNmYGFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks close mixed: S&P drops, Dow bumps up
Stocks are struggling Tuesday from a one-two punch of falling oil prices and renewed fears of a global slowdown.
Post to Facebook
Stocks close mixed: S&P drops, Dow bumps up Stocks are struggling Tuesday from a one-two punch of falling oil prices and renewed fears of a global slowdown. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnqFBK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks close mixed: S&P drops, Dow bumps up
Stocks fell across the board in midday trading Tuesday as voters head to the polls for the midterm elections. The latest economic data showed New York City business activity is slowing down. Newslook
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:41 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
A trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
42 CONNECT 132 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks closed mixed Tuesday as markets struggled from a one-two punch of falling oil prices and renewed fears of a global slowdown. A wait-and-see posture regarding Tuesday's elections may also be holding back investors.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5.71 points, or 0.3%, to 2012.10 and the Nasdaq composite index dropped 15.27 points, or 0.3%, to 4623.64. The Dow Jones industrial average moved up 17.60 points, or 0.1% to 17,383.84.
The sell-off in the U.S. oil pits picked up steam Tuesday, with a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude dipping another 2% to $77.19, and at one point falling to $75.84, the lowest level since October 2011. It was trading at $100 a barrel as recently as July.
Oil prices slid following a decision by Saudi Arabia to cut prices of oil exported to the U.S., which is believed to be driven by the Saudi's attempt to put pressure on the U.S. fracking industry.
Regan: Why OPEC is fine with falling oil prices
Energy stocks took a hit, with ExxonMobil ( XOM ) falling 0.8% to $94.52 and Chevron ( CVX ) dropping 1.2% to $115.37. Noble is the worst performer since oil peaked this year. Shares in NE have fallen a brutal 44% for 2014.
"The stock market sell-off reflects a bearish bet among many investors that falling oil prices reflect weaker-than-expected global growth," says Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust.
Stocks are likely reacting to the continued descent of crude, coupled with fresh signs that Europe's economic growth continues to sputter. The European Commission cut both its growth and inflation forecasts for the eurozone for 2015 to 1.1% and 0.8%, respectively, according to Barclays. The downgraded outlook is the latest sign that Eurozone weakness could potentially weigh on U.S. growth.
Despite increased pressure on the European Central Bank to launch a U.S.-style government-bond buying program when it meets Thursday, Barclays said it does not "expect further easing."
European markets closed lower as Britain's FTSE index fell 0.5% to 6453.97 and Germany's DAX index dropped 0.9% to 9166.47. The CAC 40 of France plunged 1.5% to 4130.19.
Asia stocks were decidedly mixed. Japan's Nikkei shot up 2.7% to 16,862.47 while the Hang Seng of Hong Kong dropped 0.3% to 23,845.66.
In economic news, the U.S. trade deficit rose in September to its highest level since May as exports fell. The trade deficit widened to $43.0 billion in September, up from a revised $40.0 billion in August, the Commerce Department reported Tuesday. Economists had forecast a trade deficit of $40.0 billion for September.
The swelling trade deficit prompted economists to trim their growth forecasts in the U.S. for the fourth quarter.
Factory orders slip in September
Monday, stocks closed mostly lower as the Dow fell 24.28, or 0.1% to 17,366.24 and the S&P 500 dipped 0.24, or less than 0.1%, to 2017.81. The Nasdaq composite rose 8.17 points, or 0.2% to 4638.91, staying at a 14½-year high.
Contributing: Doug Carroll, Adam Shell.
19 stocks are real turkeys in November (Photo: AP) http://t.co/TBgQDvo1FO pic.twitter.com/BUwj3fPoU7
42 CONNECT 132 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qnqFBK
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

DGCA proposal could force charter flight players to suspend operationsPrint
Written by Geeta Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:49 am
A proposal by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) to notify a new rule re-designating all non-scheduled operator permit (NSOP) holders with less than three aircraft as ‘private’ airlines could force a majority of India’s air charter industry to stop all “commercial” flights.
This is because aircraft owned under the private category, like those by corporates houses such as the Adani Group or Reliance Industries for transport of company executives or personal use, are not allowed to carry fare-paying passengers.
At present, 120 air charter operators, including players such as Invision Air, Zest Aviation and Freedom Services, are registered as NSOPs with the DGCA, but only 39 have three or more aircraft. The choice between the remaining 81 is to either stop operations or expand their fleet to at least three over the next 12 months.
The move by the DGCA is being seen as a fallout of the US Federal Aviation Authority’s (FAA) downgrade, with on of the most crucial deficiencies found in the Indian regulator’s functioning being the shortage of trained staff to carry out engineering and flight checks.
The regulator says the proposal to make amendments in the Civil Aviation Requirements (CAR) — section III, series C, part III — meets the guidelines as issued by the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) and would lessen the burden on manpower to carry out safety checks on commercial non-scheduled aircraft.
“The requirement to have minimum three aircraft per operator is as per ICAO guidelines. A committee was set up to examine the issue of non scheduled operator’s permit, which recommended that operators with less than three aircraft not be permitted commercial operations by the DGCA. We have a shortage of human resources and the FAA downgrade is related to that. It is the same amount of manpower that goes in to checking a solitary aircraft or an entire fleet of a full scheduled airline,” a DGCA official said.
Director General of Civil Aviation Prabhat Kumar, who has accepted the recommendations of the committee, said the proposal is highly viable, as the regulator is also proposing such business aircraft operators to have scheduled flights in future.
“We have also given them one year’s time to either raise the fleet strength to meet the minimum aeroplane or helicopter requirement or to get themselves converted in to the private category,” Kumar said.
The DGCA had invited comments on the proposal after a public notice was issued on October 13 regarding “revision to the applicability requirement… on minimum requirements for grant of permit to operate non scheduled air transport services.”
The Business Aircraft Operators’ Association (BAOA), however, has called the proposal “retrograde” as that would “severely affect the entire industry”, “retard growth of remote connectivity”, and “would not, in any way, reduce safety oversight responsibility of the DGCA, as it appears to be the purpose of the amendment proposed.”
“The proposed amendment will severely retard the growth of regional and remote connectivity as it is contrary to the ministry of civil aviation’s policy.  Majority of NSOPs operate only one aircraft, and are continued…

US launches another probe into investment  trade policies of IndiaPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:46 am
For the second time since last year, the US International Trade Commission (USITC) — an independent, non-partisan, fact-finding federal agency — has started an investigation into India’s trade and investment policies.
In 2013, the committees (House Committee on Ways and Means and the Senate Committee on Finance) had asked USITC to investigate Indian policies that allegedly restrict US trade and investment. The USITC will submit its report on that on December 15 this year.
The latest probe, according to a USITC statement on October 28, is to find out whether there are significant changes since mid-2014 by the new government to the country’s trade and investment policies. The investigation was requested jointly by the two committees in a letter received on September 25. The USITC expects to deliver the report to the committees by September 24 next year, the statement said.
USITC makes no recommendations on policy or other matters in its general fact-finding reports. Such reports are subsequently released to the public unless they are classified for national security reasons.
In the request letter for the new investigation, the committees stated: “Given the recent national elections in India and the formation of a new BJP-led government, and our interest in receiving the most comprehensive and up-to-date information possible, we now request that the commission conduct a second investigation concerning India’s industrial policies that discriminate against US trade and investment since the first ITC investigation.”
The USITC will hold a public hearing in connection with this investigation on April 7, 2015, it said, adding that requests to appear at the hearing should be filed by March 24, 2015.

Govt working on auctions for iron ore  bauxitePrint
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:40 am
The government is learnt to have finalised a blueprint to auction 31 mining leases for iron ore and bauxite mines by April 2015. It has also asked the states to give a list of fully prospected areas for auctioning them out in the subsequent phases.
The first set of mining leases (MLs) will be auctioned only in areas where the estimate of mineralisation has already been established and fully prospected only by state-run exploration agencies.
The Prime Minister’s Office had in September this year asked the mines ministry to expedite its decision on over 60,000 MLs pending both with the central and state governments.
The list of 31 leases of bauxite and iron ore mines whose leases will be formally notified for auctions once the states assure the Centre of helping the winning bidders in setting up their end-use plants.
The decision to expedite the auction for non-coal sectors comes in the wake of the recent Supreme Court cancellation of 214 mining allocations saying these was illegal and arbitrary.
A source in the mines ministry said strict criteria have been set for the auction.
They are the composite marking of experience of the bidders, their technical expertise, financial strength, required manpower, investment proposed by them, value addition proposals and finally the financial bids. The Union mines ministry is also learnt to have asked the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM) to verify the facts and data furnished by the states on the mines before bidding them out. The financial parameters for the bids are being currently worked out in consultation with the finance ministry’s department of economic affairs, the source said.
A communication from the mines ministry to the state governments on September 14 including Chhattisgarh, Goa, Jharkhand and Orissa says it is imperative to “facilitate easy transfer of reconnaissance permits and prospecting licences on commercial consideration to promote investment by specialised exploration companies”.
“These should be done within a defined time limits for disposal both by the central and state governments,” the letter added. The MB Shah Commission of Enquiry into illegal mining in Orissa in its five-volume report on the illegal mining in the state had recommended auctioning of leases of iron ore and other minerals, except the strategic ones in the future.

Guam likely approves medical marijuana measureUnofficial election results indicate the majority of voters want to legalise medical marijuana.
By: Associated Press | Hagatna | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:29 am
With nearly all of Guam’s precincts counted, unofficial election results indicate the majority of voters want to legalise medical marijuana.
Pacific Daily News reports 56 out of 58 precincts have been counted in Tuesday’s general election and more than 56 per cent of voters approved the measure.
The Guam Election Commission is expected to certify results Wednesday.
An attorney had asked the US District Court in Guam to stop the referendum on medical marijuana from appearing on the November ballot.
The Commission earlier raised similar concerns about the legislative submission process. It initially refused to prepare the marijuana question for the ballot. But the island’s Supreme Court decided the process was valid.
The referendum directs the Guam Department of Public Health and Social Services to regulate medical marijuana use.

Fliptop Announces Predictive Platform for Account-Based MarketingFliptop Announces Predictive Platform for Account-Based Marketing
Newcity is best at rocking the boatNewcity’s best at rocking the boat
posted on
Tweet
Newcity is about to come out with its annual Best of Chicago issue, and once again editor and publisher Brian Hieggelke is rocking the local media boat.
Who else but Hieggelke would proclaim the besieged Sun-Times “best local daily newspaper,” declare an architecture critic “best Chicago news columnist” or project a landslide election for governor next week?
Brian Hieggelke
But that’s typical of the free Chicago arts and culture weekly that Hieggelke, a former investment banker, started with his wife and younger brother in 1986. The Best of Chicago issue has been a staple of Newcity since 1993.
Only the Best: Newcity’s Twentieth-Second Best of Chicago will be posting its 200 or so winners online through Thursday night. The print edition appears on news racks starting today.
Here’s a sampling of Newcity’s media citations for 2014:
Best local daily newspaper 
The Chicago Sun-Times
But for how long? Sometimes street, often silly, intermittently scrappy, filled with youngish reporters ready to make a name for themselves, or at least investigate the manner of hangovers their predecessors revised on deadlines on a daily basis while toiling at typewriters in the barge-like building along the Chicago River that’s now the sub-basement of the Trump Tower. The Chicago Sun-Times persists even as Wrapports LLC, its holding company, peels off a cortege of diminished suburban dailies and weeklies, letting the newly reduced print-only TribCo continue the triage. Failed experiments in business and social coverage are quickly cast aside under publisher-editor-in-chief Jim Kirk’s reign, but a newly redesigned, fresh-faced web presence and successes like the Homicide Watch Chicago website (also on Twitter as @chicagohomicide ) show an admirable local focus, and even micro-focus. (“Mark every death. Remember every victim. Follow every case.”) And the still-feisty political coverage provides a fistful of punchy front pages each week. Of course, this could all just be preparation for a rumored reduction to a web-only play, akin to the fate of the print edition of Time Out Chicago, which could reduce the storied tabloid to another DNAInfoChicago. Worse are the late October developments leading up to the November election, in which the newspaper allowed interference in its news-gathering by the campaign of former co-owner Bruce Rauner, leading to the resignation of Sun-Times political reporter Dave McKinney, the paper’s Springfield bureau chief. “I’m faced with a difficult decision due to the disturbing developments I’ve experienced in the last two weeks that cannot be reconciled with this newspaper’s storied commitment to journalism,” McKinney wrote in a letter to the paper’s chairman, Michael Ferro. “The Sun-Times is stocked with dedicated reporters, editors and columnists, who work every day with integrity, long hours and not enough pay. They are more than colleagues. They are my friends. They are my family. They are the soul of the Sun-Times… I’m convinced this newspaper no longer has the backs of reporters like me.” And only a few days prior, the editorial page, which recently bowed out of making any kind of political endorsements, issued a single kudo for this election: Bruce Rauner.
Best Chicago news columnist (other than Tony Fitzpatrick, of course)
Blair Kamin, Chicago Tribune
It’s not that often that a columnist, let alone an architectural critic, makes national news, but when Blair Kamin became the leading critic of the Trump Tower sign, well, consider this correction that NBC’s “Today” show ran, according to Jim Romenesko’s blog: “We do have a clarification on something you may have heard here on Friday after our report on the controversial Trump sign on Donald Trump’s new Chicago building. During a live phone interview, Trump said of the controversy: ‘This was started by a third-rate architecture critic from the Chicago Tribune who I thought got fired. He was gone for a long period of time.’ Well, in fact that critic—Pulitzer Prize-winner Blair Kamin—has been with the Chicago Tribune for more than twenty years and also spent the 2013 academic year as a Nieman Fellow at Harvard.” We’re tempted to just let this quote stand as our entire argument, but consider this: long before the Donald throwdown, Kamin’s column, a pointed and probing exploration of architecture and urban design in one of the world capitals of such things, has long been arguably THE reason to read the Tribune.
Best attempt by a media organization to ignite social change
The Chicago Tribune’s “12 Ways” series
It’s way too early to tell if the Trib’s print attempt to save the city will have any impact, but the attempt—in all of its auspiciousness and optimism—has to be recognized. And even though it’s not being written for the people who really need the help or need to change, there’s something to be said about one of the country’s largest media conglomerates making its core readership feel guilty about its own arrogance and apathy.
Best stereotypical, incomplete, single-minded documentary depicting the black men of Chicago
“Chicagoland” on CNN
Of all of the positive, non-celeb, law-abiding African-American adult men (from investment manager Marc Brooks to pastor Corey Brooks to civil activist Cobe Williams to morning radio personality Leon Rogers) that play a role in shaping a larger part of the city’s narrative, the producers of CNN’s “Chicagoland” couldn’t find one non-rapping, non-ball-playing black male over thirty to profile in their eight-hour, eight-part docuseries? It was as if normal black men went from a species endangered to a species extinct.
Best local general-interest blog
Chicagoist
Gapers Block has been a beloved local powerhouse since the early Bush years, while Chicagoist started as a humble branch of the national Gothamist network, hungry for an identity. But the underdog has come into its own. Chicagoist recently updated its UX design for a sleek,  magazine-style browsing experience—and it doesn’t just look important. Editor Chuck Sudo knows that, if he wants to compete with Gapers kahuna Andrew Huff for well-connected local coverage, he has to seek out interesting minds (and sometimes polarizing figures) in every niche. So he recruited star writers such as film critic Joel Wicklund, an acquaintance of the late Roger Ebert, and political activist Aaron Cynic (speaking of underdogs…), who posted riveting coverage of Occupy Chicago and the 2012 G8 protests from a risky, personal perspective. The Chicagoist team has worked hard to make it an essential local read, and it has become a crucial part of digging the Chicago scene circa now.
Best execution of media activism
Vocalo
“Feminist Wednesdays” are the best. No, it’s the domestic violence in immigrant communities conversation with Sangeetha Ravichandran and Neha Gill of Apna Ghar that’s the best. No, it’s Ayana Contreras’ “Reclaimed Soul” that’s better than anything else on radio in the city. No, it’s Friday morning’s too-honest “Practically Speaking.” No, it’s the fact that nowhere else on Chicago radio are you going to hear a Flying Lotus and Kendrick Lamar song followed by a Vic Mensa and Thundercat song. Whatever the program director over at 91.1FM is doing over at Vocalo, every PD in the city needs to take heed… and bow down.
Best outcome of the CNN miniseries “Chicagoland” 
Monster movie battle royale
After Mark Benjamin and Marc Levin’s eight-part constructed documentary about Mayor Emanuel being the baddest-assed of civic monsters, wouldn’t it have been amazing if the original Mayor Daley had rocketed from the crypt, his can’t-be-killed Michael Myers unstoppable against Rahm’s mom-jeaned budgetary Freddy Krueger? Cue an essential John Carpenter score…
Best internet station to soon hit the radio dial
CHIRP Radio
CHIRP Radio may not surpass WBEZ anytime soon as the definition of listener-supported radio, but it’s on its way. CHIRP has been laboring in diligent support in its playlist of the local music scene for many years now. In 2013 the internet radio station submitted its application to the FCC after the agency opened its low-power window to make room for urban applicants with the signing of the Local Community Radio Act. CHIRP may be soon going live on the air, opening a whole new chapter in the availability of the station to listeners. Stay tuned.
Best new online radio station
Rivet News Radio
As the fifth estate goes digital, Rivet News Radio is changing the game. They offer a news service to your smart phone covering an array of topics: architecture, sports, music and film and more. Features focus on what’s happening locally at the neighborhood level, but don’t overlook national and international coverage. Programming is pulled together from notables who’ve developed their voice on Chicago’s airwaves and newspapers, including Charlie Meyerson, James Van Osdol and Lee Bey. The news is digestible yet sharp—just what we need to get us through those slow zones on the way to work.
PREVIOUS POST

Vistara ropes in Abraham and Thakore for designing uniformsVistara ropes in Abraham and Thakore for designing uniforms
PTI  Mumbai, November 03, 2014
First Published: 17:02 IST(3/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:07 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
Vistara, the soon-to-be launched full-service carrier has brought on board the designer duo of Abraham & Thakore for designing uniforms of its pilots, cabin crew and the ground handling staff.
Vistara, which is awaiting flying permit from the DGCA to roll out services in the country, is a 51:49 joint venture between Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines.
"Our brand building partners play an immensely significant role in integrating our core values in their creative approach. We have found the right partners who believe in our brand and its value proposition and will help us to deliver seamless service experience to our customers," Vistara Chief Executive Phee Teik Yeoh said.
The company has taken delivery of two aircraft so far.
With Delhi as its hub, Vistara plans to operate initially to five cities and go up to 11 within a year with 87 weekly flights.
The airline's plans are to link Delhi with Mumbai, Bangalore, Goa, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jammu, Srinagar, Patna and Chandigarh within the first year of operations.
Initially, the airline is likely to have two flights a day to Mumbai, one of them going onward to Goa. It may also start two flights a day each to Bengaluru, Ahmedabad and Hyderabad.
Under its aggressive expansion plans, Vistara is likely to gradually add destinations like Chennai, Pune, Lucknow, Varanasi, Jaipur, Kolkata, Amritsar, Bagdogra, Indore and Kochi within the first four years of its operations.

Sensex dips after hitting new high  Nifty ends at record closeSensex dips after hitting new high, Nifty ends at record close
PTI  Mumbai, November 03, 2014
First Published: 09:56 IST(3/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:35 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
Mild profit-booking after four days of consecutive gains pulled the benchmark Sensex on Monday down by about five points to end at 27,860.38 after hitting record high for the third session in a row.
However, NSE barometer Nifty ended at new record close of 8,324.15, a marginal gain of 1.95 points, or 0.02%, after clocking fresh life high of 8,350.60.
Trading sentiment was by and large tepid as participants preferred to stay sidelines ahead of trading holidays.
Among 30 Sensex components, 18 stocks led by GAIL, CIL, ITC, NTPC, ONGC and BHEL ended down while 12 others were up.
The Sensex resumed higher at 27,943.04 and firmed up further to an all-time high of 27,969.82 on initial strong buying in view of good foreign capital inflows. However, it declined afterwards to 27,785.40 before ending at 27,860.38, showing a marginal loss of 5.45 points or 0.02%.
On Friday, it had zoomed to intra-day record high of 27,894.32 and ended at record close of 27,865.83. On last Thursday, it surged to previous life high of 27,390.60. In four days ending October 31, it ran up by over 1,100 points.
"After an exceptional week, the benchmarks were seen consolidating in a narrow range. Sentiments were on negative side from the beginning as fiscal deficit reached nearly 83% of full-year target and core sector growth slowed down to 1.9% in September," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Trading will be truncated this week as the stock market will remain closed tomorrow, November 4, on account of Muharram. Also, there will be no trading on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs. 1,754.73 crore on Friday.
India's manufacturing sector output picked up modestly during October, driven by strong demand conditions and rise in new order flows, an HSBC survey said today.
"Going forward, Indian markets will be in a consolidation phase as of now the Nifty is technically will trade between 8200-8400 before the next rally begins," said Rajshekar Gowda, Senior Analyst, HBJ Capital.
Asian stocks ended mixed as key benchmark indices in China, Singapore and Taiwan rose 0.34% to 0.51% while indices in Hong Kong and South Korea fell by 0.34-0.58%. The stock market in Japan was closed for a holiday.
European stocks were trading lower after last week's sharp gains triggered by a surprise stimulus plan from the Bank Of Japan. Key benchmark indices in France, Germany and UK moved down by 0.25% to 0.46%.
Commenting on Indian markets, Jignesh Chaudhary, Head Of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "Profit booking was seen in the market as on Friday it closed at all-time high so investors preferred to stay cautious at higher levels."
Major losers were Gail India 5.70%, M&M 2.67%, Coal India Ltd 2.45%, Hero MotoCorp 1.66%, Maruti Suzuki 1.58%, NTPC 1.43%, Bajaj Auto 1.34% and BHEL 1.85%.
Winners included Sesa Sterlite that rose 2.17%, Axis Bank 1.34%, HDFC 1.04%, ICICI Bank 1.02% and Infosys 0.82%.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Consumer Durables declined by 1.48% and Auto 0.88% while Realty rose by 3.61% and Bankex by 0.46%.
Reflecting rally in second-line stocks, the total market breadth remained positive as 1,826 stocks close in the green while 1,158 finished in the red. The total turnover was at Rs. 3,506.62 crore.

Swift  Datsun Go flunk crash testSwift, Datsun Go flunk crash test
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 03, 2014
First Published: 23:17 IST(3/11/2014) | Last Updated: 23:19 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
In another reminder of how unsafe Indian cars are, two popular small cars, Maruti Suzuki Swift and Datsun’s entry-level car Go, failed a crash test by global testing firm Global NCAP.
Swift is India’s second-largest selling car, while Go has struggled. Both got zero stars out of five, and were rated unstable.
Interestingly, Global NCAP also tested the Swift variant that is exported to Latin American markets: they scored three stars. In India the Swift and Go are sold without critical safety features such as airbags and anti lock braking system as standard.
“Indian consumers are not aware of how unsafe they’d be in a crash,” said Global NCAP chairman Max Mosley. “Regulations based on the UN’s minimum crash test standards are needed.”
Manufacturers reacted strongly.
“Datsun GO meets local vehicle regulations in India,” said Nissan India operations president Guillaume Sicard. “We are willing to adopt as well as help evolve standards in vehicular safety standards.”
Maruti Suzuki reacted in a similar vein: “The cars manufactured and sold by Maruti Suzuki in India fully conform to all regulations applicable in India...”
Global NCAP bought the cars and informed the makers prior to testing. These three were the only cars tested in this round. In January, five cars —  Maruti Alto 800, Tata Nano, Ford Figo, Hyundai i10 and Volkswagen Polo — failed crash tests.
“Global NCAP wants to do business in India so they do these tests as a PR exercise,” claimed a senior official in a leading car company in India. “If a car made for India, meeting Indian specifications, is tested for a customer in Europe, it will obviously fail. Conduct these tests for Indian regulations and question us if our cars then fail.”

New insider trading  listing norms likely by month-endComments
To protect interests of minority shareholders and make listed companies more accountable towards investors, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is likely to announce new insider trading norms by month-end, sources said on Monday. The market regulator is also likely to come out with restructured listing norms including those on related party transactions based on the suggestions of an expert panel.
With the current norms being more than two-decades old, Sebi is looking to widen the scope of insider trading guidelines to adapt to new changes in companies law, people familiar with the matter said.
Sebi had formed a panel under former chief justice of Karnataka and Kerala high courts, K Sodhi, to suggest changes and include feedback from industry associations and other stakeholders on the issue.
The changes suggested by the panel could include tighter provisions under Regulation 12, which makes it mandatory for all listed companies and organisations to frame and adopt a code of internal procedures.
The expert panel has also sought to widen the ambit of clauses on disclosures by promoters, specially when there is any change in shareholding patterns or voting rights.
Sebi will also consider the changes suggested by the regulator’s international advisory board, which seeks to bring the insider trading norms on par with global best practices.
Goldman Sachs director Rajat Gupta was arrested in the US on charges of insider trading.
Sebi will also come out with new rules on listing norms due to difficulty in tracking transactions of related parties, especially in business combinations and acquisitions of interests.
“There is an urgency to revamp listing regulations as Indian companies are moving towards adopting global accounting norms,” said one of the persons involved in analysing the feedback from industry associations.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, in his Budget speech, had said that Indian accounting standards will have to converge with International Financial Reporting Standards by 2016-17.

Google launches alliance for Indian language content on the WebGoogle launches alliance for Indian language content on the Web
HT Correspondent  New Delhi, November 03, 2014
First Published: 23:20 IST(3/11/2014) | Last Updated: 07:29 IST(4/11/2014)
Comments
Google Inc on Tuesday launched the Indian Language Internet Alliance (ILIA) — a partnership involving dozens of  publishers — in an aim to  boost Indic language content that would boost demand for the internet and indirectly aid its search business. ILIA aims to serve by 2017 as many as 300 million more Internet users. The current Indian count is estimated at 200 million.
Rajan Anandan,  Google India’s MD said India is poised to overtake the US as the world’s second-biggest Internet market after China in the next 12 months. The alliance will boost everything from “access to content to fonts to monetization,” he added.
Working groups  under the alliance are expected to discuss industry standards and partnerships. Google officials clarified there was no commercial agreements under the alliance, and it was open for membership.
The search giant is simultaneously boosting mobile and voice search enabled for Hindi and other languages, said Google’s  Indian-born senior vice-president and head of search, Amit Singhal.
Google also launched a new website ( www.hindiweb.com ), a one-stop portal for Hindi content.

Check out the food trends of 2015Check out the food trends of 2015
Heather Charles, Chicago Tribune
Supermarkets like Mariano's are converting into socializing spaces.
Supermarkets like Mariano's are converting into socializing spaces. (Heather Charles, Chicago Tribune)
Supermarket Guru: Grazing, delivery top 2015 food trends
Yogurt, sauerkraut, other fermented foods are hot for 2015
When it comes to food, 2015 is forecast to be the year of fermented, smoked, and craft items that will either be quickly delivered to a doorstep or consumed in a grocery store that feels more like a restaurant.
So says the Supermarket Guru, aka Phil Lempert, who conducted research with ConAgra, the company behind brands such as Chef Boyardee, Egg Beaters and Slim Jim.
Supermarket operators will need to pay attention, if they want to hold on to their shoppers who have more options than ever at their disposal.
8
"If you take a look the past 10 years, supermarkets have lost about 15 percent market share to drug chains, to warehouse clubs, to Bed Bath & Beyond, to everybody that's selling food," Lempert said. "As a result of that, they're really challenged."
Here's a look at the food trends Lempert predicts will gain steam in 2015:
0
Grazing golden-agers: Many baby boomers, those born between 1946 and 1964, are cutting back on massive meals, instead looking to snacks and smaller meals to help maintain energy and keep from feeling too full. "The antiquated idea of three square meals a day probably was never that healthful," Lempert said.
More same-day delivery: Grocery delivery is stretching into new areas and formats, with services such as Instacart offering delivery in as little as an hour. And Google Express recently rolled out a subscription costing $95 a year, or $10 a month, to receive same-day deliveries in Chicago and other select markets from a wide range of shops.
"This concept of going grocery shopping 2.2 times a week goes away," Lempert said.
Everything smoked: After the rise of hot sauces such as sriracha, Lempert sees smoky flavors gaining the attention of cooks. Some may go out and buy a backyard smoker, while others will add liquid smoke to a recipe or look for smoked canned vegetables or smoked cheese at the store.
The rise of fermented foods: Fermented foods — think yogurt, kimchee and sauerkraut — contain live cultures, or are preserved in liquid so their sugars and starches can become bacteria-boosting agents, which is said to aid digestion.
"We're going to see much more attention on packaging (devoted) to digestive health," said Lempert. "We're going to start pickling all kinds of things."
Gen Z, chefs everyday: Those born after millennials, or starting in 1995, crave more flavors and variety than earlier generations yet also have a focus on simplicity and health.
"If you look at their food values it's almost like they're going back to their grandparents' day," said Lempert, pointing to their desire to dress up basic foods such as chicken and eggs.
Craft foods make their way into kitchens everywhere: Craft beer has been chipping away at bigger beer brands for years. Now big food companies are diving deeper into the craft business, buying smaller companies known for using local ingredients and creating products that have an artisanal feel.
Lempert points to examples such as Pepsi's new cane sugar soda, Caleb's Kola, as well as ConAgra's acquisition of the Alexia potato line and Hillshire's acquisition of West Coast sausage company Aidells.
Nutrition labels: Lempert sees people looking beyond nutrition labels to find out more about what they are eating. He points to the Prep Pad, a roughly $150 countertop scale that links up with an iPad to give detailed nutritional information.
Supermarkets convert into socializing spaces: Supermarkets are under pressure from rivals ranging from other grocery stores to dollar stores, farmers markets and restaurants. Shoppers want convenience but they also want to know more about what they're buying, Lempert said. That's why retailers are hiring chefs, registered dietitians and other experts to stand out.
"They're looking to build a relationship with shoppers that transcends price," Lempert said. "There are chains around the country that are really getting it, and other ones are going to go out of business."

Every citizen will find exactly what he wants: Google SVPIIT, Roorkee-educated Amit Singhal is senior vice-president at Google, in charge of search. He spoke to HT on search’s new frontiers.
Q: What are the emerging frontiers in search? Where do you see search ten years from now?
A: We realized search needs to be far more mobile friendly. Whatever we do we do thinking that it is for all, including languages other than English.  Every citizen of the world (in a few years) have an always-on device. They will find exactly what they want, whenever they want – anywhere on earth. Based on Gmail, we can even do personal search based only on our own things. Like for instance, checking what time is my flight leaving (demonstrates).
Q: Can this be combined with robotics? So you search for something a machine executes?
A: Let me show you my smartwatch. It can call me a cab. I just tap it and say “Call me a car,” and it does. This is bits dancing with atoms.
Q: Do you see Bing as a competitor? You also faced regulatory issues in the UK.
A: We have to outrun others. I usually say as I drive this car, I am looking at 98% of the time at the road in front of me. Our focus is on users. Occasionally a website that loses traffic because we changed our algorithms to take care of our users will get upset.
Listen to the audio:

Engine-Maker Rolls-Royce to Cut 2 600 JobsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Indian envoy meets death convicts in Sri LankaUpdated: November 5, 2014 00:26 IST
Indian envoy meets death convicts in Sri Lanka
Meera Srinivasan
Tweet
The Hindu Son of Emerson, one of the five fishermen awarded death sentence by a Colombo court, during a demonstration at Thankachimadam in Ramanathapuram district on Saturday. Photo: L. Balachandar
PTI Colombo: Indian High Commissioner in Sri Lanka, Yash Sinha comes out of Welikada Jail after meeting 5 Indian fishermen, in Colombo on Tuesday. PTI Photo (PTI11_4_2014_000090A)
PTI Indian High Commissioner to Sri Lanka, Yash Sinha, on Tuesday met the five Indian fishermen sentenced to death by a Colombo court, and assured them of all help for their release and repatriation. File photo shows the envoy with Sri Lanka President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
TOPICS
execution
Assures them of the Modi Government's "unstinted support" to secure their early release and repatriation to India.
India’s High Commissioner in Sri Lanka Y.K. Sinha met on Tuesday the five Indian fishermen who were awarded the death sentence by a Colombo court, and assured them that New Delhi would make all efforts for their early release and repatriation.
External Affairs Ministry officials said the High Commissioner’s team found the fishermen in good health and they sought permission for making calls and writing to their relatives in Tamil Nadu. The prison authorities, Foreign Ministry sources said, readily agreed to arrange for telephone calls in two days. The fishermen were free to write letters too.
The Ministry tweeted images of Mr. Sinha exiting the Welikada prison in Colombo. The Colombo High Court sentenced to death Emerson, P. Augustus, R. Wilson, K. Prasath and J. Langlet on October 30 on charges of smuggling heroin. They were arrested in 2011.
New Delhi has said it will take all possible steps through legal and diplomatic channels to “prove their innocence.” Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to take up the matter with Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa when they meet at the SAARC summit in Kathmandu later this month.

Microsoft partners with Dropbox for online file-sharingMicrosoft has teamed up with online file-sharing company Dropbox to allow Office software users to manage and share files through Dropbox's website and mobile app.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Microsoft Corp said it teamed up with online file-sharing company Dropbox Inc to allow Office software users to manage and share files through Dropbox's website and mobile app .
Microsoft said the functionality would be included in the next updates to the Office mobile apps, to be rolled out in the next few weeks, and online accessibility would be available in the first half of 2015.
Microsoft already has a file-sharing service called OneDrive , but partnering with Dropbox will allow it to tap more than 200 million users of the Silicon Valley startup's services.

Is  The World s Most Secretive Company  Opening Upreddit
Apple has been called "the world's most secretive company." It creates great products but has a terrible reputation as a corporate citizen. It seems to hoard its intellectual property. It's sitting on $160 billion of cash reserves, and is a philanthropic miser. Foxconn, the high-profile electronics company that builds Apple's iPhone and other products in China, has been in and out of the headlines for poor working conditions, worker riots at its Taiyuan factory and a series of employee suicides.
Although employees at Apple and Foxconn are treated very differently, the two companies are known for keeping their workers and others in the dark. Yet both are enormously successful, causing many people to question whether the popular management advice in favor of "openness" actually makes business sense.
I was reminded of this when speaking at the TED Global conference. The conference's theme was radical openness, an idea I helped develop a decade ago in a book I co-authored with David Ticoll called The Naked Corporation. We argued that both transparency and sharing of intellectual property can pay off.
The main criticism of both the book and my talk was "What About Apple? The world's most valuable company succeeds by doing the opposite of what you recommend."
But when you look closely at Apple, the company is not what it appears to be. Parts of Apple are very open. And under the leadership of Tim Cook, Apple has become more open in a number of areas, and the pressures of market forces are forcing it to open up even further. It may even become a good corporate citizen and provide leadership for a new stakeholder model of the enterprise.
To begin, Apple is more transparent than one might think. Like all companies it has four major stakeholders: customers, employees, business partners and shareholders.
Apple is obviously super-secretive with its customers about product announcements. And at the moment it can get away with this behavior because it so powerful in the niche markets in which it operates, and it has a small array of products. But as it tries to expand its share of the corporate market, business customers will demand to be well briefed regarding Apple's intentions and its product road maps.
Apple's customers aren't alone in being kept in the dark; the company treats its employees the same way. The vast majority of them have few details about what is in the company's product pipeline. But such opacity does not derive from some inherent benefits of closed work systems. Rather it is purely in aid of ensuring secrecy of its product strategy with customers.
Apple doesn't want its workers leaking information to the media or blogosphere. But increasingly Apple pays a price for this employee secrecy. It doesn't get the serendipitous collaboration across company silos that many other businesses enjoy. That among other things could have prevented the premature release of defective mapping software on the iPhone 5. Think of Google and how its workers are encouraged to dream up new products.
In terms of its supply chain, Apple itself has huge transparency and visibility. It can see down through Foxconn all the way to suppliers two levels below. True, this visibility had not extended to the rest of the world, but in this age of transparency Apple can no longer keep its supply chain practices secret.
As a result, everyone knows about Foxconn's labor relations and how its factories are run under tight security and employees are treated and compensated poorly. This is an enormous problem for Apple, not just for its reputation, but also the disruptions such working conditions can cause in the supply chain. So as Apple becomes naked it is being forced to get buff -- to clean up its supply chain practices.
As for transparency with its shareholders, Apple is actually very open -- respected as being one of the best companies on the planet for providing shareholders with pertinent information. The only area in which it had been faulted is whether it had been sufficiently candid about Steve Job's declining health.
Paradoxically, Apple's success is largely due to another kind of openness. The iPhone or iPad are nice pieces of hardware, but that's not what created their market success. But by opening up what are called "application programming interfaces" Apple has enabled its customers and the world of software developers to build apps on its platform. In this sense Apple's corporate borders are quite open and porous. It is a design and marketing company at the heart of an enormous business web of suppliers and software developers -- based on openness.
To be sure, Apple is obsessed with guarding its intellectual property and has sought refuge in outmoded intellectual property laws and in courts that today stifle innovation in our economy. But increasingly this comes at a cost, too. Android, the open-source software platform developed by Google, quickly became the dominant operating system in the mobile marketplace. Open-source software stimulates creativity and attracts attention, and over time openness tends to win out in the market.
Google was smart to release the Android software's inner workings so that manufacturers could tweak the operating system to their specific devices. Other companies have made equally smart moves. IBM gave away $400 million worth of software to the open-source Linux movement and in exchange received billions of dollars in savings and new business.
Apple also has failed miserably in terms of sharing within society and the global community. It is not only sitting on mountains of cash but during the Jobs era made little effort to be a good corporate citizen and reach out to the larger community. It has long provided lower-cost computers to schools and universities, but purely as a marketing strategy, and otherwise has done little to help America's education system. It has been a philanthropic miser and has declined to take part in important social partnerships.
With Tim Cook now having been CEO for three years, Apple seems to be increasingly aware that in the long term, business cannot succeed in a world that's failing. It has started to make more donations and is joining social causes, which will prove popular with its customers, especially with young people who increasingly want to do business with companies that behave well.
In fact Tim Cook's recent outburst at Apple's shareholder meeting clearly indicated that the company cares about more than just making money for its shareholders. He told attendees that "If you want me to do things only for ROI reasons, you should get out of this stock."
The conclusion is that Apple became the world's most valuable company for a number of complex reasons, including the design genius of its brilliant founder. But when you look under the surface, it is more open than you might think, and there is no real evidence that its secrecy has helped it succeed. And increasingly as it comes under more intense competitive pressures, and perhaps a set of values from Tim Cook, Apple will become an even more open company.
This is the third piece in a series based on The Digital Economy, 20th Anniversary Edition by Don Tapscott, released October 24, 2014.
Don Tapscott is the author of 15 books and rated by Thinkers50 as one of the top five living business thinkers in the world. He also plays keyboards in the band Men in Suits.
Follow Don Tapscott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dtapscott
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

7 Marketing Lessons We Can Learn From Politiciansreddit
Election Day 2014 has finally arrived, bringing an end to the partisan politics circus that has been in full swing for months.
If you happen to live in a state with hotly-contested races, then it's likely that no matter how hard you tried, you weren't able to avoid being bombarded with non-stop nonsense from various contestants in the high-stakes game of running for political office.
On the positive side, here are seven marketing lessons we can learn from politicians.
If you use television advertising in your business, you may want to ramp it down or even suspend it altogether during the height of any political campaign, because stations routinely raise their rates during these times, to capitalize on the desperate spending of billions of dollars by various politicians and their supporters.
People are more motivated to take action (in this case, to vote) by fear of loss than by a possibility of gain.  You don't need me to point out all the overwhelming negativity in political advertising, as compared to the relatively small amount of positivity.
Political campaigns are all about one thing and one thing only: results. There's no room in a political campaign for any nonsense like "awareness" or "getting your name out there."  Everything is geared to one purpose, and one purpose only: getting prospects to take the desired ACTION (vote).  Business owners must think the same way, and focus on directing prospects to take a specific action whenever they do any marketing or advertising.
Because they are results-oriented, candidates always take a multi-media approach to marketing, using everything from radio and television to direct mail, email, social media, telemarketing and of course, extensive grassroots efforts. Small business owners often do the opposite -- making the mistake of focusing on the cost of marketing instead of the results, and therefore often falling far short of their goals.
EVERYTHING is constantly tracked when it comes to political campaigns, so adjustments to strategy and tactics can be made.  As a small business owner, you must track all of your marketing in detail, and constantly monitor your metrics so you can make changes and improvements based on what works and what doesn't.
Politicians are fantastic at knowing everything they can about their "WHO" -- their target audience -- and putting together messaging precisely for them (this is the first "W" in The WOW! Strategy™ that I created to help business owners produce effective marketing).
The naysayers like to call it "pandering," but in the super-high-stakes, results-oriented game of electoral politics, it's very smart marketing to craft different messages to different audiences, looking for what is known as the right "message to market match."
Politicians are excellent communicators. Many have Ivy League degrees, yet skillfully avoid being labeled "elitist" by speaking at a 6th- or 7th-grade reading level, which top copywriters know is the ideal reading level to shoot for to achieve maximum effectiveness in communication.
Our last three U.S. Presidents are all masters of this skill. Who can forget Phi Beta Kappa/Rhodes Scholar/Yale Law School graduate Bill Clinton speaking in a southern drawl while professing a love of McDonald's french fries, donuts and assorted other junk food, or George W. Bush being generally perceived as not bright despite earning a Yale degree and being the only President to earn an MBA (from Harvard Business School), or our current President Barack Obama routinely breaking into slang and "the language of the common man" despite his Columbia University and Harvard Law School degrees?
Of course these three presidents -- and many, many other politicians -- are all quite capable of speaking with big words and sounding like college professors, but they know better and almost naturally communicate at the coveted 6th- or 7th-grade reading level for maximum effectiveness.
Small business owners, entrepreneurs and sales professionals, of course, should aim to do the same.
We can all learn a lot more about marketing from politicians, of course, in addition to being thoroughly entertained by their no-holds-barred fights to the finish.
I, for one, however, am extremely happy now that -- except for the run-offs and recounts -- all the campaign madness has finally come to an end.
At least for a week or so, that is, when the campaigning is bound to start right back up again as we head towards 2016.
Follow Steve Sipress on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SteveSipress
More:

European Union lowers growthforecastsPrint
By: New York Times | Brussels | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:11 am
The European Union authorities on Tuesday sharply lowered growth forecasts as member states like France, Germany and Italy showed weak economic performance, and as business confidence suffered from heightened geopolitical risks.
“The economic and employment situation is not improving fast enough,” Jyrki Katainen, the European Commission vice president for jobs and growth, said in a statement accompanying a closely watched economic forecast.
Lower-than-expected growth figures for the first half of the year were “mainly due to weakness in some advanced and emerging economies,” Katainen said, “but also the rising geopolitical tensions in Ukraine and the Middle East”.
The European Commission, the executive arm of the EU, said that growth was expected to reach 1.3 per cent in the European Union this year, down from its forecast in the spring of 1.6 per cent across the bloc’s 28 member nations.
The commission slashed growth expectations in the 18-nation euro zone to 0.8 per cent from a forecast in the spring of 1.2 per cent.
The gloomier outlook for both 2014 and 2015 will most likely raise expectations for the European Central Bank to take additional steps to stimulate the economy, though economists said they did not expect policy makers to take action at a meeting on Thursday.
Among the issues facing European economies like Germany is the prospect of a “new cycle of sanctions and countersanctions” related to the economic restrictions that America and the European Union imposed on Russia in retaliation for its intervention in Ukraine, and the reciprocal sanctions applied by Moscow, European Union officials wrote in a report accompanying the figures.
The tensions might also “have triggered a wait-and-see attitude among firms,” the officials wrote in a section of the report that focused on Germany.
Germany is expected to post growth of 1.3 per cent this year, down from an earlier forecast of 1.8 per cent. The French economy is expected to grow 0.3 per cent this year, down from an earlier estimate of 1 per cent. Italy appeared to stand out as a poor performer: Its economy was predicted to shrink 0.4 per cent this year compared with a forecast in May for growth of 0.6 per cent.
The commission also expressed concerns about inflation, which it said would remain very low this year and would not come close to the target of just under 2 per cent anytime soon. It projected an annual inflation rate of 1.6 per cent in the European Union in 2016.
“With confidence indicators declining since midyear and now back to where they were at the end of 2013, and hard data pointing to very weak activity for the rest of the year, it is becoming harder to see the dent in the recovery as the result of temporary factors only,” officials wrote in their report. The commission said it expected growth rates to improve somewhat in 2015, rising to 1.5 per cent in the European Union and to 1.1 per cent in the eurozone.

WB: Doing biz ranking to improve if states best practicesincludedBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:10 am
The World Bank, which recently ranked India 142nd in its Ease of Doing Business list, on Tuesday said the ranking will improve by at least 50 notches if one includes the best practices followed at the state level.
“A few years back the World Bank did a sub-national ‘ease of doing business exercise,’ looking at how different states perform. What we found was that if all of the country’s best practices were put together, the ranking would increase by more than 50 places,” World Bank senior country economist Denis Medvedev said on Tuesday.
“So, many of the solutions can be found right here in India,” he added, during an interaction on social networking site Facebook this evening.
The comments come within days of the country’s position slipping further to 142 among 189 countries in the ease of doing business ranking, as against 134 last year.
The latest ranking, however, does not take into account the latest slew of measures taken by Modi government to make India a business friendly destination.
“There are two things to keep in mind. First, ‘ease of doing business’ is a ranking which means that performance is relative. So, even though the country’s actual score has improved, the scores of other countries improved even more.

Hyundai  Kia to pay $100 mn for overstatingmileagePrint
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:07 am
Korean automakers Hyundai and Kia will pay the US government a $100 million civil penalty to end a two-year investigation into overstated gas mileage figures on window stickers on 1.2 million vehicles.
The penalty, announced Monday by the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency, is the first under new rules aimed at limiting the amount of heat-trapping gases cars are allowed to emit. Those regulations are a cornerstone of President Barack Obama’s plans to combat global warming and are achieved largely through improving vehicle fuel economy.
The payment could also serve as a precedent for other automakers who overstate mileage in violation of the Clean Air Act. Attorney General Eric Holder said it underscores the need for car companies to be honest about their compliance with emissions standards.
Under the settlement, Hyundai-Kia will forfeit greenhouse gas credits worth more than $200 million because the affected vehicles will emit about 4.75 million more metric tons of greenhouse gases than the automakers originally claimed. The credits could have been sold to other automakers who aren’t meeting emissions standards.
Hyundai-Kia must also audit test results on current models, and set up an independent group to certify future test results, at a cost of around $50 million.
Officials said the misrepresentations put other car companies at a competitive disadvantage, especially since fuel economy is seen as a critical factor that “consumers think about when they’re going to buy a car,’’ said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy.
“That tilts the market in favor of those who don’t play by the rules and it disadvantages those that actually do play by the rules,’’  he added.

After cyclone hit  Vizag steel plant resumesoperationsPrint
By: Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:53 am
The Vizag Steel Plant (VSP) has restarted all operations on Tuesday, 22 days after being hit by the super cyclone ‘Hudhud’ on October 12, which caused immense damage to machinery and equipment forcing a shutdown.
After estimation of damages, the Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited-VSP swung into action for a revival as all production had come to a halt for the first time in its history.
After conducting trial runs earlier this week, production in all the units including rolling mills was revived on Monday. “The revival of raw material handling facilities, coke ovens, blast furnaces and steel melting shop-1 which  commenced with the supply of emergency power by APTransco on October 16, was completed by October 22, said  P Madhusudan, CMD-RINL.
The repairs to the roof  damages have also been  taken up by RINL on a war-footing and work in critical areas has already been completed.
SAIL is supplying necessary material on a priority basis and the balance work on sheeting is expected to get completed in two to three weeks’ time.
Madhusudan said that RINL could revive operations in three weeks time despite breakdown of major water supply line in the power plant leading to tripping of captive power generation and delaying the process of recovery by three days.

France seeks civilian rule in Burkina FasoFrance seeks civilian rule in Burkina Faso
Battle begins for Gulf hearts and mindsAir strikes on Isis launch battle for Gulf hearts and minds
By Simeon Kerr in Dubai and Heba Saleh in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b0485c50-43d1-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

German defence sector comes under fireGerman defence ministry and arms industry come under fire
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c9d0754-4a3b-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Von der Leyen eyes military budgetUrsula von der Leyen vows to tackle Germany military budget
By Stefan Wagstyl
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ed33413a-4d71-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Head of Estates  Logistics and Technology£65,009 - £72,582 per annum
Further information
Isn’t it time you aimed higher? We’d like to hear from you if you are a results focussed, forward thinking leader who can provide strategic and project leadership and direction on all the Force's estates, logistics, and technology support services related matters.
Reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, you will be a proactive, visible and innovative leader contributing throughout the organisation as the Force enters the next stage of its transformation.
The service delivery model will be to provide end-to-end seamless services, putting our internal and external customers at heart of service provision, and continuously developing the working environment. The organisation wants to realise efficiencies by enabling greater collaboration with colleagues and other stakeholders. Also, critically, you will need to develop a service model at reduced cost both for direct delivery and contracts and have a proactive productivity drive.
You will be from a support services background with significant program experience in managing large business change or operational programs. Furthermore, you must have significant experience of corporate relationship management with internal and external customers and suppliers, with highly developed leadership skills to manage a range of cross functional teams and responsibilities.
A proven track record in service development innovation and translating strategy into actual service delivery are also fundamental requirements, as is a full understanding of corporate governance frameworks.
You will be an experienced professional in the relevant field and interested and committed to your personal continuous professional development. 
For further information please visit our website.
Completed applications are to be submitted to the HR Safer Neighbourhood Support Inbox by 4.30pm on Friday 31 October 2014.
Relocation is not applicable to this post.
North Yorkshire Police

Softbank invests in Indian ecommerceSoftBank invests in Indian ecommerce
Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai and Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d3efd604-5e63-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UBS books $2bn litigation chargeUBS books $2bn litigation charge
James Shotter in Zürich and Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f854e00e-5e66-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Traor assumes power in Burkina FasoTraoré assumes power in Burkina Faso
Javier Blas – Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3906f112-60f3-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Burkina Faso army urged to give up powerNovember 2, 2014 4:17 pm
Pressure mounts on Burkina Faso military to relinquish power
Javier Blas – Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b10da28-629d-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Branson battles to keep space dream aliveBranson battles to keep space dream alive
Richard Waters in Mojave and Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84a5f37a-62bf-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pilot action had role in spaceship crashPilot action played a role in Virgin Galactic spaceship crash
Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4988997e-631d-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Turkeys Yildiz to buy United BiscuitsBlackstone and PAI seal sale of United Biscuits to Turkish group Yildiz
Anne-Sylvaine Chassany and Arash Massoudi in London, and Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9e79e370-634a-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gloom to temper any Republican successNovember 3, 2014 5:28 pm
Mood of gloom set to temper any Republican midterm success
Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1f0b082-6373-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greeces ills will persistPatronage and bribery will persist in Greece
By Tony Barber
The bailout is a reminder of how big powers have often exercised control, writes Tony Barber
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59a36e32-5ae5-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sprint axes jobs as customers departSprint axes jobs as customers depart
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b0f8b212-63ac-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ex-UBS banker cleared on US tax charges© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c76b164e-63ab-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Suspicion feeds Ebola panicSuspicion of authority is feeding America’s Ebola panic
Edward Luce in Washington
More than 45 per cent believe they or their friends and relatives will get the disease
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63513436-5ea6-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WHO strikes a cautious note on EbolaWHO strikes a cautious note on Ebola
Clive Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2124753e-5f7b-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Safety practices in focus in crash probeSafety practices in focus in crash probe
Robert Wright in New York and Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01a0736c-6376-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Democrats pay for damage controlDemocrats pay for damage control
Aaron Stanley in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1776ffde-607a-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black Spring warning to Africas leadersNovember 3, 2014 3:16 pm
Africa’s leaders wake up to the Black Spring of Burkina Faso
Javier Blas in London
Whiff of revolution will have been picked up by ageing leaders wishing to hang on to power
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ddc43b0a-6351-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blackstone nears $8bn IndCor saleBlackstone nears $8bn sale of IndCor unit
Henny Sender in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76d1a46e-63ce-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SoftBank issues profit warningAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Revealed: The real reason why Maruti revamped its Alto carMaruti revamps Alto car to counter slow India recovery
Reuters –  Mon 3 Nov, 2014 7:21 PM IST
Officials stand next to the newly launched Maruti Suzuki Alto 800 car in the western Indian city of Ahmedabad October 16, 2012. REUTERS/Amit Dave/Files
By Aditi Shah
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Maruti Suzuki, which sells almost one in two cars in India, is betting a new version of its bestselling model will help it retain a stranglehold on the budget market, even as it courts wealthier buyers to fend off a slowdown in sales.
Maruti on Monday unveiled a new version of its entry-level Alto -- India's most popular car last year -- with automatic gear shift technology, a feature usually reserved for pricier cars in the Indian market.
Automatic cars are still rare in India but they have the potential to be popular in a country where roads are often in poor condition and traffic snarl-ups are a daily feature of urban driving.
At 380,187 rupees ($6,190), the Alto K10 is the Indian market's cheapest automatic car -- a position previously held by Maruti's compact sedan Celerio at about 410,000 rupees.
"Definitely, Maruti is moving up the price ladder and that is obviously in tune with the expectation of the urban consumers," said Puneet Gupta, associate director at consultants IHS Automotive.
"On the other hand, we have 70 percent of the population living in rural (areas) and with the network that Maruti has, definitely they are not losing sight of that consumer also."
Maruti Suzuki is preparing for what it has said will be a period of slower sales in the coming months. Sales of Maruti's passenger cars fell 1.1 percent in October from a year ago, breaking five consecutive months of increase.s
It warned last week of slower growth in the second half, dampening expectations of a rapid recovery in an auto market that is hobbling back after two weak years.
 
"NEW CARS, BETTER TECHNOLOGY"
Part of the effort to counter that slow return to health is a move up-market, to cash in on India's growing urban middle class and improving consumer sentiment under Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government, elected earlier this year.
Best known as the brand that made cars affordable for Indian families with the Maruti 800 in the 1980s, Maruti took a second stab at the premium sedan market with the launch of the Ciaz car in October and has set an aggressive sales target for itself.
It plans to launch its first sports utility vehicle (SUV) between April and June 2015 to capitalise on one of the fastest-growing car categories, dominated by Ford Motor Co and Renault SA, in Asia's third-largest economy.
But it hopes to hold on to its historic area of strength at the budget end too, the company said, thanks to innovations like the new automatic Alto.
"People are trying to come into the right products because the small car (market) is now getting crowded," said Maruti CFO Ajay Seth said last week after the company reported quarterly earnings.
"We have to bring in new products, better technology," said Seth, adding automatic cars and SUVs were two such examples.
That, it hopes, will help it keep customers even as their wealth rises -- rather than watch them trade in their Maruti for Honda Motor Co and Hyundai Motor Co.
Passenger car sales in India, expected to be the third-largest market by 2018, are forecast to rise between 5 and 10 percent this fiscal year, after two years of declining sales.
(1 US dollar = 61.4200 Indian rupee)
 
(Reporting by Aditi Shah; Editing by Miral Fahmy and Clara Ferreira Marques)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

China takes aim at online gunrunnersChina takes aim at online gunrunners
Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c8ee584-60d9-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saudi Arabia targets its Syria fightersSaudi Arabia cracks down on youths joining Syria jihadis
By Simeon Kerr in Riyadh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c98efe4e-8d88-11e3-bbe7-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eurofighter turns to social mediaEurofighter turns to social media with Indonesia pitch
Ben Bland and Peggy Hollinger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e7a10a4-6366-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Not disappointed by a private conversation - Dravid'Not disappointed by a private conversation' - Dravid
1 month 4 days ago, ESPNcricinfo
Responding to Sachin Tendulkar's allegation that Greg Chappell wanted Rahul Dravid out of the captaincy before the 2007 World Cup, Dravid told ESPNcricinfo he was not disappointed over a "private conversation between two people" more than seven years ago
MORE TOP STORIES TODAY

Midterm Elections 2014Nov 4, 2014, 4:03 AM ET
ABCNews.com
Election Day is here, and the main event is the battle for the Senate. Here’s a quick way to understand the stakes and the trends that will develop over the course of the night – and maybe beyond – to determine which party will hold control.
ABC News is working off a list of 16 states (out of 36 total Senate seats on the ballot) that we see potentially swinging to a different party (starting with the earliest poll closings and finishing with the latest): Virginia, Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, West Virginia, New Hampshire, Arkansas, Colorado, Louisiana, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, South Dakota, Iowa, Montana and Alaska. Of the states on that list, 13 are held by Democrats now and only Georgia, Kentucky, and Kansas are currently held by Republicans.
Here are five things to keep in mind as you get ready to watch tonight’s returns:
1.
THE MATH
Republicans need a net gain of six seats to take over control of the Senate, which is now 55-45 in favor of the Democrats. Pollsters and party strategists agree that Republicans start the night at least halfway home because retiring Democratic senators in West Virginia, Montana, and South Dakota appear certain to be replaced by Republicans. Polling suggests that a fourth seat, in Arkansas, is tipping toward the GOP. That means Republicans could take over with just two additional victories out of a universe of 10 competitive seats now held by Democrats – assuming the GOP doesn’t suffer an upset in a race or two where a Republican incumbent is playing defense.
2.
THE BELLWETHERS
Two states with early poll closing times will provide an early glimpse into whether we’re seeing a Republican wave. Polls close at 7:30 p.m. Eastern in North Carolina and 8 p.m. Eastern in New Hampshire. A loss by Democrats in either or both of those states would strongly suggest a wipeout of a night for Democrats, since incumbents have held narrow but consistent leads in both states. Also watch Virginia, with its 7 p.m. Eastern poll closing, for closer-than-expected results that would portend a huge night for Republicans. Democrats winning those three seats won’t guarantee they can hang on to the majority. But losing any combination of them means the majority will almost certainly be lost.
3.
THE FIREWALL
Democrats can actually lose the Senate if Republicans only win seats in states won by former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney two years ago. But they’re almost guaranteed to lose control if Republicans pick up either or both of two significant bluish states, both of which carry special symbolic value for President Obama: Iowa and Colorado. Barack Obama carried both states in 2008 and 2012. But polls and early-voting figures point to strong GOP pickup chances in those states, suggesting a crumbling of the Democratic voting base this year.
4.
THE WILDCARDS
Quirks and quirky personalities leave Democrats optimistic about their chances in two states few thought would be on the board this late in the cycle: Georgia and Kansas. The Democrat in Georgia has found late momentum in running against the business record of the Republican. Georgia requires a winning candidate to clear 50 percent, with a runoff triggered for Jan. 6 if nobody gets to that threshold. And in Kansas, the independent candidate is the main opposition to the Republican incumbent after Democrats succeeded in getting their candidate off the ballot. That independent hasn’t said which party he’d join up with in Washington, but Republicans strongly suspect he’d be a Democrat in all but name.
5.
THE LATE DECIDERS
Even without accounting for the possibility of multiple recounts, three states in particular could deliver overtime. Start with Alaska, where polls don’t close until 1 a.m. Eastern and slow-voting and lagging absentee ballots could keep us without a winner for days or weeks. And Louisiana and Georgia both require winners to break a majority of total voters. Louisiana is almost certain to have a runoff, which would be held Dec. 6. Georgia’s possible runoff would be a full month later. Republicans might need none of these seats to establish a majority. Or, they might need all of them.
Get real-time results pushed to your phone on Election Night. Click here to sign up for the races that matter most to you.

Alibaba earnings eclipse forecastsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Blackstone pledge over $42bn cashpileBlackstone pledge over $42bn cashpile
Henny Sender in Hong Kong and Anne-Sylvaine Chassany in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/752b3776-5544-11e4-89e8-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blackstone / Taubman  rolling the dice© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3538e926-50ba-11e4-b73e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UBS loses case over derivatives contractsUBS loses case over KWL derivatives contracts
Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06f81610-640e-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

19 stocks are real turkeys in November19 stocks are real turkeys in November
By: Matt Krantz November 4, 2014 9:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
November might be the time investors think about getting back into the market. But tread carefully: some stocks have a long track record of being turkeys during the month.
There are 19 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including energy company Chesapeake Energy (CHK) , insurer American International Group (AIG) and real-estate investment trust Health Care REIT (HCN) that have lagged the market in each and every of the past five Novembers, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Investors commonly think if they sell in May and get back in the market in November they’re all set. But investors in these 19 stocks have found that November can actually be a frustrating and cruel month — especially in defensive sectors like energy and real-estate.
When it comes to stocks that disappoint in November, energy is clearly on the top of the list. Chesapeake Energy, an energy exploration firm is the biggest November turkey. The stock has declined each and every of the past five Novembers — falling short, too, of the S&P 500. On average, the stock has lost 6.9% during November the past five years.
The fact is that in November, investors are shaking their fears and looking for growth for the next year. That’s bad news for real-estate investment trusts, too, which tend to be favorites with investors when they’re cautious and looking for super-sized dividend yields. Health Care REIT, for instance, is down 5.7% on average the past five Novembers. Last November, for instance, the stock tumbled 14% while the market rose 2.8%.
Perhaps this year will play out differently. Energy stocks have already been punished during the summer as oil prices fall. And long-term investors might pay attention to the fact that several of the November turkeys still have room to rise before hitting analysts’ price targets.
But it’s hard to deny investors definitely have an aversion to certain types of stocks in recent Novembers.
Gobble. Gobble.
S&P 500 STOCKS THAT LAGGED THE MARKET IN EACH AND EVERY OF THE PAST FIVE NOVEMBERS
Company

AstraZeneca strikes deals on cancer drugsAstraZeneca strikes deals on cancer drugs
Andrew Ward, Pharmaceuticals Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8fd529c-641e-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Moody s says Bharti Airtel Q2 numbers credit...You are here: Home > Collections
Moody's says Bharti Airtel Q2 numbers credit positive
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 09.59PM IST
Tags:
Annalisa Di Chiara
(Bharti Airtel's total…)
MUMBAI: Global rating agency Moody's today said the second quarter earnings of Bharti Airtel are credit positive while suggesting the company reduce its consolidated adjusted debt/Ebitda to below 2 times.
"The rating (Baa3) outlook is stable based on the expectation that Bharti will continue to grow its core Indian and African wireless businesses and the Group will continue to deleverage on both on absolute and relative basis," Moody's said, adding the rating may see upward pressure should the company's overall credit profile continue to improve.
"Credit metrics for first half of year (FY15) remain broadly in line with our expectations with Bharti maintaining strong momentum in its domestic mobile business," Moody's Vice -President and Senior Analyst Annalisa Di Chiara said.
Last week, the country's largest telcom services provider reported a near three-fold surge in net profit at Rs 1,383 crore, driven by growth in data revenue.
Bharti Airtel's total revenue rose 7.1 per cent to Rs 22,845 crore in Q2, boosted by a consolidated mobile data revenue of Rs 2,540 crore (up 66.7% Y-o-Y), contributing more than two-thirds of the incremental revenues.
Mobile data traffic grew significantly by 94.6 per cent to 78.1 billion MBs during Q2 from 40.1 billion MBs in the same quarter last year. Bharti said mobile data revenues now represent 11.1 per cent of the total topline as compared to 7.1 per cent in the corresponding quarter last year.
"We would like to see Bharti reduce consolidated adjusted debt/Ebitda to below 2 times and consolidated adjusted free cash-flow to debt to exceed 10 per cent," the rating agency said.
Moody's said it would also like to see a track-record that shows some of its key markets outside India like Nigeria demonstrate the ability to upstream cash flows to Bharti, while the operating performance of those subsidiaries remains solid.
"Downward pressure on rating could arise should competition intensify in any of its key markets, but particularly for the domestic wireless business, or its key operations and/or subsidiaries report materially declining margins, or Bharti fails to continue with its deleveraging strategy," Moody's said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Burger King teams with e-bay for Whooper pre...Burger King
(As per the agreement, customer…)
NEW DELHI: US-based global hamburger fast food restaurants chain Burger King today said that it has entered into an agreement with online market place eBay for pre-order of its famous Whopper.
As per the agreement, customer of eBay India can pre-order the Whopper prior to the opening of the Burger King outlet in Delhi between November 3 to 5, Burger King India, the Indian arm of QSR giant Burger King said in a statement.
"The campaign and promotion is a limited time offer for the opening of the first restaurant of Burger King in India. eBay India shoppers can redeem their purchase and bite into the 5-inch diameter iconic burger at the outlet when it opens," Burger King India said.
The Whopper, famous for its flame grilled patty, is Burger King's signature burger created in Miami in 1957. It is in three variants - vegetarian, chicken and mutton which is a first in the Indian market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba shares hit record highs on earningsAlibaba shares hit record highs as earnings meet estimates
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 10.29PM IST
Alibaba's shares rose about 2.7 percent to more than $104.50. The company listed in September at $68 a share.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shares rose to a record high on Tuesday after the Chinese e-commerce company reported strong second-quarter results and said it would invest for the long term to expand its customer base.
It was Alibaba's first quarterly report since its $25 billion listing in New York in September. Its shares rose about 2.7 percent to more than $104.50. The company listed in September at $68 a share.
"We delivered a strong quarter with significant growth across our key operating metrics," Jonathan Lu , chief executive officer of Alibaba, said in the earnings statement.
The non-GAAP net income of $1.11 billion for the July-September quarter - which excludes the share-based compensation expenses and amortisation of intangible assets - compared with a consensus estimate of $1.17 billion based on a Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate poll of 21 analysts.
Revenue rose 53.7 percent to $2.74 billion, versus expected sales of $2.7 billion, its fastest growth in three quarters. Diluted earnings per share were $0.20, while non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.45, up 9.4 percent year-on-year.
But overall profit margins shrank to a two-year low of 18 percent, as extraordinary expenses the company chiefly attributed to share-based compensation charges of $490 million around the time of its initial public offering ate into profits.
NON-STOP SHOP
Alibaba also indicated its shopping spree, in which it has spent more than $6 billion since the beginning of the year, might not yet be at an end as the company aims to increase its user base.
Alibaba "will continue to make strategic investments to grow our revenue... and to strengthen our eco-system for a long time," Chief Financial Officer Maggie Wu said in an earnings call with analysts.
These investments are geared toward adding more customers and converting them into users of Alibaba's core e-commerce businesses, as well as increasing the number of products and services Alibaba offers, Joe Tsai, the company's executive vice chair, said.
The company also said it would invest in new initiatives such as its mobile operating system, location-based services and digital entertainment.
Mobile revenue was more than ten times higher than in the same period last year and accounted for 22 percent of total revenues, as Alibaba continued to ramp up the money it makes from sales conducted via mobile phones.
Gross merchandise volume (GMV), or the total value of goods sold on Alibaba marketplaces, rose 48.7 percent year-on-year to $90.5 billion dollars. Mobile GMV accounted for 35.8 percent of the total, up from 14.7 percent in the same quarter of 2013.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Tata Power installs 36 bio-gas plants in MundraBio-gas plants
(As part of its CSR activity,…)
AHMEDABAD: As part of its CSR activity, Coastal Gujarat Power Ltd (CGPL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Power, has installed 36 bio-gas plants across eight villages in Mundra and Mandvi talukas of Kutch district, the company said.
CGPL, which has its Ultra Mega Power Project(UMPP) in Mundra, has undertaken the installation of bio-gas plants under project 'Annapurna' in association with Tata Power Community Development Trust ( TPCDT ), it said.
Through this initiative, Tata Power aims to promote the use of household bio-gas using cow dung. Being considerably cheaper than the conventional energy sources, the daily input in each Bio-Gas plant is nearly 40 KG which enables cooking for a family of 5 to 6 people.
The total cost of each plant is Rs 26,200, of which Rs 18,000 was invested by Tata Power with Rs 8,200 contributed by the community. Each bio-gas unit has also resulted in monthly savings of nearly Rs 300, which was earlier spent on wood and kerosene, the release said.
The company also claims that these units will assist in protection of the environment as well as health of the villagers as it avoids pollution caused by burning wood. This reduction in pollution further protects the families from future ailments such as asthmatic problems, cataract etc.
Speaking on the initiative, K K Sharma, CEO and ED of CGPL said, "These bio-gas plants equip us with a bouquet of benefits while utilising readily available natural resources, which protects villagers from chronic diseases arising out of burning wood and coal."
FEATURED ARTICLES

US trade deficit widens in Sept; exports at a five-month lowThe US trade deficit unexpectedly widened in September as exports hit a five-month low, suggesting slowing global demand could undercut economic growth in the final three months of the year.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US trade deficit unexpectedly widened in September as exports hit a five-month low, suggesting slowing global demand could undercut economic growth in the final three months of the year.
The Commerce Department said on Tuesday the trade gap increased 7.6 per cent to $43.03 billion. Economists had forecast the shortfall at $40.00 billion in September.
"The disappointing performance in export activity suggests that the loss of export competitiveness from the strong dollar and the weak global backdrop are becoming a net drag on US economic activity," said Millan Mulraine, deputy chief economist at TD Securities in New York.
The trade deficit was bigger than the $38.1 billion gap that the government had assumed in its advance gross domestic product estimate for the third quarter published last week.
The weak trade data came on the heels of a report on Monday showing a decline in construction spending in September.
Economists said the two reports combined suggested that the third-quarter 3.5 per cent annual growth pace could be cut by as much as half a per centage point when the government publishes its revisions later this month.
Trade was reported to have contributed 1.32 per centage points to GDP growth.
US financial markets were little moved by the trade data.
In another report, the Commerce Department said orders for factory goods fell for second straight month in September. Relatively firm domestic demand, however, is expected to keep US factories humming.
Exports in September fell 1.5 per cent to $195.59 billion, the lowest since April, a sign that weakening demand in key markets such as China and the euro zone was starting to weigh.
Exports are likely to weaken further after a survey of US manufacturers published on Monday showed a decline in a gauge of export order growth.
STRENGTHENING DOLLAR
Apart from slowing global demand, export growth is seen crimped by a strong dollar, which so far this year has strengthened by about 4 per cent against the currencies of the country's main trading partners.
The decline in exports in September was broad-based, with the exception of food and beverages, which rose.
Exports to the European Union fell 6.5 per cent in September, while those to China slipped 3.2 per cent. Exports to Japan tumbled 14.7 per cent. There were also declines in exports to Mexico and Brazil.
Overall imports were unchanged in September as petroleum imports hit their lowest level since November 2009. A domestic energy boom has seen the United States reduce its dependence on foreign oil, helping to temper the trade deficit.
Declining crude oil prices, which hit a seven-month low in September, are also helping to put downward pressure on the value of petroleum imports.
Consumer goods imports, however, were the highest on record, as were non-petroleum imports. Economists were disappointed with the stall in imports, but were encouraged by the rise in consumer goods imports as this was a sign domestic demand was holding firmer.
Page 1 of 2

Barack Obama to visit Asia Pacific region  may meet PM ModiYou are here: Home > Collections > Myanmar
Barack Obama to visit Asia Pacific region, may meet Narendra Modi
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 12.41AM IST
Tags:
Apec Summit
(President Barack Obama…)
WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama will travel to China, Myanmar and Australia next week during a six-day trip to attend a series of key multilateral and bilateral meetings with foreign leaders including Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
He will attend APEC Summit in Beijing (November 10-12), East Asia Summit and US ASEAN Summit in Myanmar (November 12-14) and G-20 Leaders Summit in Brisbane, Australia (November 15-16), a White House statement said.
Obama and Modi could have a bilateral meeting either in Myanmar or Australia and get a chance to review the progress made in the bilateral ties after their maiden meeting at the White House on September 30, sources said.
China would be the first destination for Obama where he would attend the APEC Leaders Meeting and APEC CEO Summit.
Upon the conclusion of the APEC Leaders Meeting, he will have a state visit at the invitation of his Chinese counterpart.
In Myanmar, from November 12-14, Obama will attend the East Asia Summit (EAS) and the US-ASEAN Summit in Nay Pi Taw, and hold a bilateral meeting with President Thein Sien.
In Rangon on November 14, the President will participate in a town hall event with participants in the Young South East Asia Leaders Initiative (YSEALI) and meet opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, the White House said.
Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy party is expected to win in elections in 2015, but the Myanmar constitution currently bars her from running for president.
In Australia from November 15-16, Obama will participate in the G20 Leaders Summit and deliver a speech on US leadership in the Asia-Pacific, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sale of tickets begins for India-SL ODI at HyderabadSale of tickets begins for India-SL ODI at Hyderabad
The Missing Link: Moving Beyond First-Level Solutions to Women s Leadershipreddit
It has been a hectic but exciting fall packed with travel and speaking engagements at executive forums and conferences nationwide. At these events, I've continued to explore with companies this perennial question: "How do we attract, retain, and advance women leaders?"
My most recent talk engaged top executives from Fortune 500 organizations who are responsible for talent development, or play a key role in talent recruitment while running a significant part of their organization. Most if not all of these well-known organizations have invested significantly in their high-potential women and have developed programs to support women leaders.
Yet disappointingly, the majority of these executives shared with me that all the hard work and investment in these promising initiatives has not resulted in the desired progress. They were well aware that the primary goal of these programs is to help facilitate and grow the next generation of corporate leadership, of which women are a key component. Yet despite their best intentions, something was clearly not working, and they could not pinpoint the confounding issues despite their investment in their top women.
Common Problems, First-Level Solutions
We've all heard the problems before, so I'll just briefly touch on what's becoming obvious now to executives across the board (and on the board)--as well as provide some first-level solutions. However, I want to emphasize that as stand-alone strategies, none of these suggestions on its own is powerful enough to break through the corporate glass ceiling or help women get off of the " sticky floor ":
Problem: Our society and most corporate cultures are still hard-wired with the traditional biases and assumptions that put men and women in separate boxes--as opposed to one common box--when it comes to exploring potential leadership greatness.
First-level solution: Companies striving to achieve a balanced leadership model that values and blends the unique attributes of both men and women.
Problem: In addition to these external limitations, women have their own "sticky floors" when it comes to reaching higher levels of leadership. These are the self-limiting beliefs, assumptions, and behaviors that hold women back from achieving their key goals and career objectives--particularly concerning leadership.
First-level solution: Women taking more control of their destiny, declaring their value, and stepping up into the appropriate position on their senior leadership teams by looking within and acknowledging their unique strengths.
Problem: The dearth of women in senior leadership is not just a women's problem--it's everyone's problem, including men. Men play a significant role in this situation, and based on the sheer numbers of men in senior roles, they can seriously impact the lack of women in leadership--but they often don't.
First-level solution: This problem is based more on lack of awareness than lack of concern about the issues. Since many men remain unaware of the significant role they can play in turning things around for women leaders through their engagement and support, they fail to see themselves as a major part of the solution. Men can take action to mentor, sponsor, promote, and advance women into senior leadership.
Problem: Many organizations have done a lot when it comes to leadership development and diversity training in an effort to fill the leadership pipeline with qualified female candidates--but despite this, there are still too few women in the top spots.
First-level solution: CEOs and other senior leaders need to fully embrace the business case for actually advancing more women to the senior ranks by expressing this as a top priority on the strategic agenda and closely monitoring progress.
In my next post, we'll explore a strategy that incorporates this entire "ecosystem" to reach better results than any of these individual components can achieve alone.
To find out how organizations can eliminate outdated assumptions and move towards true cultural transformation, visit www.shambaughleadership.com . A SHAMBAUGH consultant can help your company take a deeper dive on this critical issue.
Follow Rebecca Shambaugh on Twitter: www.twitter.com/beckyshambaugh
More:

Oil price war hots upOil price war hots up
The woman who has made up for 59 years of BollywoodbiasIt’s been a lonely battle for Charu Khurana. (Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Written by Dipti Nagpaul | Mumbai | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:38 am
One afternoon in 2000, alone at her Lajpat Nagar residence in Delhi, Charu Khurana was sifting through her mother’s closet when she came across her vanity kit and decided to take a peep. She was surprised to find cosmetic products by some of the biggest brands like Christian Dior and MAC. She knew her mother used to be an independent make-up artist, a career she gave up when Khurana was a toddler.
Khurana, who was then a college student and couldn’t afford “even a regular lipstick”, decided to test the cosmetics on herself. The result left her amazed. The incident opened up a world of possibilities for Khurana, today a make-up artist who has worked with stars from the Hindi, Telugu and Tamil film industries.
“I was an amateur then, yet I could see how a bit of skill and use of quality products could enhance one’s appearance. It drove me to follow my mother’s footsteps,” recalls Khurana, 32.
After completing her degree in business administration, Khurana trained under Delhi-based make-up artist Vidya Tikari for two years. But unlike her mother, she wanted to travel and experiment with her craft — not limit herself to bridal make-up or freelancing for events. She knew that working in the film industry would allow her to spread her wings.
However, her dream was thwarted when she moved to Mumbai in 2009, after a post-graduate diploma from the Cinema Makeup School in Los Angeles. For months, she tried to get a membership card of the Cine Costume Make-up Artists and Hair Dressers Association (CCMAA), but she was refused on some count or another. “I would be told they were not issuing new memberships or that I should opt for a hair dresser’s card. I was being misled,” she says.
In late 2009, when she was working on the Tamil remake of A Wednesday!, Unnaipol Oruvan, the union raided the film’s sets. They humiliated her and slapped a fine of Rs 25,000. That’s when Khurana discovered the union’s rule that bars women from working as make-up artists. She was forced to quit the film, although the lead actor, Kamal Haasan, tried to intervene on her behalf. Khurana paid the fine but decided it was time she took on the association and get the archaic rule scrapped.
Her five-year-long battle is now nearing its end. The Supreme Court on Monday said the 59-year-old rule is “constitutionally impermissible discrimination”. Khurana, the chief petitioner in the case, was assured that if the CCMAA didn’t come back with a “positive response” by the next hearing (November 10), an order would be passed for the clause to be deleted.
“I was getting good offers and opportunities in the field of make-up when I came to Mumbai after completing my diploma. I was one of the few local artists equipped to handle prosthetics, continued…

Rains kill 8 in Haiti  cause floodingelsewhereHeavy rains caused by a cluster of storms in the northern Caribbean killed at least eight people in Haiti.
By: Associated Press | Port-au-prince | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:34 am
Heavy rains caused by a cluster of storms in the northern Caribbean killed at least eight people in Haiti and caused major flooding on Tuesday in the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico, authorities said.
Three children died in the capital of Port-au-Prince after the wall of a home fell on them, said civil protection officer Nadia Lochard. Five other people died in the northern city of Cap-Haitien, including four who drowned while attempting to cross a swollen river and another person who apparently was electrocuted, officials said.
More than 1,200 homes in Cap-Haitien also were flooded, and authorities say a vast number of crops have been damaged and livestock killed.
In the nearby Dominican province of Monte Cristi, across the border that Haiti shares with the Dominican Republic, authorities evacuated several families after a river overflowed its banks and cut off access to several communities. School officials canceled classes in some areas.
Flooding also was reported across Puerto Rico, forcing several roads to close. A flood warning was in effect through early Wednesday.
A couple of small landslides have occurred in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami said the cluster of storms is expected to strengthen some by Wednesday or Thursday, but is not likely to reach subtropical status as it moves to the north-northeast.

Merchandise sellers like Bluegape & Collectabillia fast attracting investors  attentionMerchandise sellers like Bluegape & Collectabillia fast attracting investors  attention
BSE Sensex soars 217 pts to 5-wk high ahead of US Fed meet outcomePrint
BSE Sensex crossed the 27000 market, up over 140 points in early morning trade. (Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 10:17 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 4:48 pm
The benchmark Sensex today surged 217 points to end at five-week high of 27,098.17 powered by gains in interest rate sensitive stocks, tracking rally in global markets ahead of the outcome of US Federal Reserve’s policy meeting.
Besides, hopes of further economic reforms by Modi government, rising rate cut expectations and fall in international oil price too buoyed sentiments, said brokers.
Rising for the straight second straight day, the BSE Sensex reclaimed the key 27,000-mark for the first time since September 22.
It touched the day’s high of 27,107.93 before settling the day with a gain of 217.35 points, or 0.81 per cent, at 27,098.17 points. The gauge had gained 127.92 points in the previous session.
The 50-share NSE Nifty ended 62.85 points, or 0.78 per cent, higher at 8,090.45 after moving between 8,097.95 and 8,052.25 intra-day.
“Expectations from FOMC meet, resultant nervousness and profit booking kept the market range-bound today. We expect US Fed to wrap up its bond buying program but it would continue to maintain low interest rates for long term,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
In addition, covering-up of short positions by speculators ahead of tomorrow’s monthly expiry in the Indian derivatives segment played a part in trading.
Stocks of commercial vehicle makers were in good demand. Tata Motors shares climbed 3.41 per cent and M&M gained 1.77 per cent among others. Other Sensex components which supported the key indices included Hindalco, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, RIL and Infosys.
Dr Reddy’s Laboratories reported 16.82 per cent decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 574.1 crore for the second quarter. It shares fell over one per cent. Dr Reddy’s peer, Sun Pharma also saw its counter slip over 1 per cent.
The breadth of the market was positive with BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices inching higher.
Sectorwise, BSE Realty index gained the most by rising 2.97 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.63 pc), Auto index (1.79 pc), IT index (1.47 pc), FMCG index (1.23 pc) and Oil & gas index (1.19 pc).

Rajasthan labour law awaits Presidents nodPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 4:31 am
Big labour reforms across the country are just a signature away. The central government has cleared the various changes made to its laws by the Rajasthan government, and these were sent to President Pranab Mukherjee for his signature on Tuesday. He is expected to sign on within a few days.
Click here for graph
Once this is done, other states are expected to follow suit. Madhya Pradesh has already started the process of making similar changes along the lines that Rajasthan has.
While Rajasthan had sent its labour law changes to the Centre some months ago, a mandatory process of consultation with various
ministries is required. Once this was over, the home
ministry sent the Rajasthan law to the President.
Rajasthan has made three sets of changes to the Factories Act, the Industrial Disputes Act and the Contract Labour Act. Under the changes, government permission will not be required for retrenchment of workers if the factory has 300 workers — this is 100 right now.
Similarly, trade unions will need to represent at least 30% of workers in order to be recognised — this is 15% right now. And in the case of the Factories Act, it is to be applicable only to firms that have more than 20 workers as opposed to 10 right now.
Under Article 252(2), even if the state law runs counter to the central law, the President’s assent ensures the state law prevails. So, once President Mukherjee signs on to Rajasthan’s laws, other states like Madhya Pradesh are expected to rush in their laws as well.
 

Government says its hands tied  defers tax treaty signingPrint
Govt says can’t commit on confidentiality until word from Supreme Court. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 5:58 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 8:29 am
On a day when it furnished before the Supreme Court  the full list of 627 Indians  having accounts in foreign banks, the NDA government put off the signing of a crucial multilateral agreement aimed at facilitating access to financial information on taxpayers abroad.
This has been prompted by the uncertainties on whether India can commit to maintaining the confidentiality of inputs received from foreign countries in accordance with the international pact, specifically in the wake of the apex court’s ruling on Tuesday wherein it sought a full disclosure by the government of illegal accounts held by Indians abroad.
The proposed pact — called Competent Authority Agreement (CAA) — was scheduled to be signed on Wednesday in Berlin at the OECD’s global tax forum and India was to be represented by a joint secretary of the foreign tax division of the tax department, who is the competent authority for the forum.
However, due to the turn of events in the ongoing proceedings on black money in the SC, a junior officer — a director — was sent to attend the two-day event with the mandate to effectively explain that India “is not in a position to sign the agreement currently due to internal issues”, a senior official told The Indian Express.
“The department is still not clear on whether it can go ahead with this agreement as it requires a commitment for maintaining confidentiality in accordance with the international laws. The SC’s order to disclose all the names of Indians holding illegal foreign accounts has the department in a quandary,” the official said. He added that India would revisit the issue after formulating a strategy to deal with the subject of the “confidentiality clause”.
Earlier, the government had filed an affidavit seeking a clarification from the apex court on whether it could enter into treaties that demand commitment to maintaining the confidentiality of information received as per international standards. The absence of such a commitment, the government had argued, would put the country at a disadvantage as it “will not be able to receive information about Indians hiding their money in other countries including offshore financial centres and tax havens through multi-layered entities with non-transparent ownership”.
The CAA is a prelude to an annual automatic exchange of information between governments on financial accounts including balances, interest, dividends and sales proceeds from financial assets, held by individuals, trusts or foundations. In September, Minister of State for Finance Nirmala Sitharaman, at the G-20 meeting in Australia, had extended full support to the automatic exchange of tax and banking information and had agreed to a common time to exchange information automatically by 2017. Though not a legal document, the CAA will act as a template for inter-governmental agreements and the members will be continued…

ICICI Bank Q2 profit up 15 pct to Rs 2 709 crore  beats estimatesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BSE Sensex rises 248 pts to end at new closing peak of 27 346.33 ptsPrint
The 30-share BSE index rose as much as 1.1 percent to an all-time high of 27,390.60. (Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 30, 2014 10:56 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 4:09 pm
Indian shares rose nearly 1 percent to a record high on Thursday as investors bet an improving economy and government reforms would allow the country to better withstand potential rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve.
The 30-share BSE index rose as much as 1.1 percent to an all-time high of 27,390.60, while the NSE index gained as much as 1.12 percent to mark a record high of 8,181.55, surpassing their previous highs hit on Sept. 8.
Exporters led gainers on the increased Fed optimism about the U.S. economy, with Infosys Ltd provisionally ending up 1.6 percent while rival Tata Consultancy Services Ltd gaining 2.3 percent.
The benchmark BSE index provisionally closed 0.73 percent higher, while the broader NSE index gained 0.82 percent, rising for eight sessions in nine.

Gold prices plunge by Rs 600 at Rs 26 500; lowest level since 2010In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity dropped further by Rs 600 each to trade at over one-month low of Rs 26,500 and Rs 26,300 per 10 grams. (Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:24 pm
Gold prices plunged by Rs 600 to Rs 26,500 per 10 grams in the national capital today after the precious metal slumped to the lowest level since 2010 in global markets as the strengthening dollar eroded demand for the commodity.
Besides, subdued demand from jewellers and retailers following end of festive season and shifting of funds towards soaring equity markets, weighed on prices of the precious metal.
Silver followed suit and recorded a sharp fall of Rs 1,700 to Rs 36,150 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion merchants said a weak trend in global markets as US economic data and a stronger dollar eroded demand mainly put pressure on the precious metal prices.
Further, a subdued trend at the domestic markets as demand dried up due to end of festive season, dampened sentiments, they added.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 2.6 per cent to USD 1,167.49 an ounce, the lowest since July 2010 and silver plunged three per cent to USD 16.00 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
Besides, investors shifting funds towards soaring equity market also had a negative impact.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity dropped further by Rs 600 each to trade at over one-month low of Rs 26,500 and Rs 26,300 per 10 grams, respectively. It had lost Rs 400 yesterday.
Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs 200 to Rs 23,900 per piece of eight grams.
Silver ready dropped by Rs 1,700 to Rs 36,150 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,980 to Rs 35,580 per kg.
Silver coins also nosedived by Rs 4,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
 

NTPC Q2 profit down 17% at Rs 2 072 crorePrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 4:40 pm
Country’s largest thermal power producer NTPC reported nearly 17 per cent drop in net profit at Rs 2,071.63 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15, pulled down by changes in tariff regulations.
It had posted net profit of Rs 2,492.90 crore in the July -September quarter of 2013-14, NTPC said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
The decline in profit after tax is mainly on account of changes in Tariff Regulations, 2014, the company said in an official statement.
In July, electricity regulator Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) rejected NTPC’s petition seeking changes in the tariff norms from 2014-19.
NTPC had said that its generation incentives should be linked to the actual power produced instead of the supply.
The CERC, in its order dated June 30, said the risks associated with the business of electricity generation had been taken care of in the 2014 tariff regulations.
The state-run firm’s total income from operations increased to Rs 16,736.63 crore from Rs 16,448.90 crore in the same period last fiscal.
Fuel cost on year-on-year basis went up to Rs 11,439.33 crore from Rs 10,139.25 crore whereas the company’s other income fell to Rs 530.69 crore as against Rs 627.19 crore, in the corresponding period.
In September, NTPC signed an initial agreement with Andhra Pradesh state government to develop 1,000 MW solar power projects at suitable sites in a phased manner. The projects will be implemented on Build-Own-Operate basis in the state.
For the second quarter of FY 2014-15, gross generation was 55.421 Billion Units (BUs) as against 54.519 BUs in corresponding quarter of previous year.
During the first six months of the current fiscal (April-September), the company’s gross power generation grew to 118.554 BUs from 111.524 BUs for the corresponding period in previous year.
 

Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41 per litre  diesel rate lowered by Rs 2.25Petrol will cost Rs 64.25 a litre in Delhi from tomorrow as against Rs 66.65 currently. In Mumbai, the rate will be cut by Rs 2.55 a litre to Rs 71.91. (Source: Express Archives)
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 9:16 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:10 am
Petrol price was today cut by Rs 2.41 a litre, the sixth reduction since August, and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre on back of falling international oil rates.
The reduction in rates of petrol and diesel, which was deregulated for the first time in more than a decade, will be effective from midnight tonight, Indian Oil Corp, the nation’s largest fuel retailer, announced.
The Rs 2.41 a litre price cut in petrol and Rs 2.25 in diesel was after accounting for a 10-15 paise increase in commission paid to petrol pump dealers. The reduction should have been higher by 10-15 paise if the dealer commission had not been increased.
Petrol will cost Rs 64.25 a litre in Delhi from tomorrow as against Rs 66.65 currently. In Mumbai, the rate will be cut by Rs 2.55 a litre to Rs 71.91.
Since August, petrol price has been cumulatively cut by Rs 9.36 per litre. Prices vary from state to state because of differential rate of local sales tax or VAT.
Diesel rates have been cut for the second time this month. The nation’s most consumed fuel will now cost Rs 53.35 per litre in Delhi from tomorrow compared to Rs 55.60 a litre at present.
In Mumbai, diesel price has been reduced by Rs 2.50 to Rs 61.04.
The government had on October 18 freed diesel prices from its control, giving freedom to oil marketing companies to adjust rates in line with cost. On that day, rates were cut by Rs 3.37 per litre, the first reduction in price of diesel in over five years. The previous decline dates back to January 2009.
Simultaneously, the price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs 18.5 to Rs 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
Since August, this is the fourth reduction in rate of non-subsidised LPG which consumers buy after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced.
The only exception being October 23 when prices went up by a marginal Rs 3 per cylinder following government raising the commission paid to LPG dealers/distributors.
“The price of petrol was last revised downwards with effect from October 15 by Rs 1.21 per litre (including state levies at Delhi) on the back of declining international oil prices,” IOC statement said.
IOC said the government decided to make diesel prices market-determined for all consumers on October 18.
“Subsequently, with effect from October 19, based on prevailing level of international prices and Rupee-USD exchange rate, the selling price of diesel in continued…

Deficit at 83% of target  Arun Jaitley says alls wellPrint
New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 2:16 am
The Centre’s fiscal deficit in the April-September period crossed R4.38 lakh crore, or 82.6% of the full-year estimate as its revenue receipts remained at a third of the annual target and spending scaled.
During the corresponding period of last year, the fiscal deficit was at 76% of the full-year estimate.
The government nevertheless is confident of meeting the fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of GDP for FY15, as it relies on much higher savings on the revenue expenditure side in the second half of the year. A 10% cut in non-plan expenditure envisaged through austerity measures announced on Thursday and some improvement in tax collections in the second half are expected to help too.
A steep fall over the last few months in the price of Indian basket of crude, the the deregulation of diesel prices and deferment of the rollout of the Food Security Act will come in handy for the government.
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley said, “Fiscal deficit is showing an upward trend due to higher tax refunds of about R1.2 lakh crore in both direct and indirect taxes. We will be close to achieving the direct tax target for the year, while it may be a challenge in the case of indirect taxes.”
In the last few years of the UPA government, fiscal deficit targets were managed by squeezing productive (capital) spending. Delayed refunds of taxes and rolling over of subsidy disbursal a bit more than conventionally were the other strategies.
Non-plan expenditure on revenue account in the first half of the fiscal stood at 51% of the annual estimate, against 52.3% recorded in the same period a year ago. Analysts said this trend is likely to be accentuated in the coming months.
For the year, the finance ministry has kept a fiscal deficit target of R5.31 lakh crore or 4.1% of GDP. It was over R5.08 lakh crore or 4.5% of GDP in 2013-14.
Net tax receipts in the first half of the fiscal stood at R3.23 lakh crore, or 33.1% of the full-year estimate, while total revenue collection was over R4.17 lakh crore or 35.1% of the Budget estimate, showed data released by the Controller General of Accounts. Only dividend receipts in non-tax revenue met the target. The government aims to collect R7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes this year and R6.24 lakh crore from indirect taxes.
The data showed that the revenue deficit during April-September was over R3.45 lakh crore or 91.2 % of the full year target.
Total expenditure of the government during the first half was over R8.62 lakh crore or 48% of the annual estimate.

Jail term  severe penalties for guilty in black money in the works: SITPrint
SIT probing foreign accounts of Indians parking black money is considering severe punishments for taxpayers found guilty of stashing illegal money abroad. Reuters
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:48 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 9:47 am
The special investigation team (SIT) probing foreign accounts of Indians parking black money, set up by the Supreme Court (SC), is considering severe punishments for taxpayers found guilty of stashing illegal money abroad, including jail term, SIT vice-chairman Justice Arijit Pasayat told The Indian Express.
“We have to change the mindset of people that generating black money will put them behind bars. This message has to be given. Deterrence will come when you have some cases, exemplary cases, where the tax evaders have been suitably punished and sent to jail. Passing such judgement in one or two cases will not make any difference,” he said, adding that the main focus of the SIT is to prevent the generation of black money by effectively implementing the existing Income Tax Act, 1961.
“Several such orders will make people believe that they will go to jail if they evade tax and generate black money. This is our focus,” Pasayat added.
Under Sections 276C of the Income Tax Act, in case of a wilful attempt by tax payers to evade tax, penalty or any interest chargeable, she can be imprisoned for a term of six months extending up to seven years in case the evaded amount exceeds Rs 25 lakh.
In any other case, the rigorous imprisonment will not be less than three months and can be extended up to two years with fine.
A senior official close to the development said that the SIT is “looking at recovering the black money by attaching properties in cases where the taxpayers are not able to meet the tax liability raised by the income tax department”.
Pasayat said that recovery of the black  money is a crucial issue and attachment of properties would be an option for bringing such unaccounted money back into the country.

Eight key sectors see fastest employment growth  create direct jobsAs many as 1,82,000 jobs were created in these eight sectors including textiles, IT and automobiles during April to June 2014, according to a quarterly survey by the labour ministry. Reuters
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:42 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 9:56 am
Reflecting the uptick in the economy, employment generation in the eight key sectors grew at its fastest pace in over two years during the first quarter of this fiscal, with more jobs being given to permanent category workers.
As many as 1,82,000 jobs were created in these eight sectors including textiles, IT and automobiles during April to June 2014, according to a quarterly survey by the labour ministry.
In contrast, 36,000 jobs were lost in these sectors in the quarter ended March 2014. The sharpest growth prior to this was in the quarter ended December 2011 when 2,26,000 jobs were added in these sectors.
Direct category jobs recorded a rise as opposed to contract jobs, reflecting a shift in businesses towards long-term plans. “Employment under the direct category workers has increased by 156 thousand during the period June, 2014 over March, 2014, at overall level,” the survey noted.
This is the first such reversal in six months as 60,000 direct jobs were lost in the previous quarter.
Private forecasters too have estimated an uptick in employment over the next few months based on the international trends and the domestic economy. HR consultancy Teamlease has forecast double-digit job growth in select sectors and in most cities.
“The improved macro economic conditions coupled with India Inc’s plans to ramp up capacity and enter new markets seems to be having a positive impact on the hiring sentiments,” it said in its Business and Employment Outlook for the second half of the fiscal.
Industrial activity has been slowly reviving and the economy grew at its fastest pace in two years in the first quarter of the fiscal at 5.7 per cent. The government is hopeful of the GDP growth of 5.8 per cent in 2014-15.
Meanwhile, the labour ministry survey revealed six sectors except handloom and transport saw hiring activity.
The maximum jobs (59,000) were created in textiles, followed by IT and BPO sector (51,000), and metals  (47,000). Another 7,000 jobs each were generated in leather and gems and jewellery sectors during the first quarter of the fiscal. Further, more jobs were given out in exporting units than non-exporting units during the period.
The Shimla-based Labour Bureau conducts a quarterly survey of eight employment intensive sectors including textiles including apparel, leather, metals, automobiles, gems and jewellery, transport, IT/BPO, handloom and powerloom.
The surveys were started in January 2009 to assess the impact of the global financial crisis, but have now been converted into a quarterly survey on employment.

Centre asks states to issue mining leases within a monthPrint
Mines Ministry has issued new guidelines on submission of applications for mineral concession proposals.
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:33 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:07 am
The Centre has directed state governments to execute agreements within a month with companies whose applications for mining leases has been approved.
As per guidelines issued by the mines ministry on submission of applications for mineral concession proposals, once the government accords prior approval to a proposal for granting of either prospecting licence (PL) or a mining licence, the concerned state administration should issue a grant order to the applicant at the earliest. “This should be done without any delay, preferably within a period of one month of receipt of prior approval from the central government. Delays in execution of mineral concession agreements should be avoided,” according to the new guidelines.
The government is concerned that 63,393 applications for grants of PL and mining leases are pending with the governments of Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Gujarat, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa and Tamil Nadu. As per the existing rules, the timelines for disposal of reconnaisance permits are within six months, PL within nine months and mining leases within twelve months.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s office had recently expressed concern over the mounting of applications pending for grant of mineral concessions.
PM’s principal secretary Nripendra Misra wrote to mines secretary Anup K Pujari on September 3 saying his ministry needs to process pending application in a “transparent and prompt manner.” Misra also asked the mines secretary to “furnish monthly updates on actions taken by the mines ministry to revive legal and responsible mining.”
The revised guidelines also bar the states from processing mineral concessions in areas where the quantum of mineralisation is unknown. Under Section (5) of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, no mining lease shall be granted by a state unless there is evidence to show that the area for which the lease is applied for has been prospected or mineral contents there has been established otherwise. The states will also have to ensure that a prospecting report filed with it has established reserves as per United Nations Framework Classification 1997, while recommending a mining lease, according to the guidelines.
Secretary general of federation of Indian mineral industries (FIMI) RK Sharma welcomed the government’s move to make the states decide on mining applications in a time-bound manner.
The state governments must process applications only for those areas which have been notified as mineral-bearing zones, the fresh guidelines mandate.

Unauthorised disclosure on black money hampers probePrint
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley addresses NDA MP's during a High tea hosted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at his residence in New Delhi on Sunday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 1:38 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 10:12 am
Finance minister Arun Jaitley on Sunday said that disclosure of names of those with black money stashed in foreign bank accounts is not only unauthorised, but will violate the tax treaties and also hamper investigations to the benefit of the guilty.
“A disclosure in violation of tax treaties helps the account holder. The reciprocating state would treat this as a violation of a tax treaty and refuse to provide any evidence in support of the unauthorised account. The holder of the unauthorised account in the absence of any proof and confirmation from the reciprocating State would get the benefit in any investigation or prosecution,” the finance minister said in a post on his Facebook page, adding that a premature disclosure would also alert the account holder to prepare some documentation or even destroy evidence.
The finance minister explained that India was unable to participate in the recent multilateral pact on automatic exchange in Berlin since a prevalent view is that confidentiality clauses are unconstitutional in Indian law, adding that this needs to be reviewed.
“This view requires reconsideration,” he stressed, pointing out that an automatic exchange of information would relate both to authorised and unauthorised movement of money.
“Why should any information with regard to authorised movement of money be made public? Why should information even in relation of unauthorised movement of money be made public only for political or collateral purposes? Why should the account holder be alerted in advance?” he said.
In a post titled ‘Confidentiality clauses and the battle for tracing black money outside India’, on the same day as Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke on the issue of black money in his radio broadcast, Jaitley further said that an unauthorised disclosure of names could also lead to sanction of withholding taxes.
“They can attract sanctions in the form of withholding taxes. It is obvious that in a choice between unauthorised disclosure and disclosure as per treaties, the latter is both a fair and beneficial proposition. It will help in collection of evidence and exposure of a wrong doing in accordance with law and fair procedure,” he said, adding that the Reserve Bank of India has already cautioned about the adverse impact of non-compliance with the US government’s Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, 2010 (FATCA) that contains a confidentiality clause.
He also questioned the demand for disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties. “The Congress Party’s stand is understandable. It does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with SIT. Are some others ill informed, just indulging in bravado or are they Trojan horses,” he said.
The minister also continued…

Telangana Chalo Delhimeet    Cached
TJAC Gears up for Chalo Delhi Meet, Telangana JAC to Conduct Chalo Delhi Meet in Delhi. Demanding Pure Telangana State with no Tangles. Leaders Discussed on

India Inc to spend R14 000 crore towards CSR in 2014-15: JaitleyPrint
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley addresses speaking at the India Social Entrepreneur of the Year 2014 award function in New Delhi on Tuesday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:37 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:38 am
Finance minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday said companies are expected to pump in as much as Rs 14,000 crore for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities in 2014-15 and the amount will be increasing in subsequent years.
“… CSR alone in its very first year is going to contribute about Rs 14,000 crore into the (social) sector and that’s reasonably a large amount of money. This is going to increase year after year as corporate profits increase,” he said while speaking at a function organised jointly by the Jubilant Bhartia and Schwab foundations.
Under the new Companies Act, certain class of profitable companies are required to spend at least 2 per cent of their three-year average annual net profit for CSR activities.
The minister later gave India Social Entrepreneur of the Year 2014 award to Hanumappa Sudarshan of Karuna Trust.

Sop to set up gadget hubSop to set up gadget hub
Niko sniffs gain from gas price fiatNiko sniffs gain from gas price fiat
Berger Paints to split sharesBerger Paints to split shares
Coming: Law to save theGangaPrint
Written by Amitabh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:48 am
It may soon be illegal to pollute the river Ganga or obstruct its natural flow. The government is considering enacting a law to ensure that its efforts to clean the river and maintain an uninterrupted flow are not hampered.
Uma Bharti, the Minister of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation, recently said that, if necessary, a law would be framed. However, that would be the “last recourse”, she said.
But work on drafting the legislation is already going on. In fact, it had started during the time of the previous government itself. The UPA government had constituted an inter-ministerial committee in February this year to frame a draft legislation “for strengthening efforts to make the river pollution free and to ensure its continuous flow”.
That committee had held a few meetings, but before it could finalise a draft, a new government came to power. The Narendra Modi government, which has made Ganga cleaning one of its top priorities, is set to constitute another panel to take forward the unfinished job of drafting the legislation, according to an official source.
Among other things, the law, when enacted, is likely to make it binding on state governments to ensure that adequate flow is maintained along the entire length of the river. It is also likely to empower all relevant agencies to ensure that the Ganga and its tributaries flow in an unpolluted state and have minimum obstructions that restrict groundwater recharge.
The law is also expected to look at creation of new institutions that will work for the development, conservation and regeneration of the river and the basin.
The consortium of seven Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), which is finalising its report on Ganga River Basin Management Plan, is also said to be in favour of bringing in a law. It is going to recommend this in its report, which is likely to be submitted by December, it is learnt.
In a summary of its draft report, submitted a while back, the IIT consortium said that the government would need to create a “Commission that needs to be established by an Act of Parliament to enable an enduring mechanism for sustainable growth in the National River Ganga Basin”. Its final report is likely to contain a draft legislation as well, it is learnt.
Former Chief Vigilance Commissioner, N Vittal, who has been included in the recently-reconstituted National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) as one of the five independent members, is also said to be working on a separate draft legislation.
Yet another draft has been prepared by the Ganga Mahasabha — which describes itself as “a pan-India organisation dedicated to nature and culture” — with help from several legal experts, including a few former judges.
The government panel to draft the legislation, when it is formed, is expected to draw upon all the individual drafts prepared by others.

They went to buy curtain rings were killed byArmyPrint
The situation remained tense in Budgam’s Chattergam area on Tuesday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Nowgam (srinagar) | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:44 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 2:50 pm
On Monday afternoon, 15-year-old Burhan Yousuf was making arrangements for a family get-together when his cousin asked him to fetch curtain rings from the market. He left, promising to return promptly. In the evening, it was his body that was brought home.
Yousuf and his friend, 17-year-old Meraj-ud-din Dar, were killed on Monday evening when Army soldiers allegedly opened fire on the Maruti car they were travelling in. Their two friends, both teenagers, were wounded in the shooting.
“We had planned a family get-together for the coming Sunday. I was changing the curtains and asked Yousuf to fetch new curtain rings,” said his cousin, Jan Mohammad. “He left for the market. Outside, he met his friends.”
The four — Yousuf, Dar, Shakir Ahmad Bhat and Zahid Naqash — decided to first head to Chattergam, a Shiite neighbourhood about three kilometres from their home.
“They went to Chattergam to see the Muharram procession there,” said Mohammad. “Local villagers told us that while returning, they were moving fast when the Army men asked them to stop. They applied the brakes but the vehicle skidded forward. They told us that the soldiers fired indiscriminately on the vehicle from all sides,” he added.
Bhat’s father, Abdul Rehman Bhat, who talked to his injured son at the Army’s 92 Base Hospital in Srinagar, claimed that the Army had acknowledged their mistake.
“The Army officer at the hospital told me that the soldiers fired at the car from behind. Soldiers in front of the car thought that the firing had come from inside the vehicle, so they fired directly on the vehicle,” said the father. “They allowed me inside the ward for a few minutes but didn’t let me talk to my son about the incident.”
Yousuf and Dar, who were sitting in the front, died on spot.
An hour later, Yousuf’s family was informed about the incident. They managed to take his body home after five hours.
As the two teens were laid to rest in Bonpora Nowgam, Yousuf’s elder sister, 17-year-old Fazila, said, “Who will I give Eidi to now?” His younger brothers, 11-year-old Farhan and nine-year-old Faizan, watched from a distance.
At Nowgam, a few hundred people attended the funeral. Though many more were waiting outside Nowgam, police and paramilitary forces cordoned off the area.
This is the second such incident at Chattergam. In October 2012, the same Army unit allegedly fired on a private Sumo car, killings two soldiers of the Territorial Army.
On Monday night, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley tweeted, “The Budgam incident in the Kashmir valley is highly regrettable. A fair inquiry will be held and action taken against those found guilty.”
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah called the incident “avoidable”. “Have spoken to Union Defence minister @arunjaitley regarding yesterday’s incident where army firing resulted in 2 avoidable deaths. Such killings have no place continued…

New York court: No asylum for Chinesechild-counterPrint
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:44 am
A federal appeals court that rejected a Chinese woman’s asylum request found that she helped her country’s government limit childbirths for over two decades.
The 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan ruled that 61-year-old Suzhen Meng assisted in the persecution of women for 22 years as the sole public security officer in a region where she monitored about 1,100 households.
An immigration court previously found that she reported women with unauthorised pregnancies knowing they would be subjected to forced abortions and sterilizations. China’s policy in her region permitted families to have one child. The appeals court noted that Meng had testified to seeing women who had violated the policy being dragged away forcibly by police.
After arriving in the United States in February 2008, Meng sought asylum on the grounds that she faced political persecution in China. The immigration judge’s ruling said Meng was working odd jobs in New York because she got dismissed from her job in China and was not receiving a pension.
An immigration judge rejected her asylum request in 2010, after which she appealed.
In asylum claims recounted in an appeals court decision Monday, Meng said she reported police corruption while she was a security officer, leading her to be arrested and held for two weeks, when a guard slapped her face several times and fellow prisoners beat her on instruction of guards. One encounter resulted in Meng having a tooth knocked out, according to court documents.
Her lawyer, Gary Yerman, said Tuesday that Meng was merely a “statistician, a census taker” who tracked births. He said an appeal was possible.
In court documents, Yerman said Meng was the regional police officer for her district in the city of Wuhan, Hubei Province, and came to the US at the invitation of her sister. Yerman also said the chief of the political department at the Hanyang security office warned Meng not to apply for asylum when she came to the US or there would be consequences.
The appeals court “seemed to exaggerate Ms Ming’s importance to the family planning enforcement in China,” Yerman said.
In a decision written by Circuit Judge Reena Raggi, a three-judge panel noted that Ming sometimes advised women she would report as being pregnant to hide or flee, but it said she was “integral to the effectuation of persecution.”

Judge orders Kansas to let gay couplesmarryA federal judge on Tuesday ordered Kansas to allow same-sex couples to marry pending the outcome of a lawsuit.
By: Associated Press | Kansas City | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:53 am
A federal judge on Tuesday ordered Kansas to allow same-sex couples to marry pending the outcome of a lawsuit challenging the state’s ban, but he delayed enforcement of his order until next week to give the state time to appeal.
US District Judge Daniel Crabtree issued a preliminary injunction barring the state from enforcing its constitutional ban as of 5 pm next Tuesday, pending the outcome of an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit challenging it.
The state is expected to appeal Crabtree’s order – Assistant Attorney General Steve Fabert told the judge in court last week that the state would appeal if such an order were issued.
The ACLU sued to overturn Kansas’ ban after the US Supreme Court refused to hear appeals from five states seeking to save their gay marriage bans. Among them were Oklahoma and Utah, which like Kansas fall under the jurisdiction of the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals.
The ACLU filed its lawsuit on behalf of two lesbian couples who had been denied marriage licenses.
ACLU lawyers contend that the group’s lawsuit is likely to prevail and that denying the couples the right to marry, even for a short time, would do them irreparable harm.
Crabtree wrote that Kansas’ ban is infringing on the plaintiffs’ constitutional rights, and he seemed reluctant to delay their right to marry, even by a week. He said the 10th Circuit had already settled the substance of the constitutional challenge, but conceded that the appeals court may view the case differently than he views it.
“On balance, the court concludes that a short-term stay is the safer and wiser course,” he wrote in granting the one-week delay.

Govt considering new standards on garbage se...Narendra Modi government considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Swachh Bharat mission
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 02.19PM IST
Tags:
BIS
(There is also a proposal…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cleanliness drive under the Swachh Bharat mission.
"There are no norms for garbage disposal ... Such standards are required as they would ensure that effective systems are put in place for segregation and disposal of garbage," said a senior government official, privy to the deliberation on the matter.
The issue had figured in discussions at the first meeting of the high-level inter-ministerial group of consumer advocacy chaired by the consumer affairs secretary.
The Department of Consumer Affairs has already directed the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) to formulate quality assurance and process standards for potable water supplied through pipelines by municipal and government agencies, street food and garbage disposal, the official told ET.
There is also a proposal to set up a dedicated group at the BIS to ensure that these standards are not just formulated, but also implemented effectively.
India had put in place a solidwaste management policy in 2000 at the behest of the Supreme Court, but it was restricted to class-I cities. Municipal bodies have to carry out waste disposal as per these guidelines. Garbage disposal, however, remains an issue in many cities.
"A mandatory standard prescribing segregation and disposal of garbage is necessary if the country has to move towards the cleanliness as is envisaged under the (Swachh Bharat) mission," the official said. Rules are required for transport of drinking water and street food as well, he said.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India is already working on improving quality of street food on the lines of the successful Gujarat model. Countrywide standards are expected to provide a benchmark.
The group proposed to be set up under the BIS would work in close coordination with the food safety body, health ministry and the departments of rural development and Panchayati Raj. "The idea is to draw up a time-bound rollout plan for the formulation and enforcement of these standards," the official said.
Modi had unveiled the clean India drive on October 2.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt asks schools to focus on hygiene & clea...You are here: Home > Collections > Hygiene
HRD ministry asks schools to focus on hygiene and cleanliness
Yogima Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
hrd ministry
(The move is in sync with the…)
NEW DELHI: In what could be a pretty demanding Children's Day pledge this year, the Narendra Modi government has directed all schools under its ambit to ensure that morning assembly in government schools focus on cleanliness and hygiene, and urge students to keep the statue in their school, if any, clean, besides clean their classrooms, laboratories, libraries, playground, toilets, drinking water areas and school gardens.
In a recent directive to Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan and Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti, the department of school education and literacy under the ministry of human resource and development, has asked all schools to ensure that children discuss cleanliness and hygiene in the school assembly every day, and that each school forms a children's cabinet to supervise and monitor the cleanliness initiative.
The move is in sync with the government's vision of Clean India by 2019, and aims to ensure that all schools have separate toilets for girls and boys by July 2015. The schools that will have to follow the directive include 1092 Kendriya Vidyalas under the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan and 598 Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalas under the Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti, impacting nearly 15 lakh students in government schools across the country.
"The government of India has directed its own schools through the Kendriya Vidyalas and the Navodya Vidyalas to celebrate the Swachh Vidyalaya Abhiyan by taking up a programme for cleanliness in schools on a roundthe-year basis," the government has informed the ministry of drinking water and sanitation, which is overseeing the implementation of the project.
"The Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan and the Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti have been asked to take up, inter alia, the following activities that include talk by a few children on different aspects of cleanliness in the school assembly every day, especially with respect to sayings and teachings of Mahatma Gandhi on cleanliness and hygiene," the note sent by the department of education to the implementing ministry said.
Besides, the department of education has also directed these schools to continue with the Swachh Vidyalaya Abhiyan beyond October 31, 2014, by organising film shows, model activities on hygiene, periodic essay/painting and other competition, role plays, etc., to reassert the message of Swachh Bharat-Swachh Vidyalaya .
Justifying the decision that's expected to impact the regular course of teaching in these schools, the note said, "In collaboration with the state governments, we are making efforts to inculcate the spirit of hygiene, cleanliness and aversion to unhygienic conditions in all children from the very initial years of their school itself."
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2, involves an investment of Rs 1,96,009 crore to construct 12 crore toilets across the country. The mission will culminate on October 2, 2019, which will mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Merchandise sellers fast attracting investor...Merchandise sellers like Bluegape & Collectabillia fast attracting investors' attention
Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.04AM IST
Tags:
Aam Aadmi Party
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE:…)
NEW DELHI: Fan merchandise and collectibles sellers are on the radar of risk capital investors, as they look to bet on online ventures that are increasingly becoming the platform of choice for brands looking to launch their products in India.
Online ventures, such as New Delhi-based Bluegape.com and Bangalore-based Collectabillia are amongst the early movers in the country's nascent merchandise selling space, as global consumer brands, along with celebrities, look to reach out to larger audiences and untapped markets.
"India's never really had a reason for merchandising till now. As a category, fan merchandise should do really well, given the benefits of exclusivity," said Rohan Bhargava, co-founder of CashKaro , a leading online coupons site.
Collectabillia recently tied up with Argentina and Barcelona footballing icon Lionel Messi , and obtained the exclusive rights to globally manufacture, retail and distribute a range of mobile, tablet and laptop covers under his MESSI brand.
Separately, Bluegape has licensing agreements with a number of major film studios, such as Warner Bros , Yash Raj Films and producer-director Rakesh Roshan's Filmkraft. It had also tied up with the Aam Aadmi Party to sell its merchandise.
According to industry experts, the global fan merchandise market is estimated at about $184 billion (Rs 11.1 lakh crore). Compared to that, the Indian market is at just $125 million (Rs 769 crore). "We're seeing the evolution of fan merchandising in India take place," said Sahil Baghla, co-founder and chief executive of Bluegape.com, in an earlier conversation with ET.
The growth in interest comes at a time when consumer electronic and apparel brands are increasingly looking to leverage the country's burgeoning e-commerce sector, as they look to create an alternative distribution channel, offer more competitive pricing and reach out to a growing consumer class. The development has made risk capital respond as well.
In 2012, marquee venture capital firm Accel Partners was reported to have invested about $5 million in Universal Collectabillia, a celebrity merchandise and brand extension firm jointly owned by Anjana Reddy, scion of the Deccan Chronicle family, and Sachin Tendulkar .
Additionally, in May earlier this year, ET was the first to report that Bluegape had entered into talks with prominent venture capital firms, to raise funding of about $10 million (Rs 61.5 crore).
Strategic investors, too, have started expressing strong interest in the space. "They are specialist players, and offer more relevant merchandise, which could be of great interest to the horizontal ecommerce majors. There is also the first-mover advantage to think of," said Nitin Chhabra, founder of ecommerce consultancy Ace Turtle.
Apart from retailing from its own website, Bluegape also sells its products through Flipkart , Amazon and Snapdeal .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Idea opposes extension of permits to Airtel ...Idea Cellular opposes extension of permits to Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India in New Delhi
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla Group
(They said the allocation…)
NEW DELHI: In a rare instance of disagreement between GSM telecom companies, Idea Cellular has opposed the extension of permits for Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India in Delhi beyond November, saying it violates auction rules and would hurt business and market share for India's No. 3 operator.
Airtel and Vodafone have asked the department of telecom for permission to operate in Delhi for at least six months after November, saying they need more time to reconfigure their networks to new spectrum won in the February auction.
They said the allocation of airwaves was delayed and without the additional time, services to 20 million subscribers in Delhi may get disrupted.
However, if the permits are extended, it would affect the allocation of airwaves won by Idea in the same auction because they include portions in the 900 MHz band that are currently held and used by Airtel and Vodafone.
"Any delay in spectrum allocation beyond 30.11.2014, would result in delay in the launch of Idea services on the said 900 MHz spectrum by an equivalent period, and is totally unacceptable," Idea Cellular Chief Financial Officer Akshaya Moondra wrote in a letter to the telecom department, in response to the request for extension by its two larger rivals.
The Aditya Birla Group company said it should soon be allocated the airwaves in Delhi, for which it has paid Rs 926 crore and provided a bank guarantee of Rs 547.16 crore. "Any delay would make us incur loss on account of interest cost for each day of delay without corresponding revenue," Idea said, adding that the interest cost on its investment was Rs 1.02 crore a day.
Idea has instead proposed a frequency allocation rejig that will ensure it receives its newly won airwaves without any disruption in services for subscribers of Airtel and Vodafone.
The regulatory heads of the three telecom companies met with the Member Telecom on Friday and discussed the matter.
What had complicated matters is that the blocks of bandwidth that Airtel and Vodafone have been awarded within the 900 MHz band are different from what they currently hold in the band, requiring the operators to reconfigure their networks.
Idea has proposed that these operators retain the airwaves they currently hold and that the remainder in that band be awarded to the Aditya Birla Group company.
"This would allow seamless transition by the due date (November 30)," without any disruption of services and Idea would also be able to begin using airwaves in the 900 MHz band from that date, the company wrote. However, experts say that Idea's solution, while easy to implement, might run at cross-purposes with the Notice Inviting Applications.
The NIA is a legal document that laid down the framework for the February auctions.
The telecom department has made it clear that it does not favour any extension of permits.
The regulator has come down heavily on the telecom department for delaying the allocation of airwaves by over eight months and has asked it to meet with the industry and find a way to ensure that services to subscribers are not disrupted in Delhi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live Coverage of 2014 Midterm ElectionsEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Ten money lessons from popular TV seriesTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Sun 7 Dec, 2014, 8:20 PM IST - India Markets closed
Money lessons from the small screen
There’s a lot we can learn from TV. Whether that’s every fact about sharks in a week on Discovery, how to dress like Carrie, or how the other half lives courtesy of Vinnie Chase.
Thanks to my bundled Foxtel and internet, I have access to a lot of TV (side note: bundling, excellent idea) and somewhere along the way I realised that all my favourite shows have one piece of financial wisdom or another to bestow upon us.
Source: Georgie Koch, The Hip Pocket
This article originally appeared on The Hip Pocket
The Hip Pocket is not your run-of-the-mill money site. Our content is fun, insightful and free from sales pitches and financial jargon. We want to inspire people to engage with their money, develop great habits and build wealth that lasts. So you've made a smart choice joining us; we’re going to do great things together.

Catherine Marcus Joins the Exclusive Haute Living Real Estate NetworkCatherine Marcus Joins the Exclusive Haute Living Real Estate Network
Sanofi seeks India licence for world s first dengue vaccineSanofi seeks India licence for world s first dengue vaccine
Air pollution halves Indias grain yieldAir pollution halves Indias grain yield
New Zealand wont send troops to fight Islamic State group inIraqNew Zealand says it won't send combat troops to Iraq to directly fight the Islamic State group.
By: Associated Press | Wellington | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:22 am
New Zealand says it won’t send combat troops to Iraq to directly fight the Islamic State group but it could send military personnel to help train Iraqi forces behind the front lines.
Prime Minister John Key on Wednesday delivered a speech on national security to address the Pacific Island nation’s response to the threat posed by the extremist group.
Key said government agencies have a watch list of between 30 and 40 New Zealanders who are engaged in extremist behavior. He said some have traveled to Syria to participate in fighting, others have tried but have had their passports canceled, and others are funding terrorism.
Key said New Zealand has been considered relatively safe from extremist threats but that is changing.

Live blog: US 2014 midterm electionRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Wagah bombers vow revenge againstModiPrint
Narendra Modi will land in Australia on November 15.
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:46 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 4:10 pm
The terrorist group that carried out Sunday’s murderous suicide bombing at Wagah has followed it up with a threat to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“You are the killer of hundreds of Muslims,” Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA) spokesperson ‘Ehsanullah Ehsan’ said in a message released on his Twitter feed on Monday, hours after claiming responsibility for the Wagah strike , “We w(il)l take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gujarat” (sic).
Modi has been briefed at least twice in the last fortnight on the growing threat from complex webs of transnational jihadist groups operating from Pakistan’s war-torn north-west and their new Indian affiliates, who give them the assets needed to execute their threats.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks during the launch of Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) membership drive at party headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI photo)
One arm of the Indian Mujahideen, led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri and his lieutenant Muhammad Ahmad Zarar Siddibapa, has merged into al-Qaeda, intelligence officials say. The rival Indian Mujahideen group, known as the Ansar-ul-Tauheed, is training at camps run by the TTP-JA.
Each of the groups who have acquired Indian partners have rejected talks with the Pakistani government, instead committing to the destruction of the Pakistani state.
Led by Maulana Qasim, the TTP-JA was founded in September by commanders who rejected the Tehreek-e-Taliban’s decision to talk to the Pakistani government. Inspired by the Islamic State, its leadership also has close personal ties with al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri. Its key commander, journalist-turned-jihadist Omar Khalid Khorasani, seeks to overthrow the Pakistani government, impose shari’a, seize the country’s nuclear weapons, and wage jihad until “the Caliphate is established across the world”. In February, Omar Khalid executed 23 Pakistani soldiers by beheading, a message both to pro-dialogue commanders and the army.
Al-Zawahiri, in turn, has created a new subcontinental wing of al-Qaeda, that has threatened strikes against India. Indian Mujahideen cadre have been training with the new Al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS) for over a year, and Indian intelligence services have told the Prime Minister attempted strikes could be just months, or even weeks, away.
Leaders of the Indian Mujahideen and the central leadership of al-Qaeda, communications decrypted by the National Investigation Agency suggest, began negotiations on a merger in mid-2013. The effort was led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri, who wanted a new patron to break free of restraints placed on the group’s operations by his erstwhile mentor, Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate.

NCAER lowers Indias GDP growth forecast for this year to 5pctPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:36 am
The National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) has lowered India’s GDP growth forecast to 5 per cent in the current financial year on weak economic fundamentals and uncertainties in growth prospects.
The economic think-tank in its earlier projection had suggested that the Indian economy was likely to grow at 5.7 per cent in 2014-15.
“NCAER is predicting a slower growth for the economy unlike other forecasts. The fundamentals of the economy remain weak with uncertainties prevail. The only redeeming feature is the weakening of inflation and FDI inflows.
“Whether that will help us revive our growth prospects will depend on a number of factors including revival of the external economy and the extent of damage on agriculture due to deficit rainfall,” it said in a release today.
NCAER said that the overall economy is looking weak with uncertain growth prospects.
“The economy is giving mixed signals. On one hand, we had the Sensex reaching record levels partly driven by record foreign institutional investment and FDI.”
However, the business confidence index is showing rise in sentiments on the back of a stable political regime with the new government, it said.
Weakening of prices due to cheaper food and fuel inflation is also positive, but agricultural growth is predicted to be lower than last year as there was deficit rainfall with uneven spatial and temporal patterns.
“The pace of growth shows signs of slowing down in the services sector. Not surprisingly, bank credit to the commercial sector has not picked pace and continues to languish.
“Further, the slowdown in the external economy, except the United States, shows little growth prospects for the external sector even though exports grew in the first quarter,” it said.

Farm distress looms as global crop prices crash after 10-year bullrunPrint
Wheat, corn and soybean prices are CBOT quotes; Rice: Thailand 5% broken; Palm oil: Malaysia futures; Cotton: Cotlook ‘A Index’; Sugar: Raw ICE futures; Rubber-RSS-4 Bangkok; Milk Powder: Average Fonterra Global Dairy Trade auction price; One bushel equals 25.4 kg of corn and 27.22 kg of soybean/wheat.
Written by Harish Damodaran | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:36 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 11:34 am
For the last 10 years, farmers in India benefited from both increased production and higher price realisations — leading to rising rural incomes and declining poverty rates. That happy story may now be near its end — which could be the precursor to a renewed crisis in agriculture.
The main reason is declining global prices for most agri-commodities (see Table 1).
Over the last five-six months, corn, wheat and soybean prices have crashed to $ 3.7, $ 5.4 and $ 10.3 a bushel respectively at the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) exchange. Even these represent a minor recovery from the lows reached in early October.
Just for comparison, CBOT corn futures had peaked at $ 8.49 per bushel in August 2012. The same highs for soybean and wheat were $ 17.94 (reached in September 2012) and $ 13.34 (February 2008) respectively.
“The prices now are almost going back to the Jurassic Age,” said B K Anand, Director (Grains & Oilseeds Crush), Cargill India, one of the country’s biggest commodity traders.
CBOT is the world’s premier exchange, where futures and options contracts in commodities are traded.
The current situation is dramatically different from the one prevailing between 2003-04 and 2013-14, a decade during which production of most crops
rose significantly (see Table 2), partly enabled by technologies that arrived at just the right time — Bt cotton, single-cross corn hybrids and Pusa-1121 basmati.
Farmers also gained from higher price realisations: while overall inflation based on the GDP deflator — a more accurate measure — averaged 6.8 per cent during the last 10 years, the annual price increase for “agriculture” was even more at 9.7 per cent.
As farmers experienced rising incomes from both higher production and improved terms of trade, India registered the sharpest decline in rural poverty rates for any decade since independence.
The decade-long global commodity price boom helped farmers by making India’s agricultural exports competitive; these soared from $ 7.5 billion in 2003-04 to $ 42.6 billion in 2013-14.
It also forced the Centre to substantially raise minimum support prices (MSP). The MSP of wheat, for instance, went up from Rs 630 to Rs 1,400 per quintal; the Madhya Pradesh (MP) and Rajasthan governments paid a bonus of Rs 150 on top of that.
The impact of the crash in grain prices isn’t small for India, which in the last two years exported an average 6 million tonnes (mt) of wheat and 4.5 mt continued…

Based on Exit Poll  Sen. Mitch McConnell (R) Wins Kentucky Senate RaceEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Wealthy investors load on equity mutual funds as market ralliesWealthy investors load on equity mutual funds as market rallies
INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Investigates the Board of Directors of Wright Medical Group ..INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Investigates the Board of Directors of Wright Medical Group ..
Fund houses  insurers build duration in anticipation of interest rate cutFund houses  insurers build duration in anticipation of interest rate cut
The Quick-Read Review: Osaki JukeboxThe Osaki Jukebox (Rs. 4,750 in stores) is a portable Bluetooth speaker.
Written by Mihir Patkar | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 11:44 am
What Is It?
Osaki isn’t a well-known brand, but its product is quite impressive. The Osaki Jukebox (Rs. 4,750 in stores) is a portable Bluetooth speaker, roughly the size of a compass box. It’s not a looker, but there’s something oddly charming about it. It’s almost like the Jukebox doesn’t pretend to be anything more than a solid music player, while doing its best to look presentable, not attractive.
Anything That Makes It Special?
If sound quality is the most important factor for you, the Osaki Jukebox would now be our default recommendation for Bluetooth speakers at this price. Indeed, it outclasses speakers twice its price. And boy, it gets loud!
What Sounds Good and What Sounds Bad?
In general, Bluetooth speakers don’t have that thumping bass, apart from a few exceptions like the Bose Soundlink. Among the rest, the Osaki Jukebox is the best we have heard. From Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen to Khamosh Raat from Thakshak, it’s got a good range. But if you like warm sounds like Western Classical, avoid the Jukebox.
In Real-World Conditions, Can You Actually Use It For Hands-Free Calling?
While it has a built-in microphone, we can’t recommend using the Jukebox as a hands-free system. In a pinch, you can make do with it. But the microphone picks up too much ambient noise to be useful in real-world settings.
How’s The Battery Life?
The Jukebox has a physical on/off switch, which is its biggest weakness. It has a standby mode too, but if you don’t switch if off, the battery slowly drains and when you most want it, you won’t be able to use it. There is also no battery indicator to tell you how low it is. Still, it lasts for 12 hours of continuous music playback, so that’s something.
Should I Buy It?
The Jukebox is a great purchase for anyone who wants low-cost Bluetooth speakers with good quality audio and loud output. Just make sure you don’t plan on carrying it around too much, and that you don’t want to use it as for hands-free calls.

Today s vote: Could GOP sweep spur stocksU.S. Capitol ( Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
 
Voters aren’t the only ones hanging on Tuesday’s midterm congressional vote. Wall Street is, too.  Investors are watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress.
Right now the balance of power in Congress is split, with the Democrats controlling the Senate and the GOP in charge of the House of Representatives. But the Republicans have a shot at consolidating power in both chambers of Congress. If the Republicans retake the Senate for the first time since 2006, Wall Street will get what has historically been the most bullish legislative composition in the post-war era: a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
In the chart below, you will see that the S&P 500 has risen 15.1% on average since 1945 when Congress has been controlled by the same party with a Democratic president.
Stovall notes that there are three political scenarios:
1) Unified government, where the president and both houses of Congress are controlled by the same party.
2) Unified Congress, in which the president is of a different party than the unified Congress.
3) Split Congress, which we have now.
The good news: If the status quo remains in place, with the Democrats retaining power in the Senate, that has also been a bullish scenario for stocks in the post-World War II era. As you can see from the chart above, the S&P 500 has risen 13% per year, on average, when Congress has been split with a Democratic president in the White House.
 

No CM nominee  PM Narendra Modi to be face of BJPs Delhi campaignPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is going to be face of BJP's Delhi elections campaign. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:44 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:29 am
On a day when the Union Cabinet paved the way for fresh polls in the national capital after eight months of political uncertainty, the Delhi BJP announced on Tuesday that it would contest the polls without a chief ministerial candidate. Buoyed by its recent poll victories in Maharashtra and Haryana, the BJP plans to continue to seek votes in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s name.
“The party has decided to contest assembly elections under collective leadership. We believe in collective leadership, but it doesn’t mean that the party lacks good leaders. We will not declare any chief ministerial candidate,” said Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, after a party meeting to discuss poll strategy .
“We will have our party symbol, the lotus, as the face. We will contest collectively under the leadership of Narendra Modi. He is the guiding spirit of the party and we are confident of a landslide victory… Winnability is the only factor we are looking at,” said Upadhyay.
The BJP seems unwilling to take any chances by nominating a “weak leader” against AAP leader and former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. Instead, it is banking on the Modi factor, which ensured a massive win for the party in the Lok Sabha polls and the recent assembly elections.
“For projecting a chief ministerial candidate, a strong personality is required. We have seen what the Modi magic did in Haryana and Maharashtra. Our survey done earlier also suggested that people are still identifying the BJP with Modi and nobody else,” said a senior party leader.
Earlier in the day, the Union Cabinet, at a special meeting, decided to ratify Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung’s recommendation to dissolve the Delhi assembly.
After his meeting with BJP, AAP and Congress leaders on Monday, at which all the parties expressed their inability to form the government, Jung is learnt to have sent his report to President Pranab Mukherjee recommending dissolution of the assembly. The President, in turn, is learnt to have forwarded Jung’s recommendations to the Centre.
With the Cabinet clearing the dissolution of the assembly, the Election Commission is expected to announce dates for holding polls in Delhi. It will also cancel the recently announced bypolls to three assembly seats in Delhi.
Meanwhile, both the AAP and Congress were quick to target the BJP’s strategy. Senior AAP leader Ashutosh said the BJP was reluctant to name a CM candidate as it feared Kejriwal’s popularity.
“In the Delhi elections, time after time, they have always named their face for the elections. They are afraid of projecting a leader for fear of losing face. Why are they suddenly using the term collective leadership? Where was continued…

Dalal Street will keep on making fresh highsBajaj Auto
(Market is in a positive sentimental…)
Indian equities over the next 5 years should escalate to new highs on the foundation of impressive fundamentals, attractive valuations and a new and able government, says Dr. Vikas V Gupta - EVP Traded Markets & Investment Research at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd, in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
The Indian markets managed to hit fresh record highs in October itself. Do you think the momentum is likely to continue? And, if yes, what is your target for the Sensex and the Nifty for Dec-end and for the next 12 months?
Vikas Gupta: The momentum is likely to continue for the next 5 years, driven by solid fundamentals and the scope for a valuation re-rating. Currently the market is in a positive sentimental bias. Given the strong domestic government and a focused policy approach, it is likely that the positive bias is going to continue.
Nothing known across the global markets indicates the likelihood of negative sentiments developing, although black swans, i.e. unknown negative factors, are always a possibility. With this positive bias, our expectations are as follows:
For Dec-14, we estimate the Sensex to reach 30,000 and the Nifty price index to reach 9,000 roughly.
For Oct-15, we expect the Sensex to reach 34,300 and the Nifty price index to reach 10,400 roughly.
We would suggest that a market position below current numbers in the next one year is hardly likely to sustain for long.
The US Federal Reserve might have done away with the QE, but Japan has already started its own rounds of quantitative easing and Europe is expected to join soon. Do you think India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue? If yes, then why?
Vikas Gupta: India stands to be a beneficiary from the potential QE in Europe and Japan. If a QE happens to ensue in these regions when the government reduces the supply of bonds in the capital markets, bond prices are bound to escalate and investors likely to sell off relevant debt instruments.
Given excess liquidity now at their disposal, getting back into the already-inflated bond market does not make sense. The next sensible allocation from their investible savings should be equities.
Within equities, emerging markets have a greater scope for appreciation compared to the more relatively saturated developed markets. Within emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm.
With FIIs having pumped in already $14bn into domestic equity capital markets to date, we can expect a total of $24bn for FY15, continuing at the same rate. This should be a fair indicator of the base foreign inflow (excluding favourable stimuli like global QEs) given that the major US QE3 is on the wane. We can expect an additional $10bn of foreign inflow each driven by excess liquidity from Japan and Europe, making the total FII equities inflow next fiscal (FY16) amount to about $40-50bn.
What is going on with the rupee? The Indian currency is near its two-week low on the back of strong dollar. Where do you see the currency headed in the near term?
Vikas Gupta: While on a weekly/fortnightly basis, the Indian rupee might have weakened, over the last 1 month it has strengthened marginally (0.5%). As of today, lasted traded price for USDINR currency contracts expiring 29-Dec-14 indicates a possible weakening in the near term as the effect of US tapering off its QE3 and rising dollar demand overshadows the potential stimulus from the ECB and Japan.
 
However, we have no view on near-term currency movements. What we do take cognizance of is that in the long term the rupee is expected to depreciate by 2-5% pa against the dollar.
What do you think will be the next big trigger for the markets? Will it be reforms, interest rate cut or Budget that will drive the next wave for the markets?
Vikas Gupta: With respect to interest rates, given the strict goals of sustaining CPI inflation below 8% by Jan15 and 6% CPI inflation by Jan16, the possibility of a rate cut in FY15 can be questioned. Any cut that happens will be very small, of the order of 25 to 50 bps, and this is unlikely to be sustained on every review meeting.
Further, a rate cut alone does not qualify as a major trigger for a sustainable market movement. In terms of policy reforms, the current government has already made several reforms (part of which has already been reflected in the recent run-up in markets), which we expect would be highlighted and showcased during the Budget.
Consequently, we expect the Budget to be the next big trigger for the equity markets. Major rate cuts should not be expected before 12-18 months.

United Spirits to seek shareholders  nod to report to BIFRYou are here: Home > Collections > Usl
United Spirits to seek shareholders' nod to report to BIFR
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 10.08PM IST
Tags:
BIFR
(The spirits maker had registered…)
NEW DELHI: United Spirits will seek shareholders' approval later this month over its plans to report to BIFR , the tribunal for sick companies, following erosion of more than half of the company's peak networth.
In a regulatory filing to the NSE , the company whose brands include Signature, Bagpiper, Antiquity and Royal Challenge, said the company would seek shareholders' nod during the extraordinary general meeting on November 28.
The company plans to report to the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) as its accumulated losses as on March 31, 2014 have resulted in an erosion of more than fifty per cent of its peak net worth during the immediately preceding four financial years, it added.
Last month, the company's board had approved reporting of erosion of more than half of its peak networth to BIFR.
The spirits maker had registered a string of losses for the last four years. The company is now controlled by world's largest spirits maker Diageo, which had acquired an additional 26 per cent shares in USL for Rs 11,448.91 crore in July with an aim to take its total stake in the Indian firm to 54.78 per cent.
Last month, liquor baron Vijay Mallya was re-elected as non-executive director and chairman of United Spirits.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1tXlzkEFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Google's diversity chief started her crusade young
An incident early in her working life ultimately led Google's Nancy Lee to law school and then a job leading the search engine's effort to have its staff better reflect society
Post to Facebook
Google's diversity chief started her crusade young An incident early in her working life ultimately led Google's Nancy Lee to law school and then a job leading the search engine's effort to have its staff better reflect society Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tXlzkE
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Google's diversity chief started her crusade young
Marco della Cava , USA TODAY 11:02 a.m. EST November 9, 2014
Video Keywords Mountain View inclusive environment operations department Asian American computer science social justice United States
USA TODAY's series on Inequity in Silicon Valley explores the challenges facing the tech industry to increase the racial and ethnic diversity of its workforce. Video shot by Kim Kulish for USA TODAY.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  I'm mark Telecom it would USA today. Diversity in tech.
00:06  Huge issues these days as a number of big tech companies
00:10  have released the numbers of employees who fit into different diversity
00:14  categories. Goes one of them and we've come down to Google's
00:17  campus here in Mountain View to talk to Nancy league who's
00:21  director of diversity and inclusion here Kubel. Let's hear what he
00:24  had to say about both her own personal journey as an
00:27  Asian American woman. And her professional mission with a Google. So
00:32  I joined Google in 2006. I came on board as an
00:35  employment lawyer and I chose employment line I think because I
00:38  did have its desired Q. Advance social justice can to try
00:42  and advocates for for people for fair and equitable outcomes for
00:46  them. After practicing here for a few years I then moved
00:50  into are people operations department which is what we call HR
00:54  and then the opportunity you reds for me to you come
00:57  over and lead. The diversity team. And that was really a
01:00  function of us. Deciding having look at the growth over many
01:05  years hackable that we need to put more emphasis on increasing
01:08  diversity. Within our workforce so when I came over one of
01:12  the first things that I did. And that new rules leading
01:16  up the diversity team was say where exactly are we. And
01:20  that led to. And evaluation. And data collection effort to understand
01:25  what our own demographics look like as you probably know companies.
01:30  Can only require that people voluntarily self disclosed ethnicity and and
01:34  one not so. So we went on a bit of an
01:37  internal campaign to get people Q share their identity and told
01:41  them that please help us. By disclosing so we can have
01:45  an honest picture of where we act and we promise we'll
01:48  tell you what that looks like in the past we had
01:50  and then transparently data. When Google released its numbers back in
01:54  May Lee said she wasn't pleased by what she saw and
01:57  since then has implemented. A variety of approaches to solving the
02:01  problem even though she says it'll take some time before grew
02:04  resembles. The United States in terms of demographics. The strategy itself
02:09  is is we think of it as holistic its fourth pillar
02:13  actually there's Q efforts. Inside Google and execute efforts are looking
02:18  at what's happening outside the internal pieces are let's just focused
02:22  on on hiring and getting. More diverse talent active that's a
02:26  fairly short are more near term goal that we half. And
02:30  we have several initiatives to try achieve that we also want
02:33  to make sure that when we. Going to get them and
02:35  bring them here they have a wonderful experience and have an
02:38  opportunity to it really flourish as employees. So we're working on
02:42  things withstand Google to make sure we're fostering an app fair
02:45  and inclusive environment where everybody. Can sort of bring their authentic
02:49  selves to work and then there's sort of the longer term
02:52  things like long term pipeline development because we know there's going
02:55  to be a shortage of talent certainly on the technical side
02:58  over the long. And so. We have to be patient about
03:02  our ability to move the needle on some of that. Because
03:05  of what we want to do is get more women and
03:07  people of color to pursue computer science for example. And we
03:11  got to go very early in the education continue on to
03:15  influence decisions that egging me about this plan. Police says this
03:18  is definitely a tipping point for both Google and other companies
03:23  here in Silicon Valley. As far as their efforts goes to
03:26  change the demographics of their employee workforce. We're at a point
03:30  where were all talking to each other and and I think
03:32  trying to figure out ways to work collectively. And collaborative Lee
03:36  to increasing impact that we can have beyond what we have
03:39  as individuals. As we heard from Google's Nancy Lee this is
03:42  an important issue for the company. USA today we'll continue its
03:46  coverage of diversity in technology. In Mountain View I'm market Ellicott
03:51  for USA today.

Follow Live! NBC News  Complete Election Night CoverageThe races listed below are editorially selected key races from around the country. To find results from other states, use the "state results" menu at the top of this page.
DDemocratic

Opinion: Delhi elections-Whos afraid of AAPOpinion: Delhi elections-Whos afraid of AAP
Little hope of rate cut for nowLittle hope of rate cut for now
Live election coverage from WGN-TV@markj6651 It's fun to have imaginary friends, isn't it? I had one when I was 6, too.
MrG8000
at 7:05 PM November 04, 2014
You have only so much energy. If you become caught up in things that don?t matter, when a real threat comes along?a real Goliath battle that might make a difference in your drive toward your divine destiny?you may not have the energy to win that battle.
markj6651
at 6:32 PM November 04, 2014
God hears what your critics say, and if you stay in faith, He will make it up to you. Use your energy to improve your skills, to be the best that you can be. And God will bring others across your path who will celebrate and encourage you.
markj6651

Swachh Bharat Mission: Shame the OffendersSwachh Bharat Mission: Shame the Offenders
US: Kidnapping suspect appears in Los Angeles courtThe FBI says a Seattle man charged with kidnapping his 9-year-old son and fleeing with him on his sailboat is now in the United States.
By: Associated Press | Los Angeles | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:03 am
The FBI says a Seattle man charged with kidnapping his 9-year-old son and fleeing with him on his sailboat is now in the United States.
Emily Langlie, a spokeswoman for the US attorney’s office, says 46-year-old Jeffrey Ford Hanson appeared in a Los Angeles courtroom Monday afternoon and was ordered detained.
She says Hanson will be transported to Seattle for the next hearings in the case.
A US federal arrest warrant was issued for Hanson on Sept. 12 after they believed he’d sailed away with his son, who had been last seen August 28.
The FBI and Seattle police worked with local, state, federal and international partners to locate Billy Hanson.
The boy was found by authorities in Niue, an island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean.

Britain  France  US ask UN to blacklist Libyas Ansar al-ShariaBritain, US and France proposed to the UN that Islamist extremist group Ansar al-Sharia in Libya be blacklisted.
By: Reuters | United Nations | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:47 am
Britain, the United States and France have proposed that Islamist extremist group Ansar al-Sharia in Libya be blacklisted under the United Nations al Qaeda sanctions regime, diplomats said on Tuesday, speaking on condition of anonymity.
If all 15 members of the UN Security Council’s al Qaeda sanctions committee agree, the group will be added to the list on November 19 and subjected to an arms embargo and a global travel ban and asset freeze, the diplomats said.
Ansar al-Sharia is blamed by Washington for a 2012 attack on the former US consulate in the city of Benghazi that killed the American ambassador.
Western powers worry that Libya is heading towards civil war as authorities are too weak to control former rebels who helped oust Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 but now defy state authority to grab power and a share of oil revenues.
Libya is divided between rival tribes and political factions with two governments vying for legitimacy since an armed group from the western city of Misrata seized Tripoli in August, forcing the internationally recognized Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni to move east.

Wagah bombers vow revenge against ModiPrint
Narendra Modi will land in Australia on November 15.
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:46 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 4:10 pm
The terrorist group that carried out Sunday’s murderous suicide bombing at Wagah has followed it up with a threat to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“You are the killer of hundreds of Muslims,” Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA) spokesperson ‘Ehsanullah Ehsan’ said in a message released on his Twitter feed on Monday, hours after claiming responsibility for the Wagah strike , “We w(il)l take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gujarat” (sic).
Modi has been briefed at least twice in the last fortnight on the growing threat from complex webs of transnational jihadist groups operating from Pakistan’s war-torn north-west and their new Indian affiliates, who give them the assets needed to execute their threats.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks during the launch of Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) membership drive at party headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI photo)
One arm of the Indian Mujahideen, led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri and his lieutenant Muhammad Ahmad Zarar Siddibapa, has merged into al-Qaeda, intelligence officials say. The rival Indian Mujahideen group, known as the Ansar-ul-Tauheed, is training at camps run by the TTP-JA.
Each of the groups who have acquired Indian partners have rejected talks with the Pakistani government, instead committing to the destruction of the Pakistani state.
Led by Maulana Qasim, the TTP-JA was founded in September by commanders who rejected the Tehreek-e-Taliban’s decision to talk to the Pakistani government. Inspired by the Islamic State, its leadership also has close personal ties with al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri. Its key commander, journalist-turned-jihadist Omar Khalid Khorasani, seeks to overthrow the Pakistani government, impose shari’a, seize the country’s nuclear weapons, and wage jihad until “the Caliphate is established across the world”. In February, Omar Khalid executed 23 Pakistani soldiers by beheading, a message both to pro-dialogue commanders and the army.
Al-Zawahiri, in turn, has created a new subcontinental wing of al-Qaeda, that has threatened strikes against India. Indian Mujahideen cadre have been training with the new Al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS) for over a year, and Indian intelligence services have told the Prime Minister attempted strikes could be just months, or even weeks, away.
Leaders of the Indian Mujahideen and the central leadership of al-Qaeda, communications decrypted by the National Investigation Agency suggest, began negotiations on a merger in mid-2013. The effort was led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri, who wanted a new patron to break free of restraints placed on the group’s operations by his erstwhile mentor, Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate.

Two mortar shells hit North Sinai governorate headquartersBy: Press Trust of India | Cairo | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:38 am
A huge explosion went off next to the North Sinai Governorate headquarters in Al Arish city when unknown militants fired two mortar shells targeting a security point near the building.
The two mortar shells landed in the vicinity of the governorate headquarters. No injuries were reported, according to the state news agency MENA yesterday.
The police and army personnel are searching the area for other explosives.
North Sinai has been the scene of many violent attacks by Islamist militants since the January 2011 revolution. The attacks targeting police and military increased after the ouster of Islamist ex-president Mohamed Morsi last year.  Over 500 policemen and soldiers, have been reportedly killed in the attacks.
Last week, Egypt declared a three-month of state of emergency in parts of North Sinai and a curfew following a deadly attack that killed 31 soldiers.
The explosion cause by the two mortar shells came days after residents of Rafah on the border between Egypt and the Gaza Strip have begun evacuating their homes after an official decision to form a buffer zone.

Farm distress looms as global crop prices crash after 10-year bull runPrint
Wheat, corn and soybean prices are CBOT quotes; Rice: Thailand 5% broken; Palm oil: Malaysia futures; Cotton: Cotlook ‘A Index’; Sugar: Raw ICE futures; Rubber-RSS-4 Bangkok; Milk Powder: Average Fonterra Global Dairy Trade auction price; One bushel equals 25.4 kg of corn and 27.22 kg of soybean/wheat.
Written by Harish Damodaran | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:36 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 11:34 am
For the last 10 years, farmers in India benefited from both increased production and higher price realisations — leading to rising rural incomes and declining poverty rates. That happy story may now be near its end — which could be the precursor to a renewed crisis in agriculture.
The main reason is declining global prices for most agri-commodities (see Table 1).
Over the last five-six months, corn, wheat and soybean prices have crashed to $ 3.7, $ 5.4 and $ 10.3 a bushel respectively at the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) exchange. Even these represent a minor recovery from the lows reached in early October.
Just for comparison, CBOT corn futures had peaked at $ 8.49 per bushel in August 2012. The same highs for soybean and wheat were $ 17.94 (reached in September 2012) and $ 13.34 (February 2008) respectively.
“The prices now are almost going back to the Jurassic Age,” said B K Anand, Director (Grains & Oilseeds Crush), Cargill India, one of the country’s biggest commodity traders.
CBOT is the world’s premier exchange, where futures and options contracts in commodities are traded.
The current situation is dramatically different from the one prevailing between 2003-04 and 2013-14, a decade during which production of most crops
rose significantly (see Table 2), partly enabled by technologies that arrived at just the right time — Bt cotton, single-cross corn hybrids and Pusa-1121 basmati.
Farmers also gained from higher price realisations: while overall inflation based on the GDP deflator — a more accurate measure — averaged 6.8 per cent during the last 10 years, the annual price increase for “agriculture” was even more at 9.7 per cent.
As farmers experienced rising incomes from both higher production and improved terms of trade, India registered the sharpest decline in rural poverty rates for any decade since independence.
The decade-long global commodity price boom helped farmers by making India’s agricultural exports competitive; these soared from $ 7.5 billion in 2003-04 to $ 42.6 billion in 2013-14.
It also forced the Centre to substantially raise minimum support prices (MSP). The MSP of wheat, for instance, went up from Rs 630 to Rs 1,400 per quintal; the Madhya Pradesh (MP) and Rajasthan governments paid a bonus of Rs 150 on top of that.
The impact of the crash in grain prices isn’t small for India, which in the last two years exported an average 6 million tonnes (mt) of wheat and 4.5 mt continued…

New Zealand wont send troops to fight Islamic State group in IraqNew Zealand says it won't send combat troops to Iraq to directly fight the Islamic State group.
By: Associated Press | Wellington | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:22 am
New Zealand says it won’t send combat troops to Iraq to directly fight the Islamic State group but it could send military personnel to help train Iraqi forces behind the front lines.
Prime Minister John Key on Wednesday delivered a speech on national security to address the Pacific Island nation’s response to the threat posed by the extremist group.
Key said government agencies have a watch list of between 30 and 40 New Zealanders who are engaged in extremist behavior. He said some have traveled to Syria to participate in fighting, others have tried but have had their passports canceled, and others are funding terrorism.
Key said New Zealand has been considered relatively safe from extremist threats but that is changing.

Based on Exit Poll  Shelley Moore Capito (R) Wins West Virginia Senate RaceEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Russel Metals Announces: Strong Third Quarter Results and Record Quarterly RevenuesRussel Metals Announces: Strong Third Quarter Results and Record Quarterly Revenues
Macau gambling  lucky money© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/71fd27e0-1e52-11e4-ab52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China property decline continuesChina property decline continues
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2af87f46-5b3a-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas anti-corruption push hits Macau© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79e893dc-4552-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU leaders weigh Greek exit from bailoutEU leaders weigh plan for Greek exit from bailout
Peter Spiegel in Brussels and Kerin Hope in Athens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b01ba96-6357-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas small lenders seek coverChina’s small lenders pull back as economy slows
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f07a5f4-632d-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Record fall in Macau casino revenuesMacau casino revenues fall by a record in October
Demetri Sevastopulo in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b772f42-63f0-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China fines slow progress on shale gasNovember 4, 2014 11:29 am
China levies first fines for slow progress on shale gas
Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95c7f7b6-63fa-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Second richest man ever was poorer than usNovember 4, 2014 4:05 pm
The second richest man of all time was poorer than us
John Kay
I would rather have antibiotics than gold plate, and I suspect Rothschild would have felt the same
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d1bb8ca-6412-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate change: You want the bad news or the goodGood and bad news on climate change Nov 04, 2014 - 5:53 pm
The latest UN report on global warming found that the risk of runaway climate change can be prevented without seriously denting global economic growth. But it also warned that without deep cuts to greenhouse gas emissions, the frequency of climate-related disasters will rise. Fiona Symon discusses this, and the findings of another report warning about the depletion of groundwater resources, with Pilita Clark, FT environment correspondent.

Maruti investing about Rs4 000 cr in key areas in next three yearsMaruti investing about Rs4 000 cr in key areas in next three years
FIIs route funds to India via USFIIs route funds to India via US
Europes recovery dreamOctober 5, 2014 7:13 pm
If Europe insists on sticking to rules, recovery will be a dream
By Wolfgang Münchau
A euro devaluation would have to be extreme to have a big impact on, say, Italian exporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/352e4edc-4997-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech groups encrypt data after SnowdenTech companies step up encryption in wake of Snowden
Hannah Kuchler
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c1553a6-6429-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Between a rock and a hard placeThe Arab spring idealist who died for Isis
It was April 2012. With those words, Mr Sechin signed a wide-ranging partnership between Rosneft , Russia’s state oil company, and ExxonMobil – in the process throwing open the doors of Russia’s vast oil wealth to the western energy industry.
Today, the partnership envisaged by Mr Sechin, Rosneft chief executive, is in tatters. Under pressure of western sanctions , Exxon has frozen all 10 of its joint ventures with Rosneft, and other western companies – from majors such as Shell and Total to smaller oil services and engineering groups – are stepping back from Russia.
The implications are far-reaching. Mr Sechin heralded an era of co-operation that would help Russia develop new frontiers in the oil industry – a “re-industrialisation of Russia”.
While his words were heavy with hyperbole, no one could doubt the urgency behind them: Russia’s oil industry was facing a creeping crisis of existential proportions. The enormous Siberian oilfields developed during Soviet times were ageing, and without the development of new resources – from the frozen Arctic in the far north to Siberian shale deposits – Russian oil production would soon fall dramatically.
The impact of the sanctions threatens the transfer of cutting-edge technology and expertise to Russia
Now, with western companies in retreat, the development of those resources will be at best delayed, if not scrapped altogether, according to numerous government officials, executives and analysts.
The US and Europe have imposed a string of sanctions on the Russian oil industry in response to Moscow’s actions in Ukraine , restricting access to western financial markets and limiting exports of equipment. The consequences for Russia are stark: next year, many believe, its oil production will fall – a first drop, excluding a dip in 2008, since 1998 and the start of what many expect will be a long-term decline.
“In the last few years production growth has stabilised,” says Leonid Fedun, vice-president of Lukoil, Russia’s largest private sector oil group. “But there will not be any more growth.”
IHS CERA, a leading oil consultancy, has slashed its outlook for Russian oil production, predicting in a recent research report that if western sanctions are maintained, the country’s oil production could fall from 10.5m barrels a day to about 7.6m b/d in 2025.
A fall in Russian production could reshape the country’s political future as well as world energy markets. Moscow relies on the energy industry for more than half of its revenues – Rbs7.3tn ($171bn) according to the state accounts chamber – and a fall in production, combined with the recent drop in oil prices, could threaten the Kremlin’s ability to maintain stability at home and project its power abroad.
On a global scale, a 3m b/d drop in Russian production could offset some of the growth in supply from the US shale boom , helping to reverse the current market surplus and keep oil prices high in the medium term.
Russia’s shale revolution
Two and a half years after his speech in New York, Igor Sechin stood aboard a drilling rig in the icy waters of the Arctic and declared victory. After months of suspense, Rosneft revealed it had struck oil in the Kara Sea, one of the last great untapped oil reservoirs that may contain as much crude as the Gulf of Mexico. The new field, he said, would be called Pobeda – victory.
Mr Sechin made a point of naming all the western companies that had worked on the project, down to the service companies and equipment manufacturers that usually remain behind the scenes. “This is our united victory,” he said.
But the victory was hollow. After the US and EU in September imposed sanctions blocking the export of a wide range of goods , services and technology to three types of Russian oil project – Arctic, deepwater and shale – western participation in such projects is all but impossible, lawyers and executives say.
Exxon has wound down its participation in the Kara Sea project, and will not be able to return until US sanctions are lifted. And it is not alone. Artur Chilingarov, a Russian senator who sits on Rosneft’s board, says that “under the circumstances of sanctions, further co-operation with international companies [in the Arctic] will be difficult”.
Rosneft – which yesterday revealed that its third-quarter profit was all but wiped out by the fall in the rouble and lower oil prices – insists it will continue exploring in the Kara Sea, with or without Exxon. But most in the industry are sceptical. “Offshore Arctic is closed for the foreseeable future,” says Duncan Milligan, a Russian oil specialist at consultancy Wood Mackenzie.
Exxon’s Arctic venture may be the highest profile casualty of western sanctions against Russia, but it is unlikely to be the most significant. “For all the attention given to Exxon and Rosneft, that’s the oil of a decade from now,” says Thane Gustafson, author of Wheel of Fortune, a history of the Russian oil industry. “The point of the spear, I think, is what people are now calling tight oil.”
Tight or shale oil, known in Russian by the looser term “hard-to-recover” oil, has been the target of a major push by Moscow as the Kremlin hopes to replicate the US shale revolution in Russia.
In theory, at least, that is not far-fetched: Russia is estimated by the US Department of Energy to have the largest reserves of shale oil on the planet at 75bn barrels, with the Bazhenov field, several times the size of the Bakken, the driver of the US shale revolution.
But western co-operation in Russian shale oil is also foundering. Exxon’s projects with Rosneft to explore the Bazhenov have been frozen; so has a Shell joint venture with Gazprom Neft , the oil division of gas giant Gazprom; so has a tie-up between Total and Lukoil .
Out of service
Executives and lawyers say the sanctions effectively prohibit western oil companies from any involvement in Russian shale projects – in particular by inhibiting the service companies whose expertise is essential to carrying out the complex drilling operations that characterise shale production. “You can’t touch Bazhenov any more. That’s dead,” says a western oil executive in Moscow.
Moscow’s hopes of 440,000 b/d of Russian shale oil production by 2020 now seem unlikely, analysts say.
Some Russian companies believe they will be able to develop shale resources without western assistance. But Russia lacks the nimble and entrepreneurial small oil companies that have driven the US boom, says Mr Gustafson.
“There was a very interesting experiment under way,” he says. “If the Russians don’t have small companies of the kind that did the magic in North Dakota, the bet was that big companies could come in and partner with even bigger companies and realise the same magic.”
But the impact of the sanctions goes further still, executives say, challenging the transfer of cutting-edge technology and expertise to Russia altogether.
Just as financial sanctions against certain companies have triggered a wider freeze in lending to Russia as a whole, so the energy sector sanctions have caused a ripple effect of “sympathy sanctions”, as western companies step back from the Russian market as a whole, regardless of the letter of the sanctions.
“It’s not just what the sanctions say, it’s the whole atmosphere it creates around the industry,” says Mr Milligan.
The move has the greatest potential impact in the services sector – the companies that actually drill the wells, manufacture specialist parts, and provide the expertise to analyse the result.
These functions are overwhelmingly provided by western companies – the likes of Schlumberger, Halliburton and Baker Hughes – at Russia’s most technically challenging projects. Western companies account for about half of the technology used in hard-to-recover oil projects and more than 80 per cent of the technology used offshore, according to Russia’s energy ministry.
While techniques such as fracking and horizontal drilling are associated with shale, they are also widely used to maximise production from more conventional oilfields, with pockets of oil held in harder-to-access rock formations. It makes a broader retreat by western service companies deeply concerning for Russia’s oil executives.
Fragile sector
Vagit Alekperov, chief executive of Lukoil, recently told Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev that 25 per cent of Russian oil production involved fracking and relied on western service companies. “This is the most fragile part, that could be the first to cause damage to the oil industry,” he said.
Even though most western service companies have publicly affirmed their commitment to Russia, competitors and clients say there are clear signs that they are stepping back.
Some specialised pieces of equipment used for horizontal drilling and fracking, and offshore production, are now harder to come by in Russia, executives say. Among them are liner hanger systems, used to prepare wells for drilling; bottom-hole assemblies, the collection of parts around the drill bit; and high-pressure engines designed specifically for fracking.
That has raised concerns that even oilfields already in production might run into difficulties when equipment needs to be replaced.
“If you lose a big bottom-hole assembly then it’s hard to replace,” says a senior executive at a small Russian oil company. “So far the effect is subtle, but it’s going to get worse.”
Vladimir Shmatovich, head of strategy at Russian pipe manufacturer TMK, says western competitors have been dropping out of the market even in areas not directly targeted by sanctions, such as the Caspian Sea. “Western pipe manufacturers’ share of the Russian market has declined significantly and they are now almost completely out,” he says.
One western executive says his company was forced to freeze a project after the service companies withdrew.
Mr Gustafson says: “If the service companies are not able to work their magic then that really does do damage to the capacity of Russian oil companies to move from conventional to unconventional.”
In Moscow, the sense of urgency is palpable. “To maintain the current level of production, we will need to drill not 20 metres as we do now, but 30 metres,” says Mr Fedun of Lukoil. “Such a level requires an increase in the quantity of drilling teams by 60 per cent. But given the fact that western contractors are curtailing their work in Russia, such an increase is highly doubtful.”
The Kremlin is responding: the $83bn National Wealth Fund – designed to finance the country’s state pensions – is likely to be tapped by oil companies suffering from sanctions. Rosneft alone has asked for a 2 trillion ($48bn) rouble loan , although government officials indicate it is likely to receive substantially less than that.
Inevitably perhaps, some are beginning to look back to the Soviet oil industry with nostalgia. Mr Alekperov recalls that when he was deputy oil and minister of the Soviet Union in the late 1980s “100 per cent of the equipment was Soviet-manufactured”. Now, he warns, replacing western equipment and services will require “colossal funds”.
Just as in Soviet times, Russia is likely to throw resources at the problem, says Valery Nesterov, senior oil analyst at Sberbank. Among the options being considered is the creation of a giant state-owned oil services company to replace western companies.
“Russia has a tradition of focusing on priority projects and succeeding,” says Mr Nesterov, recalling the Soviet space programme. “Given the importance of the oil sector to the country, if production falls sharply all necessary measures will be taken to improve the situation.”
Oil services: How Stalin opened the door to western groups
It was Josef Stalin who first brought a western oil service company to Russia. In 1929, under pressure to meet the targets set out in the Soviet leader’s first five-year plan, oil managers hired Conrad and Marcel Schlumberger to use their pioneering technology to map oilfields in Chechnya and Baku.
Seven decades later it was a Schlumberger executive who was instrumental in bringing western technology to the Russian oil industry after the Soviet Union’s collapse. Joe Mach, with a mantra of “frack every well”, joined Yukos in 1999, helping to double its production in five years.
Today, Schlumberger accounts for a 10th of drilling and other services in the Russian oil industry, according to Dmitry Lebedev, head of Russia-focused consultancy REnergyCo. Other western peers, such as Weatherford, Baker Hughes and Halliburton , account for another 10 per cent, though that understates their importance in the most technically challenging projects.
The companies have responded to sanctions by stepping back from Russia. Schlumberger, for example, has withdrawn a significant number of its US and European executives from Russia, according to industry executives. The company declined to comment, saying only that it “continues to take all steps necessary to ensure compliance with applicable laws”.
Vladimir Salamatov, director of Moscow’s World Trade Centre, which promotes business, says the value of Russia’s imports of the oil equipment on the sanctions list has risen nearly sixfold since 2001. Countries that have imposed sanctions on Russia account for $1.2bn – 57 per cent – of those imports.
Some of that is easily replaceable. But other equipment and technology will be slower – if not impossible – to replace, Mr Salamatov says. He singles out rotary steerable systems, used to guide horizontal drills.
And even where Russian suppliers can replace western equipment, the quality is likely to be lower. “The Russian oil services industry is in a bad shape, it always was,” says Mr Lebedev. “It’s like having an old Russian Lada instead of a Mercedes.”
Related Topics

In the path of the shale gale© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6d93d494-5dc5-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US midterms: does it really matterShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
US midterms: do they really matter?
Nov 4, 2014 : The FT's US managing editor Gillian Tett and US national editor Gary Silverman speak with Cardiff Garcia about the importance of the midterm elections for US policymaking, the economy and foreign policy.
Credits: Produced by Gregory Bobillot.

Saudi princes libel fight costs 1.4m so farSaudi prince’s libel fight costs £1.4m so far
Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/22952d02-6442-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti Alto K10 most affordable car with automatic gear shift technologyMaruti Alto K10 most affordable car with automatic gear shift technology
Reserve Bank likely to hold rates: IcraReserve Bank likely to hold rates: Icra
UPDATE 1-White House says oil price plunge good for U.S. consumersUPDATE 1-White House says oil price plunge good for U.S. consumers
Russia ETF inflows strong in spite of turmoilSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Rolls-Royce to shed 2 600 jobs© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d253288-6433-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Energy shares lead Wall Street lower in broad declineUS stocks fell in a broad decline, with energy shares leading the selloff as crude prices declined for a fourth straight day.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks fell in a broad decline on Tuesday, with energy shares leading the selloff as crude prices declined for a fourth straight day, raising concerns about global demand.
U.S. crude oil fell 2.7 percent to $76.64 per barrel, dropping to its lowest level in about three years after Saudi Arabia cut sales prices to the United States. This is the fourth straight session that crude has fallen, losing 6.8 percent over that period. It is down more than 30 percent from a recent closing peak.
While the broader market has risen this year, energy has lagged. The S&P energy index fell 2.5 percent on Tuesday, and it is the only one of the ten primary sectors to be negative on the year.
The Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF fell 2.7 percent on Tuesday to $83.74, while Chevron Corp fell 1.2 percent to $115.38.
The decline in oil "has an immediate effect on the energy sector, of course, but it also has implications for the broader market, reflecting a lack of demand," said John Kosar, director of research with Asbury Research in Chicago. "With the market at record highs, you'd like to see oil do better since demand for oil indicates the economy is humming along."
While energy was by far the weakest sector of the day, the day's losses were spread across sectors. Of the 10 primary S&P 500 sectors, only consumer staples were in positive territory.
Alibaba Group Holding rose 2.7 percent to $104.58 on massive volume after the Chinese e-commerce giant reported its first quarterly results as a public company, posting revenue growth of 53.7 percent. The company is one of the largest in the world, but its rise did not directly translate to major indexes as it is not a component of the Dow or S&P 500 and it is not traded on the Nasdaq.
Priceline Group Inc fell 9 percent to $1,089.06 after reporting its results. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc lost 6.2 percent to $370.73 after cutting the top end of its full-year sales outlook.
The market's recent rally, which took both the Dow and S&P 500 to intraday records on Monday, has largely come on strong corporate financial results, which have eased concerns about the pace of economic growth. With results in from 78 percent of companies, 76 percent have beaten analysts' expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the long-term average of 63 percent.
At 11:06 a.m. (1606 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average fell 62.29 points, or 0.36 percent, to 17,303.95, the S&P 500 lost 13.88 points, or 0.69 percent, to 2,003.93 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 36.08 points, or 0.78 percent, to 4,602.82.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,063 to 891, for a 2.32-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,632 issues fell and 879 advanced for a 1.86-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 was posting 65 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 57 new highs and 29 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Babus of PM s team in Guj move to Capital s key posts | PMO s spokesman needKey members from Narendra Modi's government in Gujarat take crucial positions at Centre
DP Bhattacharya, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Gujarat
(Modi has closely tested…)
AHMEDABAD: Gandhinagar is moving to Lutyens' Delhi — lock, stock and file notings. With Hasmukh Adhia included in a list of 50 senior Indian Administrative Service officers transferred late on Monday, the number of serving bureaucrats who have moved to New Delhi from Gujarat to occupy crucial positions after the Narendra Modi government took charge has reached six. In the space of five months, the prime minister has taken the trusted band of lieutenants he cultivated as chief minister of Gujarat and brought many of its members to the national capital as he embarks on recreating his model at a countrywide level.
Only two members of this inner circle — K Kailashnathan and GC Murmu — haven't shifted to the Capital. Of these two, Kailashnathan has stayed on in the Gujarat chief minister's office as chief principal secretary, a contractual appointment since he's past retirement age. Murmu is now the principal secretary to the chief minister.
To be sure, at least eight senior Gujarat cadre IAS officers were serving at the Centre even before the new government took charge. Quite a few of them will now rotate back to the parent state as their fellow cadre officers come to Delhi.
Adhia was named financial services secretary in the finance ministry. The others that belong to the Modi band include Arvind Sharma and Sanjay Bhavsar in the Prime Minister's Office, Rajesh Kishore in the National Human Rights Commission , HK Dash in the interstate council in the ministry of home affairs and Guruprasad Mohapatra in the ministry of commerce. Add to this the prime minister's additional principal secretary PK Mishra, a retired Gujarat cadre IAS officer who served as principal secretary to Modi when he was chief minister in 2001-04.
Modi has closely tested these officers and has a high level of comfort with them, said a retired bureaucrat who has observed the functioning of the new PMO closely.
"Essentially, Modi had run his government in Gujarat through the bureaucrats and he is not changing his ways in Delhi," this person said. "People who earned his trust in terms of delivery are the ones who are now being picked up for Delhi as he, in more ways than one, is trying to replicate the Gujarat model at the Centre."
In fact, politicians often used to grumble that bureaucrats wielded more power than ministers with the ultimate fountainhead being the chief minister's office, where the all-powerful Kailashnathan reigned over his colleagues as the primary interface between Modi and the rest of the administration.
There was initial speculation that Kailashnathan would follow Modi to Delhi but the IAS officer, recalled from retirement after an extension, was appointed to the post in the Anandiben Patel CMO.
As for the other bureaucrats who were seen to be close to Modi, DJ Pandian — the man behind the Vibrant Gujarat investor summit — was elevated as state chief secretary last week while Bharat Lal, a career Indian Forest Service officer and a long-time Modi confidante in New Delhi, continues to head Gujarat Bhavan in the national capital. Another officer, Vijay Nehra, who was part of Modi's CMO, was shunted out as Rajkot municipal commissioner when Patel took over as chief minister.
Gujarat cadre IAS officers working at the Centre before Modi came to power include Rajiv Topno, Rita Teotia, Sunaina Tomar and Vijaylakshmi Joshi. A Gujarat government official told ET that while a number of officials are being transferred to Delhi, quite a few currently on central deputation will return to their parent cadre.
"Moreover, about 20 people from the state administrative services are likely to be promoted to the IAS cadre in a couple of months' time and that should take care of the shortfall," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

InGo Grows Events for Six Global BrandsInGo Grows Events for Six Global Brands
Based on Exit Poll and Analysis of Vote  Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D) Wins NH Senate RaceEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Follow Live! Complete Coverage of Election Night ResultsThe races listed below are editorially selected key races from around the country. To find results from other states, use the "state results" menu at the top of this page.
DDemocratic

Gold steadies but holds within striking distance of four-year lowGold steadies but holds within striking distance of four-year low
NYMEX-U.S. crude rises on news of inventory fallNYMEX-U.S. crude rises on news of inventory fall
Airtel Africa launchAirtel Africa launch
Ukraine attempts to break gas deadlockUkraine attempts to break gas supplies deadlock
By Christian Oliver and Peter Spiegel in Brussels, and Jack Farchy in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6812d2de-5eb2-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed Ends Historic Easing Programfed ends historic easing program
Chillax  Parents: The  Frozen  Toy Shortage Has ThawedEmail
Richard Drew / AP
This Oct. 1, 2014 photo shows Disney's Frozen Castle & Ice Palace Playset at the TTPM Holiday Showcase, in New York.
Though parents may still have had to scrounge for Elsa costumes this Halloween, the "Great Frozen Merchandise Shortage of 2014" is melting.
Suppliers say they’ve finally adjusted to an unexpected surge in demand for toys and accessories to the $1.3 billion blockbuster, the most successful animated film of all time. The unexpected success had hit retailers by surprise, leading to empty store shelves and "out of stock" notices at online retailers, frustrated parents, and skyrocketing prices on eBay for anything Frozen-related.
“Anyone who has a girl who likes Frozen is caught in this craziness because they’re just crazy for it. I went to a Frozen parade the other day and it was like a cult,” said Keesha Beckford, a Chicago-based dance instructor and mother of two. Her four-and-a-half-year-old girl is thoroughly Frozen obsessed. 
"We have the video. Their love of it is not fading at all,” she said.
In fact, the home release is probably why the love isn't fading nearly one year after the movie’s release. A surge in demand tends to occur with home releases, said Jim Silver, editor-in-chief of toy industry magazine TTPM. But add that surge to an already astronomically successful film like Frozen, and demand becomes unprecedented.
Frozen, released in late November 2013, was mostly planned to spur mostly holiday sales, said Silver.
"The assumption is it would cool off in January and February. That didn't happen."
Instead, Frozen turned into a box-office mammoth, becoming the fifth-highest grossing film of all time. Toys sold out during the holidays. And people kept buying them when the holidays were over.
“I think they’re always shy about overproducing,” said Matthew Hudak, an analyst covering games and toys for Euromonitor International. That can hurt relationships and stock can languish on shelves. "If you’re underproducing, demand can be fixed later," he said.
Merchandisers design their toys more than a year before a movie comes out, said Silver, often based on a ten-minute clip of the film, and going from production of a toy to arrival in a store can take four months. There’s no formula to predict what’s a hit and what’s not. 
Then came the March 18 home release.
“Right after the video came out, it reached an altogether different level,” said Silver.
By April, Disney Stores had to institute a two-item limit on Frozen merchandise. In May, Walt Disney Company CFO Jay Rasulo acknowledged the supply issues in a meeting with investors, blaming it on “lag time” in meeting surprise consumer demand. 
Toys 'R Us
A screenshot of Toys 'R Us website showing sold out Frozen merchandise.
Meanwhile, the Frenzy continued to heat up. A dress made by Jakks Pacific that retailed for $20 sold on eBay for between $150 and $350. Limited edition dolls that sold for $100 retail were fetching thousands online. A Disney company spokesperson said that the company even had to airlift Frozen dresses to stores. Across the internet Elsa and Olaf dolls were sold out.
Frustrated shoppers took to the Disney Store’s Facebook page to post their lamentations.
“Sad momma,” read one . “I’ve been trying to get a classic Elsa doll since April. I talk your site daily only to be sold out again. :(. #missionElsaByChristmas.”
Another user posted a cartoon of Olaf, the snowman from Frozen, showing him baffled by the store’s delay in restocking his movie's merchandise.
Now, finally, manufacturers including Disney, Mattel and Jakks Pacific have adapted to a new reality where demand for Frozen merchandise seems unquenchable. The Disney store is back to full stock. Wal-Mart said it had filled its stores with everything from Frozen dolls to bikes to diapers.
Video: Classics like Barbie and Hot Wheels made Walmart’s annual list predicting holiday toy trends, and other kiddie crowd pleasers like the Snow Glow Elsa Doll also made the cut.
The question is whether it's enough. The months Frozen sold out only account for 30-40 percent of yearly toy sales, Silver said. The real test will be the upcoming holidays.
“I think once people are going into Christmas, it’s going to be a whole other deal,” said Beckford. “Anything that they make, they know it’s going to sell.”
Andrew Thompson is Philadelphia-based freelancer. Find him on Twitter  @asthompson .
Tags:

Republicans seek a chance to governRepublicans seek a chance to govern
Barney Jopson, Gina Chon and Geoff Dyer in Washington and Shawn Donnan in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81b1b904-6375-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swiss Banker Acquitted in $20 Billion U.S. Tax Trialswiss banker acquitted in $20 billion u.s. tax trial
Expand BRICS into BRICKS: Kaushik Basu pitches for Kenya s inclusionITO metro station to be opened to commuters early next year
The five-member block of emerging economies, BRICS, should consider drawing Kenya into its fold to become ‘BRICKS’, World Bank’s Chief Economist and India’s former Chief Economic Advisor Kaushik Basu has said.
Originally this grouping was known as BRIC, after global financial giant Goldman Sachs’ Jim O’Neill coined this term in 2001 for Brazil, Russia, India and China, for being the four most important emerging economies of the world.
A few years ago, South Africa was included into this grouping and it became BRICS.
“BRICS should think seriously of drawing Kenya into its ranks and correcting the annoying spelling mistake that it is,” Basu has tweeted.
Basu became Senior Vice-President for Development Economics and World Bank Chief Economist in October 2012 and prior to that he was Chief Economic Advisor to the Government of India.
Basu, a well-known expert on Indian and other emerging economies, is currently on leave from his position and is serving as Professor of Economics and the C Marks Professor of International Studies at Cornell University.
Earlier he was also Professor of Economics at the Delhi School of Economics.
Earlier last month, Basu said that among the BRICS in 2013 and this year, China has had the “fastest growth and India the fastest growth of growth–the only country where the growth rate grew”.
Basu had also said that GDP growths of the 5 countries in this block, when arranged in terms of fastest to slowest, would be given the acronim CIRSB for 2003-08, while for 2013 it is CIBSR and CISRB for 2014.
In reply to Basu’s latest tweet about Kenya’s inclusion, others also suggested Kazakhstan.
Renowned stock market expert Deepak Mohoni, who is known to have coined the term Sensex for the stock market’s benchmark index, tweeted on a lighter note that BRICS could also be respelt as ‘CRIBS’.
“Kenya improved its credit information system by passing legislation that allows the sharing of both positive and negative credit information and establishes guidelines for the treatment of historical data,” according to the World Bank’s latest Doing business report that was authored by Basu.
TAGS: BRICKS BRICS Kaushik Basu Kenya BRICS
More from economy

Hasmukh Adhia appointed new Financial Services SecretaryITO metro station to be opened to commuters early next year
With the appointment of Hasmukh Adhia as the new Secretary, Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, on Monday replacing Gurdial Singh Sandhu, the Modi government’s Budget 2015-16 team is more or less complete. Sandhu’s transfer was preceded by transfers of Arvind Mayaram and Rajiv Takru, both of whom were appointed as secretaries in the finance ministry during the previous UPA regime.
Mayaram was shunted out to the tourism ministry and later to the minority affairs ministry, while Takru was shifted to the Department of North-East and later transferred as secretary, National Commission for Minorities. Expenditure secretary R N Wattal remains the only secretary level officer in the finance ministry involved in the preparations of the last Budget.
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet approved the appointment of Adhia, a Gujarat cadre IAS officer of the 1981 batch after Sandhu who was shifted as the Chairman, National Authority for Chemical Weapons Convention in the rank and pay of Secretary in the vacancy of Prajapati Trivedi, an official release said late Monday. Sandhu, a Rajasthan cadre IAS officer of the 1980 batch was recently in the news for the successful launch of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
Adhia, a yoga enthusiast, was till now the Additional Chief Secretary, Finance Department, Government of Gujarat. Earlier, he was Principal Secretary to Narendra Modi from May 2004 to May 2006 when he was the Chief Minister, Gujarat. Prior to that, Adhia has also worked as Director, Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, Union Industry Ministry from 1994 to 1999. He was also the Industries Commissioner, Managing Director, Gujarat Industrial Investment Corporation as well as Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation.
On November 1, in a bid to expedite the implementation of the announcements in the 2015-16 Budget as soon as the new fiscal begins, the Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked all Government departments to advance budget-related processes by three months, so that the when the new financial year begins on April 1, 2015, work could begin as per the provisions of the new Budget on a real-time basis. Assuring the secretaries that there would be no political interference in their decision-making, Modi wanted them to work fearlessly in the interest of the nation and called for shifting government emphasis from output to outcome. (ENDS)
TAGS: Financial Services Secretary Hasmukh Adhia
More from economy

How about NASA space audio recordings for ringtonesHow about Nasa space audio recordings for ringtones?
PTI
print
NASA has released over 60 space audio recordings including sounds of shuttle launching, Saturn's rings, Neptune, Jupiter, Uranus and famous quotes from astronauts for anyone to hear online.
After decades of collecting celestial sounds - from rocket launches and astronaut dialogue to alien lightning and interstellar plasma - NASA recently set up a SoundCloud account, letting it stream the audio clips for anyone to hear.
NASA offers 63 sounds so far. 'A Giant Leap' Neil Armstrong's most famous words when his foot touched the surface of the Moon was the first SoundCloud clip that NASA posted online, 'mother nature network' reported.
'Earthsong' also called 'Chorus' is NASA's most popular feed. It is the noise produced by an electromagnetic phenomenon caused by plasma waves in Earth's radiation belts, which loom at least 8,000 miles (12,874 km) above the surface.
NASA made this recording in 2012 with its EMFISIS probe. Another audio NASA uploaded is 'Saturn Radio'. Saturn is home to dramatic auroras that are a lot like the northern and southern lights that dance around the Earth's poles when solar wind hits the upper atmosphere.
These lights are closely related to the planet's strong radio emissions, first detected by the Cassini spacecraft in 2002.
Another clip 'The Sounds of Interstellar Space' represents data that was recorded outside the heliosphere in 2012 and 2013 by NASA's Voyager 1.
'Lift Off' are the sounds of the first manned-mission to the Moon, Apollo 11. The clip includes lift off, as well as the applause in the space center.

Bengaluru: Woman gangraped by robbers in front of husbandWoman gangraped by robbers in front of husband
PTI  Bengaluru, November 04, 2014
First Published: 19:41 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 07:50 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
A 25-year-old woman was allegedly gangraped by knife wielding robbers in the presence of her husband and mother-in-law at her residence in Bengaluru, the police said on Tuesday.
The woman was raped by two members of a four-member robbers' gang in the presence of the family, as the accused allegedly tied their hands and threatened them with a knife, inspector HSR layout, Raghvinder, said.
The four accused, all aged 21 and residents of Bengaluru, entered the victim's house around midnight and claimed to be policemen who wanted to inquire about illegal sale of intoxicants, he said.
All the four robbers were arrested on October 31 at Chikkaballapur and charged under Section 376D (gangrape) of the Indian Penal Code, additional commissioner (law and order) Alok Kumar said.
The incident took place on the night of October 24 in the city's south-east area HSR layout, but a complaint against the accused was lodged on October 28, Raghvinder said.
According to the complainant, the robbers threatened the husband with the sharp-edged weapon after he opened the door and barged into their residence.
They broke the almirah and looted some cash and gold valuables, he said.
Later, they tied the husband and the mother-in-law to a bed and two of the robbers gangraped the victim, while the other two helped them keep a watch around the house.
The gang also threatened the members with dire consequences if they approached the police, and locked the door from outside before leaving the crime scene, he said.
The accused were wanted in numerous robbery cases, while one of them had recently been imprisoned in connection with a few theft cases, police said.

Union Cabinet approves dissolution of Delhi AssemblyCabinet approves dissolution of Delhi assembly
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Nov 4 (IANS) The union cabinet Tuesday recommended the dissolution of the Delhi assembly, informed sources said.
The decision was taken after leaders of the Bharatiya Janata party (BJP), Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) and the Congress Monday told Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung that they wanted elections to end months of political uncertainty.
The Delhi election threw up a fractured mandate, with the BJP refusing to form the government despite winning 31 seats.
The AAP came a close second with 28 seats, an electoral performance that stunned the nation, and formed a minority government with Congress backing.
But the government collapsed after 49 days as chief minister and AAP founder-leader Arvind Kejriwal resigned after failing to pass a Jan Lokpal Bill.
The national capital has been under President's rule since Feb 17.
Delhi BJP leader Satish Upadhyay expressed confidence about his party's victory.
"We will repeat our performance of Haryana and Maharashtra," he said.
The BJP, for the first time, has formed its own governments in Haryana and Maharashtra.
Recommend

Kimberly White / Getty Imageskimberly white / getty images
AAP wants Kejriwal vs Mukhi  BJP banks on Brand ModiComments
The BJP will fight the Delhi assembly elections without a chief ministerial face, banking instead on ‘Brand Modi’ for a repeat of the party’s winning performance in Maharashtra and Haryana.
However, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), seen as its main rival, said it would be a contest between its chief Arvind Kejriwal and Jagdish Mukhi, a Delhi BJP veteran earlier seen as a frontrunner for the CM’s chair.
The party positions became clearer Tuesday coinciding with the Union cabinet approving dissolution of the assembly and setting the ball rolling for the elections, likely to be held in February next year.
 
Lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung had recommended dissolving the House to the Centre after the BJP, Congress and AAP on Monday expressed inability to form government and sought a fresh mandate. It ended months of uncertainty that began with the Kejriwal government quitting on February 14 after just 49 days in power and President’s rule being imposed three days later.
The election commission recently announced bypolls to three assembly seats — necessitated by the BJP members being elected to the Lok Sabha in the summer — but this will now be cancelled. The panel will, instead, start preparations for the assembly polls.
 
The BJP — with 29 MLAs (including one from SAD) in the 67-member House —initially explored the possibility of forming a government with the support of ‘rebel’ MLAs from the Congress and AAP, sources said. It apparently backed off after none of its claimants for the CM’s post could get the support of six additional legislators — the number needed to reach the magic halfway mark.
 
Then came the victories in Maharashtra and Haryana, reinforcing the idea of a ‘Modi wave’ and infusing fresh confidence in the Delhi BJP. The party expects to do well in the next round of polls in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too, and feels the momentum will carry on to the Capital.
HT had reported Monday that the BJP would stick to its tried-and-tested formula of going faceless and relying on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“Our party believes in collective leadership and that is how we fought in Haryana and Maharashtra. We will get a clear majority this time too and afterwards, whoever the collective leadership decides will lead the state. Our focus is on winning the elections,” Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay told HT.
Sources also said there was no consensus yet on a CM candidate and in such circumstances, declaring one could affect the party’s prospects. In the last elections in December 2013, the BJP had declared Harsh Vardhan, now Union health minister, its CM candidate.
Contrary to the BJP’s position, AAP (with 28 MLAs) is clear about its choice — Kejriwal — and insists it will be Mukhi on the other side. “He is the main BJP leader. Tell me a better name,” the former CM said Tuesday.
Asked if he was scared of Modi, he said, “Will he resign as PM and fight for the CM’s post? It’s Mukhi who will be the BJP’s choice in Delhi.”
“We are confident of winning at least 45 seats. We are confident the people of Delhi will bless us,” Kejriwal added.

Kolkata port on terror alert  navy moves out two warshipsKolkata port on high alert after terror threat
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Kolkata/ New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 19:57 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:44 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Security forces in Kolkata are on high alert following a central intelligence warning that the city’s port may be the target of an attack by militants posing as fishermen, home ministry officials told HT on Tuesday.
Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) headquarters in Delhi alerted top West Bengal and Kolkata police officials on Monday through an email, cautioning them of a possible attack on the port by Pakistani navy-backed terrorists.
 
The Indian navy moved two warships — INS Khukri and INS Sumitra — out of the port after receiving the alert and increased patrolling in the sea. The ships were supposed to be open to the public on Wednesday and Thursday.
 
The alert came after Pakistani security forces foiled an attempt by al-Qaeda militants to capture a Pakistani frigate at Karachi in September. The militants aimed to use the ship to attack Indian and American vessels in the Indian Ocean.
 
“We came to know about the alert from the CISF,” said deputy commissioner of police (port division) Imran Wahab. “We had a meeting late into the night and Indian navy officers were also present.”
Sources said security agencies intercepted conversations about targeting Indian naval assets at Kolkata and swung into action, in part, because of September’s Karachi attack.
“Marine patrolling at the India-Bangladesh sea border in the Bay of Bengal has been enhanced in view of the alert,” said commodore Ravi Ahluwalia. “We have electronic surveillance on seagoing vessels, especially the fishing trawlers plying in the region.”
According to the alert, terrorists are likely to enter Indian waters posing as fishermen and are backed by Pakistan marines, an elite marine commando unit of the Pakistani navy.
“Intelligence inputs were promptly shared with port authorities, navy, coast guard, Kolkata police and other counter terror agencies and they have been asked to remain on high alert,” a Union home ministry official said.
Security sources said al-Qaeda’s new wing for India and Pakistan may be responsible for Sunday’s suicide attack on the Pakistani side at the Wagah border that killed over 60 people, and militants might carry out similar attacks in India.

Pakistan using terrorists against India: Pentagonprint
The US military has once again slammed Pakistan for using terrorists as its proxies to further its plans in the region, especially with regards to India and militarily-fragile Afghanistan.
"Afghan- and Indian-focused militants continue to operate from Pakistan territory to the detriment of Afghan and regional stability," the Pentagon said in a recent report to US congress on the situation in Afghanistan.
"Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India's superior military," the report added.
This is not the first time the United States has accused Pakistan of using terrorists as its proxies. Referring to a conversation with the Pakistani army chief, then US chairman of the joint chiefs of staff Mike Mullen said in a speech in 2011 that "We covered... the need for the Haqqani network to disengage, specifically the need for the ISI to disconnect from Haqqani and from this proxy war that they're fighting."
The next day, at a congressional hearing, Admiral Mullen went further and said the Haqqani network "acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence agency".
US frustration with Pakistan's continued use of terrorists was one reason why Islamabad did't get a heads-up on the Abbottabad raid, despite being an ally in the war against terror.
The new Pentagon report underlined that frustration once again: "These relationships (the Pakistan has with terrorists) run counter to Pakistan's public commitment to support Afghan-led reconciliation. Such groups continue to act as the primary irritant in Afghan- Pakistan bilateral relations."
The report also mentioned the attack on the Indian consulate in Herat earlier in the year, three days before Prime Minister Narendra modi's swearing in. "Prime Minister Modi is perceived as being close to Hindu nationalist groups, a fact that may have played into the timing of the attack," said the report.
That attack was carried out by Lashkar-i-Tayyeba.

Mohammad Ayatollahi TabaarThe president was examined at Walter Reed for a sore throat, which was blamed on acid reflux.
Dec 6, 2014
Turns out he has acid reflux.
Dec 6, 2014
Texas governor elect Greg Abbott’s week in review
Dec 5, 2014
Josh Earnest: “We’ll have a little royalty in the house“
Dec 5, 2014
Outrage from both sides following the grand jury’s decision.
Dec 4, 2014
No fill in the blank way
Dec 4, 2014
Lewis was beaten by police during the civil rights movement.
Dec 4, 2014
“At some level everybody is our kid,” he said Thursday.
Dec 4, 2014

Fraud by unregistered brokers on the riseFraud by unregistered brokers on the rise
By: John Waggoner November 4, 2014 4:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Whenever there’s a bull market, there’s usually a bull market in financial chicanery, and last year was no exception, according to state securities administrators.
Charles Ponzi. AP file photo.
Biggest problem: Unlicensed brokers ripping off investors. The North American Securities Administrators Association says that states took 810 enforcement actions against unlicensed individuals or firms in 2013, up 34% from the year before. Actions against licensed agents rose 89% from 2012, to 357.
State securities regulators received 9,693 complaints from investors and conducted 5,302 investigations in 2013. Overall, however, total enforcement actions fell to 2,184 in 2013 from 2,496 a year earlier. “There’s still plenty to keep us busy,” says William Beatty, NASAA President and Washington State Securities Director.
Ponzi schemes were the most reported problems. In a typical Ponzi scheme, investors are promised high returns, and early investors are paid with later investors’ contributions. Eventually, the scheme collapses. “The promise people one thing, but intend from the get-go to separate them from their money,” Beatty says.
The next most popular scam was real estate investments, including promissory notes. These remain popular because the con artists offer high rates to yield-starved savers and retirees. “When your local bank is offering 1% and someone is offering significantly more than that, it’s attractive,” Beatty says.
And the internet makes it easier to connect victims with prey, NASAA reports. “The increased use of the Internet for lawful offerings combined with the lifting of the ban on general solicitation has resulted in additional challenges in differentiating fraudulent and lawful offerings on the Internet,” the organization says in their release.

Infy looking to partner with start-ups with ...You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys scouting for startups to partner its arm EdgeVerve
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Edgeverve
(Earlier this year, Infosys…)
BENGALURU: India's second largest software exporter Infosys is looking to partner with startups that can help scale up its hived-off products, platforms and solutions unit, EdgeVerve, as it believes the traditional services business will gradually shift to a more platform-led model.
To begin with, the Bengaluru-based IT company may look at either taking a startup's disruptive technology platform to its clients or help the startups scale up in terms of engineering, a senior executive said.
"For a services company in the past it did not make sense but when we are focused on Edge-Verve, we are actively looking from an acquisition perspective if there are interesting candidates which we can acquire and make part of our Edge product," Infosys' chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao told ET in an interview.
Earlier this year, Infosys made EdgeVerve its 39th wholly-owned subsidiary for about $80 million (Rs 480 crore) as it renewed its focus on products and platforms, which it estimates could generate at least a third of its total revenue in the coming years instead of 5-6per cent at present.
"Today we are seeing increasing adoption of cloud, increasing adoption of platforms, bundling of infra-app and other things. So, the market has shifted, the adoption has almost become mainstream and it could be a big thing in maybe three to five years," said Rao.
He added, "It is with this recognition that we are saying that the services business will shift over a period of time and it will be more about ecosystem, more about partners." Since not every idea will come from within Infosys, he said, partnership with startups can help Infosys fulfil its aspiration to become the services company for the next generation.
Infosys can help startups scale up or bundle interesting technologies with its offerings, he said, adding, "In the rarest of rare cases we will be looking at some equity participation also."
Under CEO Vishal Sikka , Infosys is also focusing on partnership model, with the company forging alliances with companies and universities.
The company has partnered with Sikka's alma mater, Stanford, to jointly make course curriculum in data science and analytics and help Infosys and the university work on real-world problem areas. The company has further extended its partnership with companies including Microsoft , Huawei and Hitachi and strengthened its engagement with Oracle.
Rao said that the rationale for deepening its partnership with Oracle is simply that Oracle is very strong in retail and finance while SAP remains dominant in manufacturing. "After Vishal has come back we are looking at some specific outcomes from the partnership.
Today we are also looking at co-creation and co-investing." Some analysts believe Infosys' focus on partnership will help the company scale up next-generation portfolio offerings while doing away with costs related with research and development and in turn protect margins.
"The relationship with Oracle will help Infosys enhance the value of its System Integration (SI) offerings in the digital marketing space," said Bozhidar Hristov, analyst at US-based research firm TBRI. "Infosys will leverage its SI capabilities and network of Oracle-enabled data centres to support the deployment of the application. Further, Infosys' partnership with Huawei will enable it to jointly deliver big-data-cloud-delivered solutions targeting enterprise clients in the telecommunication vertical," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Poroshenko calls for poll to be annulledUkraine president calls for disputed poll to be annulled
Neil Buckley in London, Roman Olearchyk in Kiev and Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c5d0380-6429-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nexus 6 might come to India on November 18  to start at around Rs40 000Google Nexus 6 has already been listed on Flipkart
Written by Debashis Sarkar | Taipei | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:40 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 4:56 pm
The next Nexus smartphone made by Motorola ( a Lenovo company now ) might be launched on November 18 in India.
It has been reliably learnt that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be available by the first week of December and there is a strong possibility that the new Nexus smartphone will be launched with a fortnight in the country. It has already been reported that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be launched in the country in the first wave itself.
The Nexus 6 smartphone will be priced around Rs 40,000 for the 32 GB version. The 64 GB variant will be priced around Rs 45,000. The Nexus 6 32GB has been already listed on Flipkart as ‘coming soon’. It seems the smartphone will be sold on Flipkart and Google Play only as of now.
We got to play with the phone at Google’s annual Asia-Pacific press event at Taipei, Taiwan. At first glance, the Nexus 6 looks like a larger version of the new Moto X smartphone. It features a 6-inch quad HD display. Despite the 6-inch screen, the Nexus 6 doesn’t compromise much on one-handed operability. It never gives the user the feel that the device is big to hold.
On the hardware front, the Nexus 6 runs on a 2.7 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 805 processor with the Adreno 420 GPU and 3 GB RAM. Running the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop OS, the smartphone sports a 13 MP rear camera and has a 2 MP front camera. Powered by a 3220 mAh battery, the Nexus 6 comes with Bluetooth 4.1, WiFi, NFC and supports 4K video playback.

Wagah bombers vow revenge against NarendraModiPrint
Narendra Modi will land in Australia on November 15.
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:46 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 4:10 pm
The terrorist group that carried out Sunday’s murderous suicide bombing at Wagah has followed it up with a threat to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“You are the killer of hundreds of Muslims,” Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA) spokesperson ‘Ehsanullah Ehsan’ said in a message released on his Twitter feed on Monday, hours after claiming responsibility for the Wagah strike , “We w(il)l take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gujarat” (sic).
Modi has been briefed at least twice in the last fortnight on the growing threat from complex webs of transnational jihadist groups operating from Pakistan’s war-torn north-west and their new Indian affiliates, who give them the assets needed to execute their threats.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks during the launch of Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) membership drive at party headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI photo)
One arm of the Indian Mujahideen, led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri and his lieutenant Muhammad Ahmad Zarar Siddibapa, has merged into al-Qaeda, intelligence officials say. The rival Indian Mujahideen group, known as the Ansar-ul-Tauheed, is training at camps run by the TTP-JA.
Each of the groups who have acquired Indian partners have rejected talks with the Pakistani government, instead committing to the destruction of the Pakistani state.
Led by Maulana Qasim, the TTP-JA was founded in September by commanders who rejected the Tehreek-e-Taliban’s decision to talk to the Pakistani government. Inspired by the Islamic State, its leadership also has close personal ties with al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri. Its key commander, journalist-turned-jihadist Omar Khalid Khorasani, seeks to overthrow the Pakistani government, impose shari’a, seize the country’s nuclear weapons, and wage jihad until “the Caliphate is established across the world”. In February, Omar Khalid executed 23 Pakistani soldiers by beheading, a message both to pro-dialogue commanders and the army.
Al-Zawahiri, in turn, has created a new subcontinental wing of al-Qaeda, that has threatened strikes against India. Indian Mujahideen cadre have been training with the new Al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS) for over a year, and Indian intelligence services have told the Prime Minister attempted strikes could be just months, or even weeks, away.
Leaders of the Indian Mujahideen and the central leadership of al-Qaeda, communications decrypted by the National Investigation Agency suggest, began negotiations on a merger in mid-2013. The effort was led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri, who wanted a new patron to break free of restraints placed on the group’s operations by his erstwhile mentor, Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate.

It s official! Delhi goes to polls; all eyes now on datesIt s official! Delhi goes to polls; all eyes now on dates
Maruti unveils Indias cheapest automatic carMaruti unveils Indias cheapest automatic car
Republican hopes get an early boostRecriminations fly over Democrat defeat
Richard McGregor and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4acbf180-6482-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

 S&P 500  Nasdaq Slip; Falling Oil Prices Weigh on EnergyYou are here: Home Market
S&P 500, Nasdaq Slip; Falling Oil Prices Weigh on Energy
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 07:34 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New York: The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended lower on Tuesday as another big drop in oil prices dragged down energy shares and Priceline's earnings forecast disappointed.
The S&P 500 energy sector fell 1.9 per cent, extending the group's recent drop, the Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF dropped 2.1 per cent, and Chevron Corp eased 1.2 per cent to $115.37.
The Dow ended slightly higher, although it was unable to break through Friday's record close. While the market has bounced back strongly from its recent selloff, the energy sector remains under pressure from plunging oil prices.
The price of US crude oil hit its lowest in three years after Saudi Arabia cut sales prices to the United States. Crude settled down $1.59 at $77.19 after reaching the lowest intraday price since October 2011 in the morning.
Adding to worries about global demand, the European Commission said the euro zone will need another year to reach even modest economic growth. A Reuters report said central bankers in the euro zone plan to challenge European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's leadership style.
"Eventually, a slowdown in Europe could affect large US companies. So far, we have not seen much influence, at least in earnings reports. Next quarter could really be indicative of whether a slowdown in Europe is actually having an effect here," said Bryant Evans, portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management in Champaign, Illinois.
Among other top negative influences, Priceline Group Inc shares dropped 8.4 per cent to $1,097.70, one of the largest percentage decliners on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, after it forecast quarterly earnings below Wall Street's expectations.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 17.6 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 17,383.84, the S&P 500 lost 5.71 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 2,012.1 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 15.27 points, or 0.33 per cent, to 4,623.64.
The Dow Jones transportation average rose 0.4 per cent and posted another record high close.
The session closed with all eyes on today's US elections, where a handful of Senate races could hold the key to whether the stock market glides through the year-end in a typical post-midterm election rally or gets hit with a fresh bout of volatility.
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd rose 4.3 per cent to $106.07 on massive volume after the Chinese e-commerce company reported its first quarterly results as a public company, posting revenue growth of 53.7 per cent.
The company is one of the largest in the world, but its rise did not directly translate to major indexes as it is not a component of the Dow or S&P 500 and is not traded on the Nasdaq.
Among the day's other big decliners, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc lost 5.8 per cent to $372.39 after it cut the top end of its full-year sales outlook for its blockbuster eye drug. But the company also said it is consulting with government agencies to see if its technology might be used to fight Ebola.
After the bell, shares of TripAdvisor dropped 13.9 per cent to $72.08 following the release of its results.
During the regular session, about 7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, compared with the 7.3 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,837 to 1,231, for a 1.49-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,530 issues fell and 1,148 advanced for a 1.33-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 07:31 (IST)

The Republicans Will Retain Control of the HouseEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Senate Control Is The Top Prize In The Midterm ElectionSenate Control Is The Top Prize In The Midterm Election
 | By                                                                DAVID ESPO
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Republicans made a final push Tuesday for at least six new Senate seats, banking on voter discontent with President Barack Obama to hand them the Senate majority for the first time in eight years.
Democrats hoped a strong voter-turnout operation would minimize their losses on an unfriendly campaign landscape. They were defending seats in seven states that Obama lost, several by landslide margins.
Republicans, not content to stop there, hungrily eyed three other states -- Colorado, Iowa and New Hampshire -- where the president's once-solid popularity has sagged.
Democrats privately said they hoped to limit their net losses to five seats, which would barely keep them in control. But even that would require them to win several races Tuesday where they were struggling.
The GOP seemed certain to pick up three seats where Democratic senators are retiring: in West Virginia, South Dakota and Montana.
Republicans were bullish in Arkansas, where freshman Rep. Tom Cotton aimed to oust two-term Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor. They felt almost as optimistic about ousting Sen. Mary Landrieu in Louisiana -- although a Dec. 6 runoff seemed likely. First-term Democratic Sen. Mark Begich of Alaska was another top target.
Victories in those six states would give Republicans the Senate majority, provided they don't lose any seats they now hold. Their biggest worries in that regard were in Georgia and Kansas.
In Georgia, where GOP Sen. Saxby Chambliss is retiring, Democrat Michelle Nunn and Republican David Perdue were locked in a tight battle.
In Kansas, three-term Republican Sen. Pat Roberts was scrambling to fend off independent candidate Greg Orman, who had persuaded the Democrat to leave the race and help him consolidate anti-Roberts sentiment. Orman hasn't said which party he will caucus with, however, so a Roberts loss doesn't automatically endanger the GOP's chances.
Kentucky's Senate race generated massive spending and national buzz. But Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes' bid to upset Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell seemed to fade in the homestretch. Obama lost Kentucky by 23 points, and McConnell is a proven campaigner.
Elsewhere, contests for Democratic-held seats in three closely divided states could prove crucial.
In North Carolina, Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is facing state House speaker Thom Tillis. The race set records for campaign spending, with airwaves drenched in political ads. Obama carried North Carolina in 2008, and lost it in 2012.
In Colorado, first-term Democratic Sen. Mark Udall faced a strong challenge from GOP Rep. Cory Gardner. In New Hampshire, Democrats said they believed Sen. Jeanne Shaheen could hold off Republican Scott Brown, a former senator from Massachusetts.
Few campaigns were as feisty and close as Iowa's, where long-time Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin is retiring.
Republican state Sen. Joni Ernst was facing Democratic U.S. Rep. Bruce Braley in a race that featured TV ads about castrating hogs, and a leaked fundraising video from Texas.
Barring a GOP wave, it's possible that control of the Senate won't be known for days or even weeks.
Slow vote counts in Alaska could make Republican Dan Sullivan's challenge against Begich too close to call for a while. In Louisiana, many expect a Dec. 6 runoff between Landrieu and GOP Rep. Bill Cassidy. And a Jan. 6 Georgia runoff between Perdue and Nunn also is possible.
If a runoff -- or a vote recount in any closely contested state -- will determine which party controls the Senate, the spending and politicking will be extraordinary.
A Republican takeover of the Senate would be huge politically, but its impact on governing is unclear. Even with Republicans controlling both houses of Congress, many of the dynamics that have fed federal gridlock for years would still be present.
Obama could veto legislation passed by a Republican-controlled Congress. And Senate Democrats, if relegated to the minority, could use the filibuster to thwart scores of GOP initiatives, just as Republicans have done to the Democrats for years.
A new Republican Senate majority could be short-lived. The 2016 Senate election map heavily favors Democrats, just as this year's map was ideal for Republicans.
In 2016, Republicans will be defending seats in seven states that Obama won, and in another three closely divided states. Most of the nine Democrats on the ballot will be solid favorites.
Also on HuffPost:

More petrol  diesel prices cut likely as crude dips to $80 a barrelMore petrol  diesel prices cut likely as crude dips to $80 a barrel
The ruthless wake of the waterThe Ruthless Wake of the Water
By: Arkadripta Chakraborty
For the last two months, India’s attention has been on the unprecedented floods in Kashmir that killed almost 300 people and reportedly cost the state Rs 1 lakh crore. The floods in Assam and Bihar are not a surprise the way they were in Kashmir, since they arrive every year. And so the fierce damage they wreak fails to get the nation’s sympathy or the media’s attention anymore. Our photographer travelled extensively through both states in August and September, witnessing the smashed homes and embankments, the ruined fields and roads, and above all, the shattered lives that the water leaves in its wake every year.
Recommend
Tweet
0
Left: An aerial view of the flood-hit city of Guwahati, Assam. This year alone, the floods have killed more than 70 people in Assam and cost the state an estimated Rs 2,010 crore. The recent floods between August and September in upper and lower Assam and Meghalaya’s Garo hills have been nothing short of a catastrophe, leaving over 100 people dead.
Right: A goat grazes at what used to be vast grassland in Assam’s Dhemaji district, now smothered by sand left behind by the floods. Around 40 percent of Assam’s land area is flood prone. According to records, the state loses 80sq km of land to erosion every year; the Brahmaputra and its tributaries have eaten away more than 4,270sq km of fertile land since 1950. On average, 9,310sq km of land is affected with every wave of floods in Assam.
Left: A breached embankment along Tongani River in Tongani Mazgram, Dhemaji district, Assam. The state government plans to earmark Rs 1,000 crore to set up a Flood and Erosion Protection Authority (FEPA). Its 4,400km-long embankments are badly in need of repair.
Right: A breached embankment on Bihar’s Kamli River in Kumrol village, Darbhanga district. Bihar is India’s most flood-prone state. In August, embankments were breached and thousands affected in Darbhanga, West Champaran and Nalanda districts. Over 18 lakh people have been affected in 17 districts across the state.
Left: Nipul Kutum, a resident of Kebarango village in Dhemaji district, Assam, stands at the edge of the breached embankment on the Tongani river, a tributary of the Brahmaputra. The water washed away Kutum’s household and cattle, as it did to many others in the village. 
Right: Rahul Mukhya stands at the edge of a broken embankment on the Kamli river, a tributary of the Koshi river at Baur village in Darbhanga district, Bihar. The 10-year-old said he didn’t mind the floods so much since they gave him a long vacation from school.
Left: Kamlo Devi (48) stands with her daughter Arti Kumari and son Chandan Kumar in front of the ruins of their home in Baur village, Darbhanga, Bihar, which was washed away.
Right: Indreshwar Doley (52) poses with his wife Umolota Doley, son Shun Doley and daughter Praniva Doley by a pool of water that has overtaken his fertile farmland near Kebarango village and the Tongani River in Assam. Doley lost his standing crop, spread across 18 bighas of land, and all his cultivable land has been covered in water and sand left behind by the floods.
Left: All that’s left of a Mishing home that was washed away in Kandulijan village near Silapathar, Assam. Mishing homes are raised to protect them from floods; this one has a concrete structure while the rest of the bamboo and wood house has disappeared.
Right: Remnants of a roof washed away from a house in Bundev village were found and set out to dry at the neighboring village of Kumrol in Darbhanga district, Bihar.
Left: Mahindra Mallik (13) going out to fish in the floodwaters in Bundev village, Darbhanga district, Bihar. Mallik stopped going to school two years ago when the school building was turned into a permanent shelter by families who now reside there because of the constant threat of floods.
Right: Kalinath Letum (62) going out in search of wild vegetables near Silapathar, Assam, to sell in the local market. Letum, a former paddy cultivator, lost all his land a few years ago in the recurring floods and now does odd jobs like daily wage work, selling chickens in the local market and doing laundry for others.
Left: Ganga Sada, the grandmother of 4-year-old Dalbir Sada, shows her grandchild’s clay-crusted hands. Dalbir was collecting clay to rebuild their home in Baur village, Darbhanga, Bihar, which the floods washed away this year.
Right: Priyanka Pait feeds her children plain rice with salt in Tongani Mazgram village, Dhemaji, Assam. With only two calves left out of their entire livestock that included goats, cows and pigs, her family of four cannot even afford to buy vegetables and has been surviving like this since the floods this year.
Left: A school in Kumrol village in Darbhanga, Bihar has had to remain shut since mid August because of its location on low-lying land.
Right: Children at a school in Kandulijan village in Dhemaji district, Assam, studying on the porch because the school’s shaky wooden structure, which was damaged in the floods, makes it unsafe for them to sit inside. There is also no electricity at the school anymore.
Left: A vehicle on a path cut beside the ruined national highway 52B, which connects Assam and Arunachal Pradesh. The highway, to the vehicle’s upper left in the picture, was damaged at multiple locations during the recent floods.
Right: The washed-away Kebarango Bridge that connects Kebarango and many other villages to the nearby town of Silapathar in Assam.
Arkadripta Chakraborty is a freelance photographer who divides his time between Guwahati, Assam and Agartala, Tripura. His work focuses on people living on the margins of Indian society and has been featured in national and international publications and websites. He was awarded the 2013 India Habitat Centre Fellowship for Photography. More at at www.arkadripta.com
Recommend

Power-hungry firms build their own solar plantsAman Shah and Tommy Wilkes     Mumbai/ New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 09:53 IST
A woman stands in front of an illuminated house powered by solar energy at Meerwada village of Guna district of Madhya Pradesh. (Pictue for representation purpose only, source: Reuters)
Fed up with constant electricity cuts and government-enforced "power holidays", Indian IT firm ValueLabs has turned to the sun beaming down on its head office for help.
In July, it finished building a 13 megawatt solar plant - enough to power 6,000 homes - to keep the lights on and computers humming for more than 3,000 employees at its base in Hyderabad.
It is even selling surplus electricity back to the grid.
"We plan to use the entire quantum of power generated from these plants in the coming years for our existing and upcoming campus," said Krishna Reddy, a senior ValueLabs executive.
Factories and businesses have installed over 30 MW of rooftop solar panels in the last year, data compiled by New Delhi-based consultancy Bridge To India shows. That is a small amount compared with India's solar capacity of 2,700 MW, but demand may accelerate under Prime Minister Narendra Modi who has made renewable energy a priority.
Bridge to India forecasts compound annual growth will hit more than 60 per cent in the next five years, as falling panel prices make installations more alluring.
In a sign that even big business is warming up to alternative energy sources, India's second-largest IT exporter Infosys is building a 50 MW solar plant in Karnataka to meet 30 per cent of the company's power needs.
Bridge To India estimates that commercial rooftop and smaller utility plants have the potential to provide up to 83,000 MW of solar energy, more than half of India's potential solar capacity out to 2024.
"With the new government coming in, we see a clear intent to further increase allocation of solar in the energy mix," said Sujoy Ghosh, India head of US-based First Solar.
Along with SunEdison, First Solar is among foreign panel suppliers expecting to profit from rising demand in India.
The new government is hoping to ramp up renewable energy, and wean the country off of a dependence on coal and oil and fulfil Modi's election pledge of bringing power to all.
While India's overall installed capacity has risen 20 per cent in the past three years and peak-hour shortfalls have eased, not enough power reaches end-users due to rickety transmission lines, and when it does, supply is often fickle.
Many southern states, where ValueLabs and Infosys are based, enforce power cuts to keep a check on demand. Across the country, businesses are forced to buy costly back-up generators in case of outages.
States in the arid north and west are building big solar plants at the fastest pace, though smaller commercial projects are cropping up across India, where nearly all states enjoy year-round sunshine, analysts say.
COST HURDLES
But, as for many in growth economies looking for ways to cut back on oil imports, costs are high on the whole and even early adopters say solar is only part of the answer.
ValueLabs spent 1 billion rupees ($16.3 million), which it expects to make back in eight years. It is keeping its back-up generators.
The Kanpur-based Indian Institute of Technology is installing rooftop solar panels. Yet some 70 per cent of its energy will still come from conventional sources.
Despite Modi's plans to target up to 100,000 MW of solar generation by 2022, far more than an existing 20,000 MW target, India remains heavily reliant on conventional thermal energy.
Today, solar power generation accounts for about 1 per cent of installed energy capacity and a fraction of the 26,000 MW China can produce.
For now, individual companies say it is falling panel prices and government subsidies that have made solar more appealing.
Infosys says its own solar-generated power will cost it less than the 6.15 rupees per unit it pays for electricity from the grid, even after factoring in depreciation expenses. It did not say how much lower the costs were.
"The economics of doing this has improved. If you can get solar at a reasonable efficiency level, then it makes sense to have it as a main power source and have the grid as a backup," said Kalpana Jain, a senior director at Deloitte India.
More broadly, securing stable demand is also not easy - a pitfall illustrated in China's huge solar market, where insufficient subsidies and poor infrastructure mean demand has not kept pace with supply.
India's electricity distribution companies, which are ordered by politicians to keep prices low, have little incentive to buy renewable energy - roughly 15 per cent pricier than thermal - because they cannot pass this on to consumers.
But for companies, choosing solar is still better than the alternative.
"We want to ensure we are free from power disruptions in the future," said ValueLabs' Reddy.
(Reuters)

How FII flows onto D-Street could jump 200%Stimulus hopes from Japan & Europe may push FII investment in equities by over 200% in FY16
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 4, 2014, 01.00PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Investors are betting that…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets are well on track to scale new highs and with fresh money expected to arrive from Japan and possibly from Europe, foreign investment in equities may rise from the present $14 billion to 24 billion by FY15 and possibly to $40-50 billion by FY16, which is a rise of 257%, say experts.
Investors are also betting that the European Central Bank (ECB), which is scheduled to meet on 9 November, may announce its stimulus program to revive growth in Euro-zone. Experts feel that some of this excess liquidity will be coming to India compared to other emerging market economies.
"Japan has already done quantitative easing and Europe is also expected to do it," says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD, Angel Broking .
"We believe that India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue owing to India's strongest prospects structurally, especially with Modi as the leader, to attract higher share of global portfolio flows," he adds.
The Bank of Japan on last Thursday decided to accelerate the purchase of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen.
"India stands to be a beneficiary from the potential QE in Europe and Japan. If a QE happens in these regions, the government will reduce the supply of bonds in the capital markets, bond prices are bound to escalate and investors are likely to sell off relevant debt instruments," says Dr. Vikas V Gupta - EVP Traded Markets & Investment Research at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd.
Given excess liquidity now at their disposal, getting back into the already inflated bond market does not make sense. The next sensible allocation from their investible savings should be equities, say experts.
FIIs have already pumped in $14bn into domestic equity capital markets year-to-date and Gupta of ArthVeda Fund Management feels that this number can go up to as high as $24bn for FY15, if they (FIIs) continue to invest at the same rate.
He is of the view that any additional stimulus package may fuel an additional $10bn of foreign inflow each, driven by excess liquidity from Japan and Europe, making the total FII equities inflow next fiscal amount to $40-50bn by FY16.
Foreign investors or FIIs have been the backbone of this massive rally that we have seen on the BSE Sensex. The index has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014.
Strong global cues from the US and a surprise policy move by the Japanese government fuelled over a 1200-point rally on the BSE Sensex so far in the month of October alone, which pushed the benchmark index to yet another lifetime high.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 and is trading marginally short of its next crucial level of 28000.
But why are the Indian markets so enthused about a stimulus package announced in Japan?
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
Within the emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm, explains Gupta.
Earlier this week, global ratings agency Moody's said that it may consider a ratings upgrade on India if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, the economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital into India.
"In a scenario when the US was looking for exits in terms of its own QE and the fact that Japan has now announced its own package, it looks like several other developed countries who are still struggling with their economic growths will continue to do this competitive devaluation of their currency," says Gaurav Mehta , VP-Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital.
"So that is good for Indian equities as it will keep that easy money flowing. We stay constructed on Indian equities and, as I said, we have a target of 30,000 on the Sensex for FY15," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panel to ease filing for corporates formedGovt sets up committee to simplify statutory filing procedures for corporates
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 19:42 IST
Photo for representation purposes only.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry has set up an internal committee to review online forms as well as the overall filing process for companies , as part of efforts to simplify procedures for stakeholders under the new Companies law.
The Ministry is responsible for implementation of Companies Act and all entities registered under this law have to make their filings to the Ministry through MCA21 portal. Companies are required to submit their filings electronically through MCA21.
An internal committee, which has been recently set up, will suggest changes required for simplification and removal of difficulties faced by stakeholders in filing e-Forms, the Ministry has said in its monthly newsletter for October.
Recently, the Ministry has issued many circulars and notifications with regard to the new Companies law - many provisions of which came into effect from April 1, 2014. Among others, four new e-Forms were introduced while two others were modified in September.
The new e-Forms introduced are MGT-10 (changes in shareholding position of promoters and top ten shareholders), DPT-4 (statement regarding deposits existing on the commencement of the Act), DIR-3C (intimation of Director Identification Number by the company to the Registrar DIN services) and ADT-3 (notice of resignation by the auditor). Two e-Forms - DIR-3 (application for allotment of Director Identification Number) and DIR-6 (Intimation of change in particulars of director to be given to the central government) - were modified.
Meanwhile, the MCA21 portal registered more than 15 lakh filings in October. MCA21 portal recorded over 15 lakh filings in the previous month, during which daily filing exceeded 100,000 on four occasions. It is a new record in terms of single month filing till date, the Ministry has said in a communication.

Maruti to invest Rs 4 000 cr in three yrsMaruti to invest Rs 4,000 crore in key areas in 2-3 years
PTI     Hyderabad   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 08:28 IST
Maruti Alto K10
Country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) is investing up to Rs 4,000 crore in the next 2-3 years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said on Tuesday.
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering, CV Raman said.
"Currently Rs 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and marketing infrastructure over period of two to three years (including the current year).
"We will be improving our R&D capability. We are setting up test labs and other facilities. Marketing infrastructure such as setting up stockyards will be created," Raman said on the sidelines of launch of the company's new version of Alto K10 hatchback.
The company is expected to come out with a SUV- XA Alpha- next year, he said.
Replying to a query, Raman said as of now there are no plans to make diesel engines while Suzuki is working on various types of engines in diesel.
On the reports of crash test failure of Swift, Raman said the car meets all standards set by the Indian government.
ALSO READ: Maruti launches new Alto K10 at Rs 3.06 lakh
"All MSIL as well as other vehicles comply with Indian regulations. As far as swift is concerned. The test is not mandatory in India. There is no regulation to pass that test," he said.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
He asserted that the Global NCAP report will not have any impact on Swift sales.
The production of auto gear shift models is being ramped up to meet the market demand, he said.
"Currently, roughly about 4,000 vehicles (are being produced) per month with AGS technology and going forward will ramp up this number. We feel that the two pedal technology is very relevant now. Obviously the auto gear models would increase the volume.
May be in future we look at coming out with more models in AGS," he said.
Raman said the sales of diesel vehicles could go up as the price difference between petrol and diesel is narrowing.
Further, the country's largest car maker also plans to export its next generation small car Alto K10 to Africa, Latin America and the Middle East.
"We intend to export the Alto K10 to Africa, Middle East and Latin America", Amitava Roy, Vice President (Parts), told reporters soon after launching the model in Kerala.
Maruti sold 11 lakh cars in the country last year and was expecting a 10 per cent growth this year, he said.
This is the first time in the country that at the entry level a car has been fitted with automatic gear shift. Pointing out that Kerala was definitely a market for small cars, he said that 3,000 of the total of 9,000 cars sold monthly in the state are Alto.
Sporting a new youthful look, the Alto K10 claims to deliver a fuel efficiency of 24.07 km per litre, a 15 per cent improvement over the previous model.
The petrol variant is priced between Rs 3.22 lakh and Rs 3.73 lakh (ex-showroom Kochi), while the Auto Gear Shift model is priced at Rs 3.97 lakh. The CNG model will cost Rs 3.99 lakh.

HDFC one of most liked stocks for FIIsFIIS
(While part of the purchases…)
MUMBAI: The popularity of Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC) among overseas portfolio investors shows no sign of waning. Their holdings in the country's largest mortgage financer touched a record of almost 78 per cent — the highest ever for a listed Indian firm — in the three-month period ended September 30 as a new set of foreign institutions bought the stock in the quarter.
Brokers said foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in HDFC are betting on a revival in the mortgage market.
"HDFC is the leader in the mortgage finance market and has been a stable performer in the past few years," said Raamdeo Agarwal, joint managing director of Motilal Oswal Financial Services. FII holdings in the company rose to 77.85 per cent in the July-September period from 77.36 per cent on June 30.
Twelve new FIIs bought into HDFC in the quarter, taking the total number of investors in this category to 1,140. While part of the purchases in the stock in the quarter could be because of allocation by Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), many long-term FIIs have also bought it, brokers said.
"The stock is an ideal bet for some large FIIs such as pension funds because of its predictable returns. These funds are happy with 10-15 per cent kind of returns (annually) given the size of their exposure," said Agarwal. "Also, it is available below a PE (price to earnings) of 20 (times)".
So far in 2014, HDFC shares have advanced 40 per cent against the 32 per cent gain in the Sensex and 42 per cent jump in ET's NBFC index.
Analysts at foreign brokerages such as Citi, UBS and CIMB are less optimistic about the stock's prospects. These brokerages have 'neutral' or 'hold' ratings on the stock.
"The decent operating (quarter) should continue to lend support to the stock; but stronger moves are likely to be driven by developments/clarity on a merger. Until then, it should be business as usual," said Citi analysts in a recent note.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Steve Jobs memorial taken down in Russiasteve jobs memorial taken down in russia
http://usat.ly/1GmjLH8Fraud by unregistered brokers on the rise
By: John Waggoner November 4, 2014 4:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Whenever there’s a bull market, there’s usually a bull market in financial chicanery, and last year was no exception, according to state securities administrators.
Charles Ponzi. AP file photo.
Biggest problem: Unlicensed brokers ripping off investors. The North American Securities Administrators Association says that states took 810 enforcement actions against unlicensed individuals or firms in 2013, up 34% from the year before. Actions against licensed agents rose 89% from 2012, to 357.
State securities regulators received 9,693 complaints from investors and conducted 5,302 investigations in 2013. Overall, however, total enforcement actions fell to 2,184 in 2013 from 2,496 a year earlier. “There’s still plenty to keep us busy,” says William Beatty, NASAA President and Washington State Securities Director.
Ponzi schemes were the most reported problems. In a typical Ponzi scheme, investors are promised high returns, and early investors are paid with later investors’ contributions. Eventually, the scheme collapses. “The promise people one thing, but intend from the get-go to separate them from their money,” Beatty says.
The next most popular scam was real estate investments, including promissory notes. These remain popular because the con artists offer high rates to yield-starved savers and retirees. “When your local bank is offering 1% and someone is offering significantly more than that, it’s attractive,” Beatty says.
And the internet makes it easier to connect victims with prey, NASAA reports. “The increased use of the Internet for lawful offerings combined with the lifting of the ban on general solicitation has resulted in additional challenges in differentiating fraudulent and lawful offerings on the Internet,” the organization says in their release.

Maruti bets on new modelMaruti bets on new model
Nexus 6 might come to India on November 18  to start at around Rs 40 000Google Nexus 6 has already been listed on Flipkart
Written by Debashis Sarkar | Taipei | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:40 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 4:56 pm
The next Nexus smartphone made by Motorola ( a Lenovo company now ) might be launched on November 18 in India.
It has been reliably learnt that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be available by the first week of December and there is a strong possibility that the new Nexus smartphone will be launched with a fortnight in the country. It has already been reported that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be launched in the country in the first wave itself.
The Nexus 6 smartphone will be priced around Rs 40,000 for the 32 GB version. The 64 GB variant will be priced around Rs 45,000. The Nexus 6 32GB has been already listed on Flipkart as ‘coming soon’. It seems the smartphone will be sold on Flipkart and Google Play only as of now.
We got to play with the phone at Google’s annual Asia-Pacific press event at Taipei, Taiwan. At first glance, the Nexus 6 looks like a larger version of the new Moto X smartphone. It features a 6-inch quad HD display. Despite the 6-inch screen, the Nexus 6 doesn’t compromise much on one-handed operability. It never gives the user the feel that the device is big to hold.
On the hardware front, the Nexus 6 runs on a 2.7 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 805 processor with the Adreno 420 GPU and 3 GB RAM. Running the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop OS, the smartphone sports a 13 MP rear camera and has a 2 MP front camera. Powered by a 3220 mAh battery, the Nexus 6 comes with Bluetooth 4.1, WiFi, NFC and supports 4K video playback.

Promoter stake key to stocks strengthYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Promoter stake key to stock’s strength
Nov 5, 2014, 07.01AM IST
Tags:
BSE 200
(Such stocks have beaten…)
For investors lacking the patience to read through Benjamin Graham or master the Greeks snoop around for quicker ways to spot stocks, here's one: Track the promoters' interest in a stock. Stocks where promoters and senior management have raised their stakes have typically outperformed the broader market. Such stocks have beaten the BSE200 index by an average 9 per cent since September 2013 while promoters and directors have been purchasing the shares three months prior to that.
On the other hand, counters that have suffered from selling by promoters have underperformed the BSE 200 by 1.1 per cent. "Average outperformance of stocks having insider buying suggests that insider buying has predictive power," said a report by Gaurav Mehta, analyst with brokerage Ambit Capital. It means that company insiders have information advantage over the rest of the market.
But, interestingly, selling by promoters does not necessarily mean that some negative news is imminent. Often, selling happens because a promoter family may need the money to buy other assets.
Ambit's study points out that in the Indian context, a portfolio which constitutes firms where insiders were net buyers in the preceding month outperforms the broader market by a reasonably good margin in the subsequent three months.
Considered from the point of view of a whole year, it could fetch returns anywhere between 14 per cent and 15 per cent. Companies where promoters have raised their stakes in recent months include Sesa Sterlite, JSW Steel , GMR , Hexaware Technologies and Indiabulls Housing Finance .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Queue gets longer: SKS Microfinances now the toast of smart investorsSKS Microfinance’s now the toast of smart investors
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 10.36AM IST
Tags:
Care
(The reasons, according…)
MUMBAI: Why are some of the smartest investors on Dalal Street like Prof Shivanand Mankekar and Amal Parekh along with a few FIIs, buying shares of Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance, a stock that many, till a year ago, considered untouchable? There may not be any big surprise or an M&A story that is brewing in SKS.
The reasons, according to analysts, could be more mundane but long lasting: good financial performance over the past few quarters, strong loan portfolio, efficient fund-raising, declining funding cost, thanks to rating upgrade, consolidation, absence of turmoil within the senior management and a greater clarity on microfinance regulations.
"There is diversification of funding and lower cost... over the next three years, we expect sustainable competitive advantage and lower political risk," said Santosh Singh, head of research, Espirito Santo.
Veteran investor Prof Sivanand Mankekar has bought 13 lakh shares or just over a per cent stake in the company during the quarter ended September 2014. Another leading investor Amal Parekh bought 6.80 lakh shares of the company through his firm OHM Enterprises on Monday. Goldman Sachs Investment (Mauritius) and Macquarie Emerging Markets also acquired 9.3 lakh and 6.4 lakh shares, respectively, through bulk deals on NSE on Monday.
After posting successive losses of Rs 297 crore in FY12-13 and Rs 1,361 crore FY11-12, SKS reported a profit of Rs 70 crore for the year ended March 31, 2014. In May, SKS had raised Rs 400 crore through a sale of shares to institutional investors at a floor price of Rs 235.
In June, credit rating agency CARE had upgraded the company's bank borrowings to A1+ from A1 for short-term facilities and to A+ from A for longterm facilities for a sum of Rs 2,000 crore.
The stock had taken a major beating since its listing on August 16, 2010 at a price of over Rs 1,036 a share. In Andhra Pradesh (where a bulk of its borrowers were located), SKS had to grapple with policy clampdown following a spate of suicides by small borrowers amid allegations of strong-arm recovery tactics adopted by microfinance institutions.
The stock had declined 95 per cent from its listing price to its lowest level of Rs 54.40 on May 31, 2012.
"In response to the AP crisis, RBI developed a regulatory framework for MFIs which, though it capped spreads, has reduced inherent business risks and, thus, improved perception of the industry amongst lenders and other stakeholders," said Rajiv Mehta, banking & finance analyst, IIFL.
"Having emerged resiliently from the AP crisis and now armed with a diversified regional presence, sizeable scale and robust capitalisation, SKS is favourably placed than peers to deliver robust asset growth in coming years."
SKS Microfinance stock has risen about 8 per cent during the July-September quarter against a gain of 4.8 per cent in Sensex and is currently trading at Rs 351.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banks to restructure Rs 1 lakh crore loans by this fiscal endBanks to restructure Rs 1 lakh crore loans by this fiscal end
Britain to launch consultation to force telcos to improve mobile coverageBritain to launch consultation to force telcos to improve mobile coverage
Max Life posts 15% biz growthMax Life posts 15% biz growth
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may retest 8 300 levelsEuropean Central Bank
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Wednesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 8,300 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 3 points higher at 8,393 indicating a flat opening on the domestic market.
Nifty opened gap-up but remained extremely range bound throughout the session to finally conclude the day with a gain of 2 points at 8324 on Monday. The Sensex was marginally down by 5 points at 27,860.
The Bombay Stock Exchange, the National Stock Exchange (NSE), forex and money markets, oilseeds remained closed today on account of "Muharram". Present upside momentum still appears strong and may remain so till the time Nifty trades above the level of 8170, say experts. On the higher side it may test 8,355 and if the momentum continues then 8,460 is also a possibility, they say.
"The level of 8,460 is the resistance offered by the upper band of an advancing Channel it has been trading in since May 2014 till date," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Immediate support level for Nifty is placed at 8,255 and below that 8,170 is the major support for next three to five sessions. Only a move below 8,170 would signal weakness," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower as another big drop in oil prices dragged down energy shares and Priceline's earnings forecast disappointed.
"Adding to worries about global demand, the European Commission said the euro zone will need another year to reach even modest economic growth," Reuters reported.
A Reuters report said central bankers in the euro zone plan to challenge European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's leadership style.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.30 per cent lower at 16,810 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.63 per cent lower at 23,693.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.04 per cent lower at 1,934 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.48 per cent lower at 2,419.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dawson Geophysical to Issue Fourth Quarter 2014 Results and Hold Investor Conference CallDawson Geophysical to Issue Fourth Quarter 2014 Results and Hold Investor Conference Call
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares wilt  dollar off highsGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares wilt  dollar off highs
Asia takes some wind out of CMEs sailsLast updated: November 5, 2014 2:54 am
Asia futures focus takes wind from Chicago’s sails
Neil Munshi and Jeremy Grant
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67f7f2a4-63e7-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wagah bomb blast: Bombers vow revenge against Prime Minister NarendraModiPrint
Narendra Modi will land in Australia on November 15.
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:46 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 4:10 pm
The terrorist group that carried out Sunday’s murderous suicide bombing at Wagah has followed it up with a threat to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“You are the killer of hundreds of Muslims,” Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA) spokesperson ‘Ehsanullah Ehsan’ said in a message released on his Twitter feed on Monday, hours after claiming responsibility for the Wagah strike , “We w(il)l take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gujarat” (sic).
Modi has been briefed at least twice in the last fortnight on the growing threat from complex webs of transnational jihadist groups operating from Pakistan’s war-torn north-west and their new Indian affiliates, who give them the assets needed to execute their threats.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks during the launch of Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) membership drive at party headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI photo)
One arm of the Indian Mujahideen, led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri and his lieutenant Muhammad Ahmad Zarar Siddibapa, has merged into al-Qaeda, intelligence officials say. The rival Indian Mujahideen group, known as the Ansar-ul-Tauheed, is training at camps run by the TTP-JA.
Each of the groups who have acquired Indian partners have rejected talks with the Pakistani government, instead committing to the destruction of the Pakistani state.
Led by Maulana Qasim, the TTP-JA was founded in September by commanders who rejected the Tehreek-e-Taliban’s decision to talk to the Pakistani government. Inspired by the Islamic State, its leadership also has close personal ties with al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri. Its key commander, journalist-turned-jihadist Omar Khalid Khorasani, seeks to overthrow the Pakistani government, impose shari’a, seize the country’s nuclear weapons, and wage jihad until “the Caliphate is established across the world”. In February, Omar Khalid executed 23 Pakistani soldiers by beheading, a message both to pro-dialogue commanders and the army.
Al-Zawahiri, in turn, has created a new subcontinental wing of al-Qaeda, that has threatened strikes against India. Indian Mujahideen cadre have been training with the new Al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS) for over a year, and Indian intelligence services have told the Prime Minister attempted strikes could be just months, or even weeks, away.
Leaders of the Indian Mujahideen and the central leadership of al-Qaeda, communications decrypted by the National Investigation Agency suggest, began negotiations on a merger in mid-2013. The effort was led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri, who wanted a new patron to break free of restraints placed on the group’s operations by his erstwhile mentor, Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate.

Sen. Mary Landrieu (D) and Bill Cassidy (R) Will Have a Runoff in Louisiana Senate RaceEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Biggies missing in WEF s India eco summit  PM Modi gives it a skipBiggies missing in WEF s India eco summit  PM Modi gives it a skip
Mukesh Bansal gets added role in Flipkart rejigMukesh Bansal gets added role in Flipkart rejig
Republican edge closer to Senate controlRecriminations fly over Democrat defeat
Richard McGregor and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4acbf180-6482-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pacific typhoon delays Bay lowPacific typhoon delays Bay ‘low’
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image take on November 2, 2014.
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 2:  
The India Met Department has said that an anticipated low-pressure area would materialise over south-east Bay of Bengal by Tuesday.
This is at least three days behind schedule and farther than where the ‘low’ was originally thought to develop, thanks mainly to the disruptive presence of an evolving super typhoon in west Pacific. The newly-formed typhoon, Nuri, off the Philippines, is forecast to become a dangerous category-5 typhoon with peak winds speeding to 250 km/hr and gusting to 305 km/hr over next five days. Category-5 represents class-topping attributes on the Saffir-Simpson scale for storm intensity. Fortunately, Nuri is seen raging for the most part of its life in the vast Pacific waters only.It would track a north-northeast track away from the Philippines sparing Japan a direct hit before fading out by Thursday, global models indicated. Nuri’s destructive power will play out upstream in the North-East monsoon corridor, affecting the best-laid plans that downstream Bay may have been readying.
Change in location
It is now expected that the Bay will hum into activity after typhoon Nuri fades out over the expansive watery terrain of the Pacific.
But Nuri would have forced a change in the location of the ‘low’ in the Bay, now expected to be much farther from the Tamil Nadu coast than earlier thought.
Models are now veering down to the coordinates closer to the Sumatra Island, to the south-southwest of the Andaman Sea for the anticipated ‘low.’
This is more or less what India Met is suggesting now. Its inferred projections favour a scenario where the ‘low’ grows to become a tropical cyclone and hitting India’s east coast by the weekend.
The area of landfall suggested varies from the north Tamil Nadu to Andhra Pradesh coasts, as an odd forecaster suspects, even the Odisha coasts. The wide disparity has been brought about the change in the location of origin of the ‘low’ forced by the would-be super typhoon. A few models suggest that a break-away circulation from the building cyclone would wriggle its way towards the Myanmar coast.Meanwhile, parts of Tamil Nadu has been receiving moderate to isolated heavy rain thanks to the presence of a trough along the coast topped up by a cyclonic churn in the upper levels.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Govt calls for intl action to tighten nuclear securityGovt calls for international cooperation to strengthen nuclear security
Yoshita Singh        Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 11:12 IST
Fishing boats are seen moored in a harbour at Sakhari Nate village near the proposed site of the Jaitapur nuclear plant in Ratnagiri district, about 360 km (224 miles) south of Mumbai. (Picture for representation purpose only. Source: Reuters)
Recognising the threat of nuclear terrorism, India has called for effective international cooperation and responsible action by governments to strengthen nuclear security and prevent non-state actors from acquiring vulnerable atomic material.
There is widespread recognition that the threat of nuclear terrorism is one of the pressing challenges facing the international community.
Responsible national action and effective international cooperation are therefore required for strengthening nuclear security to prevent vulnerable nuclear material falling into hands of non-state actors, First Secretary in the Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations Abhishek Singh said. Singh, in a statement on the annual report of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) at the UN General Assembly on Monday, said India has consistently supported IAEA's important role in facilitating national efforts to strengthen nuclear security and in fostering effective international cooperation.
He said as part of implementation of the arrangement with the IAEA concerning India's voluntary contribution to the Nuclear Security Fund, the services of Indian cost-free expert in information security are being provided to the Division of Nuclear Security of the IAEA. Singh noted that the universal adherence to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Materials (CPPNM) and early entry into force of its 2005 Amendment would go a long way in strengthening global efforts in the area of nuclear security.
The amended Convention would make it legally binding for states parties to protect nuclear facilities and material in peaceful domestic use, storage as well as transport. Singh said India is party to the CPPNM and is amongst the countries which have ratified the 2005 amendment to the Convention.
Singh emphasised that India's commitment to harnessing the benefits of nuclear energy for electricity production while according the highest priority to nuclear safety and security.
India will need to rapidly raise the energy production to meet its growing energy requirements to achieve its developmental goals. Nuclear energy is an essential component of our energy basket, he said.  
Underscoring India's commitment to implementing the highest standards for safety of its nuclear power plants and associated fuel cycle facilities, Singh said India will continue to participate and assist the IAEA Secretariat in its endeavour to enhance nuclear safety through the cluster of measures it has formulated in the IAEA Action Plan on Nuclear Safety.
Singh said the agency has an important role in allaying misapprehensions in the public and member states about the safety of nuclear power plants taking into account the current advances in relevant design and technology areas.
As part of India's commitment to implement the highest standards for the safety of Indian nuclear power plants, several steps have been taken to organise peer reviews at national and international level, Singh said adding that a follow up mission of the IAEA Operational Safety Review Team (OSART) to India for Rajasthan Atomic Power Station (RAPS) units took place in February this year.
Singh stressed the crucial role nuclear energy plays in achieving the objectives of India's sustainable economic growth. He said the country is at the same time extensively engaged in development of nuclear technologies in diverse fields extending beyond nuclear power, including isotope applications for improved crop varieties, crop protection and post-harvest technologies, radio-isotope applications for diagnostic and therapeutic uses in health care and technologies for safe drinking water.
Singh noted the importance attached by India to IAEA's work in the fields of nuclear science. We contribute to these activities through participation in the Technical Meetings and coordinated Research Projects and also support the IAEA'sprogramme in nuclear fusion, he said.
Singh said the agency's programme and achievements in relation to nuclear applications in food and agriculture, human health and nutrition, water resources management, protection of the environment and industry make a valuable contribution to meeting the needs of the developing countries.
India is highly appreciative of the IAEA's efforts in cancer management, and in particular the Programme on Action for Cancer Therapy (PACT). India would continue to support agency activities in these areas, including by offering service of experts and training fellows in reputable institutions in the country, he said.
Singh told the UN General Assembly that the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant , which achieved its first criticality in July last year, is now operating at close to its full rated power of 1000 MWe.   
The second unit is in an advanced stage of commissioning and construction of the 500 MWe Prototype Fast Breeder Reactor (PFBR) is nearing completion at Kalpakkam and is expected to achieve first criticality in the next six months, Singh said.
India also continues to attach high priority for research and development on all aspects of Thorium-related reactor technologies and allied fuel cycle, he said.
The Indian diplomat said the process of selection of a site for construction of advanced heavy-water reactor is in an advanced stage. The performance of several Indian fuel cycle facilities reached their highest levels last year, with the pressurised heavy-water reactor fuel production achieving an increase of 18 per cent over the previous year.
With its excellent physical and nuclear properties Thorium is widely and rightly viewed as fuel of the future. India continues to carry forward intense development of Thorium fuel cycle based technologies for demonstration in its advanced heavy-water reactor programme, he said.
Singh noted that the commissioning of Actinide Separation Demonstration Facility of BARC at Tarapur has taken India to be one of the two advanced nuclear countries which could demonstrate separation of minor actinides from the High Level Waste (HLW).
This approach would help in reducing substantially the life of radioactive waste, from around 1,000 years to about 300 years, as well as the volume of HLW requiring long-term storage, he said.
(PTI) 

Australia gets ready for Modi visit: To run special train  release Gujarati filmNarendra Modi will land in Australia on November 15.
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:35 am
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi set to travel to Australia on November 15 for the G-20 summit and a bilateral visit, ‘Modi mania’ has gripped Down Under.
Among the things being planned is a special train, the ‘Modi Express’, which will run from Melbourne to Sydney, a grand reception by the Indian community in Sydney’s Allphones Arena, a state banquet at Melbourne Cricket Ground and a joint parliamentary session in Canberra. A Gujarati film is also being released to coincide with the visit.
In a first for an Indian PM, Modi will visit four cities in four days. The last Indian PM to visit Australia was Rajiv Gandhi in 1986.
For the visit, Modi is said to have incorporated suggestions from the Indian community, which sent him messages and suggestions through the website, http://www.mygov.in .
Modi, who will reach Brisbane for the G-20 summit directly from Myanmar’s capital Nay Pyi Taw, is expected to meet a host of world leaders on the sidelines in Australia, including British PM David Cameron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
After attending the G-20 summit on November 15 and 16, Modi will go to Sydney on November 17, where he will address the Indian community at the state-of-the-art indoor stadium, the Allphones Arena, which has hosted concerts of musicians Pitbull, Ricky Martin, Rihanna and Mariah Carey in the past. Pop star Katy Perry will perform at the venue a few days after Modi’s visit.
The Indian community is planning to organise an exhibition on people’s migration from India to Australia about 5,000 years ago. A special train called the ‘Modi Express’ will take hundreds of Indians 870-km from Melbourne to Sydney for the event. The train will leave Melbourne’s Southern Cross Station at 8.30 pm on November 16. “This is a tribute to Modi ji’s travels on trains as a BJP and RSS functionary,” a BJP functionary said.
Modi will travel to Canberra on November 17 night. On November 18, he will have a bilateral meeting with Australian PM Tony Abbott, during which they are expected to take forward the discussions they had in September when Abbott visited India.
Modi will address a joint session of the Australian parliament the same day.
Later, on November 18 evening, Abbott will host Modi for a state banquet at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Abbott is likely to give Modi a tour of the MCG, considered the Mecca of Australian cricket. The Australian government is planning to invite about 1,000 eminent people and Modi is expected to address them at the stadium.
The Indian community also plans to release a recent Gujarati film, Bey Yaar (Two friends), in Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney during Modi’s visit.

Meeting with PSB chiefs put off as financial services secy transferredMeeting with PSB chiefs put off as financial services secy transferred
Shishir Sinha/K R Srivats
Gurdial Singh Sandhu
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
With Financial Services Secretary Gurdial Singh Sandhu transferred, the Finance Ministry has postponed an important meeting with public sector banks scheduled to take place on November 5.
The meeting was supposed to discuss the progress in Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana scheme and ways ahead. The scheme aims to cover every household within financial inclusion. It aims to open 7.5 crore bank accounts by January 26. As on date, over 6 crore accounts have already been opened.
Besides the Financial Services Secretary meeting the PSB chiefs, preparations were also on for a meeting between the Prime Minister and the bankers.
But the recent turn of events could mean that the Centre's meeting with bankers' may not happen till the set of interviews for CMD posts get completed in mid-November, say banking industry observers.
As many as 16 candidates are in the fray for filling the CMD posts lying vacant in as many as eight public sector banks.
Sandhu to be transferred
In a late evening development on Monday, the Government had announced to transfer Sandhu.
He will be replaced by 1981 batch Indian Administrative Service Officer of Gujarat cadre Hasmukh Adhia. Sandhu will now serve as Chairman of the National Authority for Chemical Weapons Convention. Adhia is currently Additional Chief Secretary in the Finance Department of Gujarat.
Bureaucratic reshuffle
The latest bureaucratic reshuffle has taken place days after former Finance and Economic Affairs Secretary Arvind Mayaram was shunted.
In fact, Mayaram received two transfer orders within a fortnight. First on October 15, he was appointed as new Tourism Secretary and two days before he was supposed to be relieved from the Finance Ministry, he was given second transfer order for posting in the Minorities Affairs Ministry on October 29.
In fact, on the very same day, the Government handed over the charge of Finance Secretary with immediate effect to Expenditure Secretary, leaving no chance for Mayaram to leave the Finance Ministry immediately.
Both Sandhu and Mayaram were appointed by the previous UP Government. Apart from these two, another UPA appointee Rajiv Takru was transferred from Revenue Department first to the Ministry for Development of North Eastern Region (DONER) and then to the National Commission for Minorities by the Modi Government.
Now with these, only one UPA appointee, Ratan Watal, Expenditure Secretary has been left among five Secretaries in the Finance Ministry.
New team of secretaties
With preparations for General Budget 2015-16 kicking off, the Finance Ministry is now having a new team of Secretaries and Chief Economic Advisor.
The team will have Rajiv Mehrishi as Economic Affairs Secretary (also likely to be nominated as the Finance Secretary because of his seniority), Ratan Watal as Expenditure Secretary, Shaktikanta Das as Revenue Secretary, Aradhana Johri as Disinvestment Secretary, Hasmukh Adhia as Financial Services Secretary, besides Arvind Subramanian as the Chief Economic Advisor.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

No immediate plans to reduce base rate: VR Iyer  Chairman & MD BOIMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Bank of India posted a 26% y-o-y rise in net profit for the quarter ended September and aims to bring its gross NPA ratio to 3% during the year. BoI chairman and managing director VR Iyer spoke to the media after declaring the results. Excerpts:
The NPA situation has worsened during the quarter. Which sectors contributed to this?
Slippages in this quarter were mainly from the infra, steel and pharma sectors and some of the EPC contractors. We don’t have any stress on the international side. We had restructured loans that slipped into the NPA category; this was about Rs 1,100-1,200 crore. These include both small and big accounts. Asset quality is not a bank-specific issue; it reflects the state of the economy and we do expect slippages to slightly increase.
After two quarters, we will see signs of asset quality improving.
What about restructured accounts?
For the current quarter, we restructured about Rs 1,340 crore and, next quarter, it will be about the same, coming largely from EPC contractors. That is one segment where we are visibly seeing stress and the government has to take steps to release payment to vendors.
Net interest income grew significantly and boosted margins. What factors contributed to this?
For the last three months, we have emphasised on recoveries and upgradtion of accounts. We have absolute focus on that, at zonal and branch levels. Our recovery and upgradation during the first six months has been more than what we did during the whole of last year. So, that is why you see the impact on the income side.
BoI cut deposit rates across some buckets recently. What is your view on lending rates?
We had reduced deposit rates and we cut our lending rates six-to-seven months back. We reduced it from 10.75% to 10.20%. We have no immediate plans to reduce the base rate. We will look at it as the competition grows and, then, take a call. But deposit rates are on a downward trend. Different banks have cut rates in different buckets. Liquidity is not an issue right now; so, deposit rates will come off.
TAGS: Bank Of India Bank Of India Base Rate Bank Of India Net
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Siemens Paves Way to Hive Off its Healthcare UnitYou are here: Home Corporates
Siemens Paves Way to Hive Off Healthcare
Reuters | Updated On: November 04, 2014 17:54 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Frankfurt: German engineering group Siemens will take a first major step on Wednesday to separate its 14 billion-euro ($18 billion) healthcare unit from the company, two sources with knowledge of the matter said on Tuesday.
Siemens' supervisory board will decide on the creation of new healthcare country units, including in Germany, capable of holding licences for products such as imaging equipment independently of Siemens AG, said one of the sources.
Siemens fears large investments will be needed in the high-margin business as new diagnostic methods and new rivals such as Samsung heighten competition with traditional rivals like General Electric and Philips.
The Munich-based company declined to comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Alibaba reports 15 per cent increase in net incomeAlibaba reports 15 per cent increase in net income to USD 1.11 billion
Paul Carsten     Beijing   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 19:35 IST
Alibaba's revenue registered its fastest growth in three quarters, at 53.7 per cent, to US $2.74 billion. (Photo: Reuters)
Alibaba Group Holding reported a 15.5 per cent increase in net income to $1.11 billion for the July-September quarter, meeting forecasts.
It was the China-based e-commerce major 's first report to investors since its record-breaking US $25 billion Wall Street listing in September.
The non-GAAP net income - which excludes the share-based compensation expenses and amortisation of intangible assets - compared with a consensus estimate of US $1.17 billion based on a Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate poll of 21 analysts.
Alibaba's revenue registered its fastest growth in three quarters, at 53.7 per cent, to US $2.74 billion, versus expected sales of US $2.7 billion. Diluted earnings per share stood at US $0.20, while non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.45, up 9.4 per cent on year-on-year basis.
"We delivered a strong quarter with significant growth across our key operating metrics," Chief Executive Officer of Alibaba Jonathan Lu said in the e-commerce major's earnings statement.
Mobile revenue was more than ten times higher than in the same period last year and accounted for 30 per cent of total sales, as Alibaba continued to successfully ramp up its mobile monetisation.
Meanwhile, profit margins shrank to a two-year low of 18 per cent.
(Reuters)

No CM nominee  PM Narendra Modi to be face of BJPs DelhicampaignPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is going to be face of BJP's Delhi elections campaign. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:44 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:29 am
On a day when the Union Cabinet paved the way for fresh polls in the national capital after eight months of political uncertainty, the Delhi BJP announced on Tuesday that it would contest the polls without a chief ministerial candidate. Buoyed by its recent poll victories in Maharashtra and Haryana, the BJP plans to continue to seek votes in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s name.
“The party has decided to contest assembly elections under collective leadership. We believe in collective leadership, but it doesn’t mean that the party lacks good leaders. We will not declare any chief ministerial candidate,” said Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, after a party meeting to discuss poll strategy .
“We will have our party symbol, the lotus, as the face. We will contest collectively under the leadership of Narendra Modi. He is the guiding spirit of the party and we are confident of a landslide victory… Winnability is the only factor we are looking at,” said Upadhyay.
The BJP seems unwilling to take any chances by nominating a “weak leader” against AAP leader and former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. Instead, it is banking on the Modi factor, which ensured a massive win for the party in the Lok Sabha polls and the recent assembly elections.
“For projecting a chief ministerial candidate, a strong personality is required. We have seen what the Modi magic did in Haryana and Maharashtra. Our survey done earlier also suggested that people are still identifying the BJP with Modi and nobody else,” said a senior party leader.
Earlier in the day, the Union Cabinet, at a special meeting, decided to ratify Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung’s recommendation to dissolve the Delhi assembly.
After his meeting with BJP, AAP and Congress leaders on Monday, at which all the parties expressed their inability to form the government, Jung is learnt to have sent his report to President Pranab Mukherjee recommending dissolution of the assembly. The President, in turn, is learnt to have forwarded Jung’s recommendations to the Centre.
With the Cabinet clearing the dissolution of the assembly, the Election Commission is expected to announce dates for holding polls in Delhi. It will also cancel the recently announced bypolls to three assembly seats in Delhi.
Meanwhile, both the AAP and Congress were quick to target the BJP’s strategy. Senior AAP leader Ashutosh said the BJP was reluctant to name a CM candidate as it feared Kejriwal’s popularity.
“In the Delhi elections, time after time, they have always named their face for the elections. They are afraid of projecting a leader for fear of losing face. Why are they suddenly using the term collective leadership? Where was continued…

Exim Bank eyes opening special window to fund infra projects in SAARC regionExim Bank eyes opening special window to fund infra projects in SAARC region
Amiti Sen
SAARC summit in Kathmandu to discuss mechanics of proposed development bank
New Delhi, November 4:  
Taking forward the proposal for a SAARC Development Bank, India is examining the feasibility of creating a special window within the Exim Bank of India dedicated to funding infrastructure development in South Asia.
“The Finance Ministry has asked the Exim Bank to have a study done on whether a separate special window can be created (in the bank ) dedicated to South Asia to do multilateral funding,” a Government official told BusinessLine. It is one of the options being looked at, he added.
Consensus
In the July ministerial meeting of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC), there was a consensus on the need for of a SAARC Development Bank to meet low-cost infrastructure funding needs of the region.
Low-cost funds
“Everybody agreed that one of the ways for meeting the need for low-cost funds would be development of a SAARC Development Bank. But nobody discussed the actual mechanics,” the official said. SAARC countries include Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Nepal.
Creating a special window, within an existing institution, would be faster and less arduous than putting in place an entire new set-up, the official added. However, a final decision on the matter will be taken at the political level.
The consent of all SAARC members is also necessary as tricky issues like voting rights have to be settled. “The proposed development bank will be discussed in greater details at the SAARC Summit in Kathmandu later this month,” the official said.
Major contributor
While India, being the largest economy in South Asia, will have to be a major contributor of funds to the bank, it can also borrow in international markets.
“We have to learn from the failure of the SAARC Development Fund which did not take off because the amount involved was too small. However, things will be different with a Development Bank as it can also borrow and leverage its equity,” the official said.
The possibility of consortium kind of lending could also be examined where other Indian banks could examine a project and then pool in.
Boost for trade
A development bank for SAARC countries could go a long way in boosting intra-regional trade ( at present at about 5 per cent of total trade carried out by the countries), points out Ram Upendra Das, Professor, Research and Information System for Developing Countries.
“Any developmental project would necessitate movement of goods within the region. It can generate a spate of export and import of goods as well as services.
“Moreover, synergies will be created between development projects and trade finance, which will further boost commerce,” Das said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

http://usat.ly/1s0SkbkFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Chevrolet Corvette goes from sinkhole to Las Vegas
LAS VEGAS – Not many cars become famous for getting stuck in a hole. But an old Chevrolet Corvette was a star attraction at the SEMA aftermarket auto parts show because it had become a recent piece of
Post to Facebook
Chevrolet Corvette goes from sinkhole to Las Vegas LAS VEGAS – Not many cars become famous for getting stuck in a hole. But an old Chevrolet Corvette was a star attraction at the SEMA aftermarket auto parts show because it had become a recent piece of Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnZ1Vt
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chevrolet Corvette goes from sinkhole to Las Vegas
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 4:36 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Chevrolet today unveiled the restored 2009 Corvette ZR1 that was damaged earlier this year when a sinkhole developed beneath the National Corvette Museum. The restored car was shown for the SEMA trade show in Las Vegas 
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
NASCAR champion Jimmie Johnson collaborated with Chevrolet to personalize a vintage 1971 Corvette at the SEMA aftermarket auto parts show in Las Vegas 
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
NASCAR champion Jimmie Johnson poses next to a 1971 Chevrolet Corvette that he helped customize with a new engine for the SEMA show in Las Vegas 
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
Motocross star Ricky Carmichael poses with his all-new Chevrolet Colorado for his motorcycle, mountain bike and the gear that goes with them. 
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
Paul Stanley of the rock band "Kiss" worked with Chevrolet to customize this Corvette Stingray as part of the SEMA trade show in Las Vegas 
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
Chevrolet introduced the 2015 COPO Camaro for the  SEMA trade show in Las Vegas. It's a limited edition meant purely for racing. 
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
Mark Reuss, General Motors' global product chief, talks about the new LT-1 engine to the media during his presentation as Chevy debuted their 2015 SEMA lineup at the annual gala in Las Vegas , 
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
The new 2015 Corvette Z06 Convertible as Chevy  showed their 2015 SEMA lineup at the annual gala at a Las Vegas hotel before the SEMA trade show 
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Two mortar shells hit North Sinai governorateheadquartersBy: Press Trust of India | Cairo | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:38 am
A huge explosion went off next to the North Sinai Governorate headquarters in Al Arish city when unknown militants fired two mortar shells targeting a security point near the building.
The two mortar shells landed in the vicinity of the governorate headquarters. No injuries were reported, according to the state news agency MENA yesterday.
The police and army personnel are searching the area for other explosives.
North Sinai has been the scene of many violent attacks by Islamist militants since the January 2011 revolution. The attacks targeting police and military increased after the ouster of Islamist ex-president Mohamed Morsi last year.  Over 500 policemen and soldiers, have been reportedly killed in the attacks.
Last week, Egypt declared a three-month of state of emergency in parts of North Sinai and a curfew following a deadly attack that killed 31 soldiers.
The explosion cause by the two mortar shells came days after residents of Rafah on the border between Egypt and the Gaza Strip have begun evacuating their homes after an official decision to form a buffer zone.

Garbage segregation: Govt mulling new standardsNarendra Modi government considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Swachh Bharat mission
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 02.19PM IST
Tags:
BIS
(There is also a proposal…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cleanliness drive under the Swachh Bharat mission.
"There are no norms for garbage disposal ... Such standards are required as they would ensure that effective systems are put in place for segregation and disposal of garbage," said a senior government official, privy to the deliberation on the matter.
The issue had figured in discussions at the first meeting of the high-level inter-ministerial group of consumer advocacy chaired by the consumer affairs secretary.
The Department of Consumer Affairs has already directed the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) to formulate quality assurance and process standards for potable water supplied through pipelines by municipal and government agencies, street food and garbage disposal, the official told ET.
There is also a proposal to set up a dedicated group at the BIS to ensure that these standards are not just formulated, but also implemented effectively.
India had put in place a solidwaste management policy in 2000 at the behest of the Supreme Court, but it was restricted to class-I cities. Municipal bodies have to carry out waste disposal as per these guidelines. Garbage disposal, however, remains an issue in many cities.
"A mandatory standard prescribing segregation and disposal of garbage is necessary if the country has to move towards the cleanliness as is envisaged under the (Swachh Bharat) mission," the official said. Rules are required for transport of drinking water and street food as well, he said.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India is already working on improving quality of street food on the lines of the successful Gujarat model. Countrywide standards are expected to provide a benchmark.
The group proposed to be set up under the BIS would work in close coordination with the food safety body, health ministry and the departments of rural development and Panchayati Raj. "The idea is to draw up a time-bound rollout plan for the formulation and enforcement of these standards," the official said.
Modi had unveiled the clean India drive on October 2.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infy scouting for startups to partner its ar...You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys scouting for startups to partner its arm EdgeVerve
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Edgeverve
(Earlier this year, Infosys…)
BENGALURU: India's second largest software exporter Infosys is looking to partner with startups that can help scale up its hived-off products, platforms and solutions unit, EdgeVerve, as it believes the traditional services business will gradually shift to a more platform-led model.
To begin with, the Bengaluru-based IT company may look at either taking a startup's disruptive technology platform to its clients or help the startups scale up in terms of engineering, a senior executive said.
"For a services company in the past it did not make sense but when we are focused on Edge-Verve, we are actively looking from an acquisition perspective if there are interesting candidates which we can acquire and make part of our Edge product," Infosys' chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao told ET in an interview.
Earlier this year, Infosys made EdgeVerve its 39th wholly-owned subsidiary for about $80 million (Rs 480 crore) as it renewed its focus on products and platforms, which it estimates could generate at least a third of its total revenue in the coming years instead of 5-6per cent at present.
"Today we are seeing increasing adoption of cloud, increasing adoption of platforms, bundling of infra-app and other things. So, the market has shifted, the adoption has almost become mainstream and it could be a big thing in maybe three to five years," said Rao.
He added, "It is with this recognition that we are saying that the services business will shift over a period of time and it will be more about ecosystem, more about partners." Since not every idea will come from within Infosys, he said, partnership with startups can help Infosys fulfil its aspiration to become the services company for the next generation.
Infosys can help startups scale up or bundle interesting technologies with its offerings, he said, adding, "In the rarest of rare cases we will be looking at some equity participation also."
Under CEO Vishal Sikka , Infosys is also focusing on partnership model, with the company forging alliances with companies and universities.
The company has partnered with Sikka's alma mater, Stanford, to jointly make course curriculum in data science and analytics and help Infosys and the university work on real-world problem areas. The company has further extended its partnership with companies including Microsoft , Huawei and Hitachi and strengthened its engagement with Oracle.
Rao said that the rationale for deepening its partnership with Oracle is simply that Oracle is very strong in retail and finance while SAP remains dominant in manufacturing. "After Vishal has come back we are looking at some specific outcomes from the partnership.
Today we are also looking at co-creation and co-investing." Some analysts believe Infosys' focus on partnership will help the company scale up next-generation portfolio offerings while doing away with costs related with research and development and in turn protect margins.
"The relationship with Oracle will help Infosys enhance the value of its System Integration (SI) offerings in the digital marketing space," said Bozhidar Hristov, analyst at US-based research firm TBRI. "Infosys will leverage its SI capabilities and network of Oracle-enabled data centres to support the deployment of the application. Further, Infosys' partnership with Huawei will enable it to jointly deliver big-data-cloud-delivered solutions targeting enterprise clients in the telecommunication vertical," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi elections: BJP go in without CM candidate  bank on  Brand ModiComments
The BJP will fight the Delhi assembly elections without a chief ministerial face, banking instead on ‘Brand Modi’ for a repeat of the party’s winning performance in Maharashtra and Haryana.
However, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), seen as its main rival, said it would be a contest between its chief Arvind Kejriwal and Jagdish Mukhi, a Delhi BJP veteran earlier seen as a frontrunner for the CM’s chair.
The party positions became clearer Tuesday coinciding with the Union cabinet approving dissolution of the assembly and setting the ball rolling for the elections, likely to be held in February next year.
 
Lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung had recommended dissolving the House to the Centre after the BJP, Congress and AAP on Monday expressed inability to form government and sought a fresh mandate. It ended months of uncertainty that began with the Kejriwal government quitting on February 14 after just 49 days in power and President’s rule being imposed three days later.
The election commission recently announced bypolls to three assembly seats — necessitated by the BJP members being elected to the Lok Sabha in the summer — but this will now be cancelled. The panel will, instead, start preparations for the assembly polls.
 
The BJP — with 29 MLAs (including one from SAD) in the 67-member House —initially explored the possibility of forming a government with the support of ‘rebel’ MLAs from the Congress and AAP, sources said. It apparently backed off after none of its claimants for the CM’s post could get the support of six additional legislators — the number needed to reach the magic halfway mark.
 
Then came the victories in Maharashtra and Haryana, reinforcing the idea of a ‘Modi wave’ and infusing fresh confidence in the Delhi BJP. The party expects to do well in the next round of polls in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too, and feels the momentum will carry on to the Capital.
HT had reported Monday that the BJP would stick to its tried-and-tested formula of going faceless and relying on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“Our party believes in collective leadership and that is how we fought in Haryana and Maharashtra. We will get a clear majority this time too and afterwards, whoever the collective leadership decides will lead the state. Our focus is on winning the elections,” Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay told HT.
Sources also said there was no consensus yet on a CM candidate and in such circumstances, declaring one could affect the party’s prospects. In the last elections in December 2013, the BJP had declared Harsh Vardhan, now Union health minister, its CM candidate.
Contrary to the BJP’s position, AAP (with 28 MLAs) is clear about its choice — Kejriwal — and insists it will be Mukhi on the other side. “He is the main BJP leader. Tell me a better name,” the former CM said Tuesday.
Asked if he was scared of Modi, he said, “Will he resign as PM and fight for the CM’s post? It’s Mukhi who will be the BJP’s choice in Delhi.”
“We are confident of winning at least 45 seats. We are confident the people of Delhi will bless us,” Kejriwal added.

Kolkata port on terror alertKolkata port on high alert after terror threat
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Kolkata/ New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 19:57 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:44 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Security forces in Kolkata are on high alert following a central intelligence warning that the city’s port may be the target of an attack by militants posing as fishermen, home ministry officials told HT on Tuesday.
Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) headquarters in Delhi alerted top West Bengal and Kolkata police officials on Monday through an email, cautioning them of a possible attack on the port by Pakistani navy-backed terrorists.
 
The Indian navy moved two warships — INS Khukri and INS Sumitra — out of the port after receiving the alert and increased patrolling in the sea. The ships were supposed to be open to the public on Wednesday and Thursday.
 
The alert came after Pakistani security forces foiled an attempt by al-Qaeda militants to capture a Pakistani frigate at Karachi in September. The militants aimed to use the ship to attack Indian and American vessels in the Indian Ocean.
 
“We came to know about the alert from the CISF,” said deputy commissioner of police (port division) Imran Wahab. “We had a meeting late into the night and Indian navy officers were also present.”
Sources said security agencies intercepted conversations about targeting Indian naval assets at Kolkata and swung into action, in part, because of September’s Karachi attack.
“Marine patrolling at the India-Bangladesh sea border in the Bay of Bengal has been enhanced in view of the alert,” said commodore Ravi Ahluwalia. “We have electronic surveillance on seagoing vessels, especially the fishing trawlers plying in the region.”
According to the alert, terrorists are likely to enter Indian waters posing as fishermen and are backed by Pakistan marines, an elite marine commando unit of the Pakistani navy.
“Intelligence inputs were promptly shared with port authorities, navy, coast guard, Kolkata police and other counter terror agencies and they have been asked to remain on high alert,” a Union home ministry official said.
Security sources said al-Qaeda’s new wing for India and Pakistan may be responsible for Sunday’s suicide attack on the Pakistani side at the Wagah border that killed over 60 people, and militants might carry out similar attacks in India.

In big U.S. governors  races  Democrat takes PennsylvaniaIn big U.S. governors  races  Democrat takes Pennsylvania
Wagah bomb blast: Bombers vow revenge against PM NarendraModiPrint
Narendra Modi will land in Australia on November 15.
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:46 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 4:10 pm
The terrorist group that carried out Sunday’s murderous suicide bombing at Wagah has followed it up with a threat to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“You are the killer of hundreds of Muslims,” Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA) spokesperson ‘Ehsanullah Ehsan’ said in a message released on his Twitter feed on Monday, hours after claiming responsibility for the Wagah strike , “We w(il)l take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gujarat” (sic).
Modi has been briefed at least twice in the last fortnight on the growing threat from complex webs of transnational jihadist groups operating from Pakistan’s war-torn north-west and their new Indian affiliates, who give them the assets needed to execute their threats.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks during the launch of Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) membership drive at party headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI photo)
One arm of the Indian Mujahideen, led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri and his lieutenant Muhammad Ahmad Zarar Siddibapa, has merged into al-Qaeda, intelligence officials say. The rival Indian Mujahideen group, known as the Ansar-ul-Tauheed, is training at camps run by the TTP-JA.
Each of the groups who have acquired Indian partners have rejected talks with the Pakistani government, instead committing to the destruction of the Pakistani state.
Led by Maulana Qasim, the TTP-JA was founded in September by commanders who rejected the Tehreek-e-Taliban’s decision to talk to the Pakistani government. Inspired by the Islamic State, its leadership also has close personal ties with al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri. Its key commander, journalist-turned-jihadist Omar Khalid Khorasani, seeks to overthrow the Pakistani government, impose shari’a, seize the country’s nuclear weapons, and wage jihad until “the Caliphate is established across the world”. In February, Omar Khalid executed 23 Pakistani soldiers by beheading, a message both to pro-dialogue commanders and the army.
Al-Zawahiri, in turn, has created a new subcontinental wing of al-Qaeda, that has threatened strikes against India. Indian Mujahideen cadre have been training with the new Al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS) for over a year, and Indian intelligence services have told the Prime Minister attempted strikes could be just months, or even weeks, away.
Leaders of the Indian Mujahideen and the central leadership of al-Qaeda, communications decrypted by the National Investigation Agency suggest, began negotiations on a merger in mid-2013. The effort was led by Karachi-based Riyaz Shahbandri, who wanted a new patron to break free of restraints placed on the group’s operations by his erstwhile mentor, Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate.

Why Indias massive stock rally has further upsideWhy India's massive stock rally has further upside
By Katie Holliday | CNBC –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014 5:58 AM IST
View Photo
Bloomberg | Getty Images
Indian stocks have been on a tear this year and the government's plan to implement its budget early could provide a further boost.
"Comments that the Indian government aims to implement its new budget from 1 April (three months early) should only add to the [positive] sentiment," said Chris Weston, market strategist at IG.
"This [Nifty 50 index] still has great upside potential. Naturally there will be corrections, but buyers continue to step in and pay up for the earnings, with improving fundamentals," he said.
India's Nifty 50 surged 32 percent year to date and is Asia's best performing index. By contrast, the second-best performing index, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange Composite index, is up 28.72 percent, while last year's standout, Japan's Nikkei (CBOE:.NKXQ), is only up 1.5 percent.
Read More India goes from fragile to fabulous
Modi-mania
The election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in May and his promise to boost India's flagging economy through much-needed reforms underlie India's stock market rally.
In July, Modi announced a budget of structural reforms aimed at reviving growth. A decision to speed up the budget process by three months - announced on Saturday - could see some of these measures rolled out sooner than expected.
"What investors are realizing is that, in a world that is pretty short of growth, you are seeing the best opportunities in India," said Geoff Lewis, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management.
"It's an economy that's turned around cyclically and also we are seeing a positive response to 'Modinomics,'" he said, referring to Modi's plan to unblock stalled infrastructure projects, attract foreign investment and revive economic growth.
Read More Soaring India stocks have strategists on edge
India's economy expanded a faster-than-expected 5.7 percent on year in the April to June quarter, recovering from its lowest growth rate in a decade in the previous quarter.
"If you compare against long-term averages in terms of price-to-earnings ratios, we think the Indian stock market is one of the stories where the fundamentals are still strong, so will be relatively supported," added Lewis.
Stocks on the Nifty 50 index are trading at an average price-to-earnings ratio of 16.62 times earnings.
Doubts remain
Other analysts doubt that speeding up the budget will greatly impact equity markets.
"The scope for any near-term gains from the budget may be checked because some of it has already been unveiled," said Vishnu Varathan, market economist at Mizhuo Bank.
The external environment poses the greatest risk to Indian stocks' good fortune, he added.
"If we don't see euro zone growth recovering sustainably there could be enough cause to question the optimism on India's prospects," he said. "Obviously the Bank of Japan's move has contributed to the momentum in global equity markets, but if that momentum starts to waver we could see a bit of a pull back."
More From CNBC

Greenply Industries Q2 net profit jumps 40%Greenply Industries Q2 net profit jumps 40%
Greaves Cotton Q2 net profit at Rs27.29 croreGreaves Cotton Q2 net profit at Rs27.29 crore
Obama to travel to Asia for summits  visitsObama to travel to Asia for summits  visits
New norms to make air bags must for all carsNew norms to make air bags must for all cars
Mutual funds pump $1bn into stocks in Oct as market ralliesMutual funds pump $1bn into stocks in Oct as market rallies
India stock index futures signal flat openIndia stock index futures signal flat open
UTI Opportunities is a good MF investment optionBenchmark index: S&P BSE 100
WHAT IT COSTS
NAV: Rs 44.34 (G), Rs 18.11 (D)
Min investment: Rs 5,000
Min SIP amount: Rs 500
Expense ratio: 2.19% (as on 31/03/2014)
Exit load: 1% for redemption before 1 year
UTI Opportunities

Five things you should know about your salary accountView Gallery
10 awesome office perks
When you go to a bank’s website and look for different savings account options, you will come across a regular savings account and a separate salary account. The latter is the account that your employer links to for directly transferring your monthly salary.
To attract the attention of people working in different fields, banks offer a range of salary accounts like the Classic Salary Account, Wealth Salary Account, Basic Savings Bank Deposit Account – Salary, Defence Salary Account and so on.
A salary bank account predominantly helps the employer to easily disburse the monthly salaries. But it has its perks.
Here are five things to know about your salary account:
1.       For you as an employee, such an account comes with added benefits like permitting zero quarterly balance and opening one with zero – that’s right, zero deposit amount. Usually, you need to deposit Rs 1,000 while opening an account.
2.       For any employee, it is a hassle free, cashless and paperless transfer of monthly earning into the bank as it is instantly credited into the account. Most banks give some preferential services to payroll accounts like providing credit cards, overdraft facilities, better loan offers, free remittance of limited amounts through demand drafts, cheques or pay orders, unlimited cash withdrawals from ATMs, free internet transactions, and similar other features.
3.       Anyone with lots of money out there can even open a wealth salary account with one bank. It comes with the privilege of having a dedicated wealth manager for all banking purposes. Yes, banks will provide you with one!
4.       Banks keep it simple for salary accounts knowing that all banking needs would be routed by the employer and the employee through them. But they do impose conditions, if you decide to change the account to another bank.
Also See: Are women terrible salary negotiators?
No man would ever say - at least in print or mixed company - that women are bad at negotiating for money and power because no guy wants to be drop-kicked to the proverbial curb for being a sexist pig.... more 
No man would ever say - at least in print or mixed company - that women are bad at negotiating for money and power because no guy wants to be drop-kicked to the proverbial curb for being a sexist pig. That, and it's pretty ridiculous to suggest that women can't negotiate for more money or more power - just ask Martha Stewart, Oprah Winfrey or Sheryl Sandberg. Still, women seem to say or suggest it quite often. less 
1 / 20

Wockhardt Q2 Profit Plunges 97% on US Export BansYou are here: Home Corporates
Wockhardt Q2 Profit Plunges 97% on US Export Bans
Reuters | Updated On: November 03, 2014 19:36 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Generic drugmaker Wockhardt Ltd reported a 97 percent drop in quarterly net profit, as regulatory bans on the company's manufacturing plants in India due to poor production processes hit sales in the United States, its largest market.
The company's consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September was Rs 3.63 crore, compared with a profit of Rs 139 crore a year earlier. Net sales fell 21 percent to Rs 948 crore.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) last year banned two of Wockhardt's major manufacturing plants from exporting to the United States after finding manufacturing quality violations there.
In May this year, Wockhardt said the FDA had also expressed concerns over production processes at its Chicago-based Morton Grove Pharmaceuticals unit, which accounts for more than 50 percent of Wockhardt's sales in the United States.
The company has said that it had been working on resolving the regulatory issues.
Concerns over quality control in India's export-driven drug industry surfaced in the past year after plants run by Ranbaxy Laboratories and Wockhardt were banned from exporting to the US for falling short of the FDA's production practices.
That has hurt India's reputation as a supplier of safe, affordable drugs. Indian drug exports grew by just 2.6 percent in the 2013/14 fiscal year ended in March. Two years ago, the growth rate was 23 percent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Flipkart Rejigs Top Deck After Chief Financial Officer ExitsYou are here: Home Corporates
Flipkart Rejigs Top Deck After CFO Exits
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 22:07 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Bangalore: In significant top-level management changes at Flipkart, interim CFO Kalyan Krishnamurthy is leaving the firm and fashion head Mukesh Bansal will now be the marketing chief of the home grown e-commerce major.
Flipkart vice president (marketplace) Ankit Nagori's role has also been expanded and he will now be responsible for the books and general merchandise categories as well.
Mr Krishnamurthy, who joined the Bangalore-based firm from investment company Tiger Global in 2013, was also senior vice president-retail. His last day at Flipkart is November 15 and he is expected to join Tiger Global again, a source said.
Besides heading the marketing division, Mr Bansal, founder of online fashion retailer Myntra which was acquired by Flipkart in May this year for about Rs 2,000 crore, will also look after the consumer electronics and computer categories, the source added.
Mr Bansal joined the Flipkart board following the Myntra deal.
When contacted, a Flipkart spokesperson said, "Flipkart is a new age and agile company and organisational changes are regular for us. Realigning roles and responsibilities help us keep pace with our aggressive growth and the dynamic environment we operate in."
Mr Bansal, Mr Nagori and Mr Krishnamurthy will hold meetings with stakeholders to chalk out a transition plan.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 21:14 (IST)

E-commerce business will take time to evolveeconomy, business and finance
Indian e-commerce business is in a `euphoria phase’ now and business models will take time to evolve, a top official from Reliance Retail Limited said.
“The business models will evolve in the next 12-18 months. It has to come through trial and error,” Damodar Mall, CEO of Value Format at Reliance Retail Limited, said speaking at the sidelines of TiECON Chennai recently.
Indian ecommerce industry has gained a lot of action with billions of dollars poured into the sector.
It has attracted global honchos such as Amazon’s Jeff Bezos, who is investing $2 billion in India, and Japanese Internet baron Masayoshi Son’s Softbank, which recently invested in Snapdeal. Flipkart raised $1 billion recently.
Mr. Mall said that modern retail was only around 25 per cent even in metro markets.
“There is lot of scope still to grow the retail supermarket format,” he added.
Mall did not want to disclose Reliance plan for e-commerce. Reportedly, Reliance Retail is working on a pilot for its e-commerce foray.
Mr. Mall joins Future Group chief Kishore Biyani, who had expressed similar views about Indian e-commerce last week. Biyani had said the euphoria in Indian ecommerce would last 6-18 months.

First time in 2014: FIIs turn net sellers In OctoberMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Following the US Federal Reserve’s move to end its quantitative easing programme and amid weak corporate results, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) significantly reduced fund inflow in Indian equities in October. Net inflow turned negative for the first time in 2014 in October as they pulled out a net of Rs 1,171 crore in the month.
* While FIIs remained net sellers for a large part of the month, Bank of Japan’s announcement to accelerate bond buying programme led to a rise in inflow into Indian equities in the last couple of days in October
* The net inflow into Indian equities for the year stood at Rs 82,264 crore at the end of the month
* Debt inflow in October, however, stood strong at Rs 17,903 crore taking the net inflow for the calendar year to a record of Rs 1,36,243 crore as the money kept flowing due to high interest rates in the country
* Aggregate of debt and equity inflows crossed $36 billion (Rs 2,18,506 crore) in 2014 — an all-time high
TAGS: FIIs Fund Inflow Indian Equities
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Central bank views boost dollar; Wall St ends flatMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The dollar reached multi-year highs against both the yen and euro on Monday, adding to gains built on the Bank of Japan’s surprise stimulus announcement from last week, but equity markets dipped after weak data from China and Europe.
U.S. stocks ended flat as investors paused after a sharp rally on Friday and ahead of U.S. elections on Tuesday, although economic data pointed to a slowly strengthening economy. The benchmark S&P index briefly pushed to a record 2,024.46 at the high of the session before retreating.
“We got back to the highs in the S&P 500 and Dow rather quickly, so I think you’re running into some resistance and profit-taking,” said Stephen Carl, principal and head of U.S. Equity Trading at The Williams Capital Group.
An index of global equities slipped after data showing China’s economy losing momentum. The MSCI all-country world equity index was off 0.6 percent.
China’s services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months, the National Bureau of Statistics said, as a cooling property sector weighed on demand.
Another official purchasing managers’ index survey on Saturday showed factory activity in the world’s second-largest economy unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
Final European manufacturing PMI data for October showed activity in France contracted by less than first reported , while German factory activity rebounded after a slight shrinkage in September.
The disappointing data pulled European shares lower as they retreated from a four-week high. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index closed down 0.9 percent at 1,340.38 after rising to as much as 1,355.16, the highest since early October.
Two U.S. industry reports showed the manufacturing sector continues to expand, while automakers reported their strongest October sales in years.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 24.28 points, or 0.14 percent, to 17,366.24, the S&P 500 lost 0.24 points, or 0.01 percent, to 2,017.81 and the Nasdaq Composite  added 8.17 points, or 0.18 percent, to 4,638.91.
The BOJ last week said it would boost its massive stimulus spending, due to worry about weak growth. There are expectations the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, will also eventually resort to large-scale purchases of government bonds.
The dollar climbed as high as 114.20 yen, its highest  since December 2007, and was last up 1.4 percent at 113.85. The euro hit a low of $1.2441, its weakest since August 2012. It was last down 0.3 percent at $1.2489.
The dollar, up 0.5 percent, touched highs not seen since mid-2010 versus a basket of currencies and notched its  fourth straight day of gains.
The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note was down 3/32, the yield at 2.3443 percent.
The greenback’s strength led to a decline in gold, which held near four-year lows. The metal last traded down 6.8 percent $1,166.25 an ounce.
Oil also came under pressure from the dollar’s climb. Brent crude fell $1.08 to settle at $85.78 a barrel. U.S. crude settled down $1.76 at $78.78, its lowest level since June 2012.
TAGS: Dow Wall Street
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Gujarat s Key Bureaucrat in Jaitley s Budget TeamYou are here: Home Economy
Hasmukh Adhia is New Financial Services Secretary
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 23:35 (IST)
More Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: In yet another secretary-level change, the government on Monday appointed Hasmukh Adhia, a 1981 Gujarat cadre IAS officer, as the new Financial Services Secretary, replacing G S Sandhu.
Mr Sandhu, a 1980 Rajasthan cadre IAS officer, has been made Chairman of the National Authority for Chemical Weapons Convention.
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet has approved appointment of Mr Adhia as Secretary of Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, according to a late night statement issued by the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT).
This is the third secretary level change in the Finance Ministry after former revenue secretary Rajiv Takru was shifted to the Department of North Eastern Region and former finance secretary Arvind Mayaram was first shifted to Tourism Ministry and later to the Minority Affairs Ministry.
The transfers come amid the Finance Ministry preparing the work for Budget 2015-16.
Two days ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had an interaction with secretaries of various ministries and departments. According to sources, Mr Modi had said the Budget should be "output to outcome-oriented", inferring that investments should have measurable outcomes.
Mr Adhia at present is Additional Chief Secretary, Finance Department, Government of Gujarat.
Prior to this, he was Principal Secretary Education Department from April 2008 to January, 2013, and Principal Secretary to the then Chief Minister of Gujarat from May 2004 to May 2006.
He had also held the positions of Industries Commissioner, managing director at Gujarat Industrial Investment Corporation, and vice chairman and managing director at Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 22:51 (IST)

Revealed: Mumbais Rs 100 000-crore problemInfra challenge for new Maharashtra CM
Recommend
Link
1 month 3 days ago, ET NOW
Projects worth over Rs 1 lakh crore in Mumbai are stuck due to lack of political will as well as poor governance. These include an international airport in Navi Mumbai  and the second and third phases of the Mumbai Metro. Devendra Fadnavis’ first crucial challenge will be to get these projects moving, so that the city can get rid of its infrastructure bottlenecks.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Markets holiday note: Bombay Stock Exchange  National Stock Exchange  forex  other markets closedThe Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the National Stock Exchange (NSE), forex, money markets, oil seeds and copra markets remained closed today on account of “Muharram”.
However, bullion, sugar, metal, cotton and grains remain open as usual.
TAGS: Bombay Stock Exchange BSE Sensex Forex Markets Holiday Note National Stock Exchange Nifty Today Sensex And Nifty Sensex Today
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

India a hit with high-earning expatsITO metro station to be opened to commuters early next year
After China, India is home to the second-largest proportion of high-earning expats in the world. A HSBC survey shows sectors like telecom, information technology and internet account for 21% of total expats working in India, followed by construction and engineering. Expats in India also save more on everyday expenses and have substantial disposable income compared to their home countries. Switzerland is ranked number one in terms of expats looking for a well-balanced, high quality lifestyle, followed by Singapore and China. India ranks ninth on the list.
More from economy

Modi govt  playing  with fishermen s lives: VaikoEnough evidence to show LeT, Pak hand in Uri attack: Army
Slamming the NDA government on fishermen issue, BJP ally MDMK today said it is “playing with the lives of Indian fishermen” and its UPA-like approach towards Sri Lanka had emboldened Colombo to treat them (fishermen) with disdain.
Alleging that Modi government was “playing” with the lives of Indian fishermen, MDMK founder Vaiko said, “I ask the Modi government…why are you insisting with defence ties with Sri Lanka even after this…the lives of Tamil fishermen should not be taken lightly. If the NDA follows the UPA policy on Sri Lanka, the Tamil youth will not tolerate that.”
The statement comes in the backdrop of five Indian fishermen being awarded death penalty by a Sri Lankan court for drug-trafficking last week.
Slamming the Centre on ties with Colombo, from inviting its President Mahinda Rajapaksa for Modi’s swearing-in to the continued defence ties, Vaiko said despite these, Chinese naval ships had recently berthed in Sri Lankan waters, which he said was a direct threat for Tamil Nadu.
“Such an approach by the Modi government towards Sri Lanka was a reason for the five fishermen being awarded death penalty as Rajapaksa controlled his country’s judiciary,” he told reporters after spearheading a protest here against the court verdict.
He warned that the Centre may have to face the consequences of such an approach towards Sri Lanka.
Vaiko had been critical of UPA government’s “friendly” relations with Sri Lanka, including maintaining defence ties, and had accused it of aiding Colombo in its pursuit against the rebel LTTE, with the last leg of hostilities in 2009 witnessing heavy civilian casualties when Rajapaksa was President.
TAGS: Narendra Modi NDA Government Vaiko
More from miscellaneous

Award politics: Kudos for Manmohan  brickbats for Narendra ModiEnough evidence to show LeT, Pak hand in Uri attack: Army
Congress today launched a veiled attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi as it congratulated his predecessor Manmohan Singh for being chosen for one of Japan’s top national awards saying that the “world values work not just rhetoric”.
“Dr Manmohan Singh 1st Indian-Receive Japan’s highest civilian Honour! Congrats! World values work not just rhetoric,” party leader Ajay Maken posted on micro-blogging site Twitter.
Maken, who is the chairman of AICC’s media department, also accused the media of ignoring the rare honour to the party leader and former Prime Minister.
“Dr Singh getting highest civilian award in Japan. National media ignores it! The Nation Wants to Know: Is Media Patriotic or just BJP Bhakt?” he said in another tweet.
Singh will be awarded Japan’s ‘The Grand Cordon of the Order of the Paulownia Flowers’ for his “significant contribution to the enhancement of relations and promotion of friendship” between Japan and India for about 35 years.
It is a “high level National Order” and a rare honour awarded to those who are recognised for their distinguished contribution, a Japanese Embassy statement has said.
TAGS: Manmohan Singh Manmohan's Attack On Modi Manmohan's Vield Attack On Modi Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

Chitfund: BJP ashamed  BJD says no protectionIrfan Habib: Babri not Hindu-Mislum fight, but secularism-communalism confrontation
BJP in Odisha today said it was ashamed of its ex-MLA Hitesh Kumar Bagarti, arrested by CBI in the multi-crore chitfund scam, while ruling BJD said it would not provide protection to tainted leaders booked in ponzi case, refering to its arrested MP Ramchandra Hansda.
“We feel ashamed of having given party ticket to Hitesh Kumar Bagarti. Had we not given party ticket to Bagarti, he would not have become an MLA and cheated people,” BJP spokesman and former state party president Suresh Pujari told reporters.
Stating that the BJP state leadership regretted the incident, Pujari said, “Bagarti was not given party ticket again in 2014 elections.”
Senior BJP leader Bijay Mohapatra said Bagarti was no more a member of BJP. However, he admitted that Bagarti became a director Nabadiganta Capital Service, a ponzi company, when he was a BJP MLA.
While washing its hands off the chitfund scam, the ruling BJD, whose Lok Sabha MP from Mayurbhanj Ramchandra Hansda was arrested by CBI earlier in the day, maintained that the party was not providing any protection nor shielding any tainted leader involved in the ponzi activities.
“No one can know who is involved in the scam or who is not from his/her face. Though BJD had given them ticket in the elections, the party is taking action as soon as their activities came to the fore. There is no question of providing any protection to any tainted leader,” BJD spokesman and former minister Rabi Narayan Nanda said.
Terming the arrest of certain BJD leaders as “unfortunate,” Nanda claimed that the regional party’s image was not touched even as some of its leaders are interrogated or arrested in the scam.
BJD MLA Pravat Tripathy, MP Ramachandra Hansda and ex-MLA Subarna Naik as well as ex-BJP MLA Hitesh Kumar Bagarti have been arrested by CBI in the chit fund scam.
Opposition Congress, on the other hand said the ruling BJD leaders including Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik should be ashmed that its leaders were involved in the scam.
“BJD president Naveen Patnaik should be ashmed of his partymen,” Congress spokesman Sarat Rout said.
TAGS: BJP Hitesh Kumar Arrested Hitesh Kumar Bagarti
More from miscellaneous

Budgam killings: Congress says security forces need to be patientPrint
By: Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: November 4, 2014 9:04 pm
State Congress here on Tuesday asked security forces to be patient while dealing with civilians in Kashmir Valley.
Pointing out that he is not the one who will politicize Monday’s incident involving death of two car borne youth in firing by security forces in the Valley, state Congress president Prof Saifuddin Soz said that army personnel should  have taken care in the matter as ‘killing people with the intention of killing them is not a good policy. They should have fired in the air  or on tyre of the vehicle, he said when asked what the army personnel would have done when the motorists had ignored their signal to stop at the naka and tried to drive away the vehicle.
They could have seen that there were no militants or there was no threat to them, Soz said, adding that the army rightly expressed regrets for that and that they have also instituted an inquiry into the incident. However, security forces must be patient about things and also their movement there, he added.
Pointing out that army have a “very brilliant track record in the Valley, he said that there were Generals like K.M. Cariappa and K.S. Thimayya who apart from being army generals were also servants of the people. “They made them understand that the Army is a friend of them, he said, adding that such activities, however, bring lot of wrath of the people and create anger in their mind.
“We are facing an election and I think that  jawans lost their cool. It was neither the situation nor any threat making the jawans to open fire, he added. However, it has been good that the army general expressed his regrets and very quickly ordered an inquiry into the matter, he added.

Integrated Logistics Ministry essential to develop infrastructure: industry bodySays differences between Centre, States affecting major projects
Chennai, November 4:  
A separate Ministry for logistics integrating ports, railways, roads, airways and inland waterways will help in developing transport and shipping sector to contribute at least 2 per cent to the country’s GDP, the Madras Chamber of Commerce and Industry said in a presentation to Union Minister of Roadways, Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari on Monday.
J Krishnan, chairman of the logistics committee of the chamber, said in the presentation that infrastructure has to underpin the ‘Make in India’ programme launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently.
Inter-ministerial rivalries and trust deficit between the Centre and States due to different political affiliations has remained a major roadblock for commissioning and completing major infrastructure projects. To create a world class infrastructure, a holistic approach needs to be adopted. In the Indian context ministries controlling infrastructure are road, rail, air, shipping, industry and different state governments.
Railway focuses on passenger movement while National Highways Authority of India and ports do not enter into pre-planning consultations. As the project progresses, access bottlenecks emerge and disrupt the progress of the projects, said Krishnan.
The chamber also suggested creation of a mega port on east and west coast for sustained operation of mega containerised (mother) vessels. Ships are getting large, and not all ports can today handle those vessels. Such large ports also cannot operate in isolation, and need to be interconnected with rest of India. There is a need for a port expressway and railway connecting landlocked port to a back up land infrastructure facility. This will ensure speedy evacuation of cargo from the port, said Krishnan.
However, ports like Chennai suffer due to lack of such infrastructure. Responding to the chamber’s presentation, Gadkari said he would look into the issues.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Statewide forum to help Sagayam probe panelUpdated: November 5, 2014 02:50 IST
Statewide forum to help Sagayam probe panel
S. Sundar
The Hindu U. Sagayam
The movement aims to help in collection of evidences on the irregularities
A Statewide forum, “Irregularities in Mineral Resources-Sagayam Probe Panel Supporters Movement” has been formed to help the High Court-appointed probe by former Madurai Collector, U. Sagayam, to unearth multi-crore mining scam.
“Several fora already working on environmental issues, anti-corruption and farmers, people’s and political bodies have come together to collect evidence on irregularities in quarrying of granite, sand and beach sand among other minerals,” said its coordinator, R.S. Mugilan. He is also the coordinator of Tamil Nadu Environmental Protection Movement, Erode.
The objective of the movement, with a committee of 18 persons, will be to identify quarrying of minerals on legally-permitted and not permitted sites, find out its impact on environment, nature, water bodies, agriculture, loss of lives due social problems that stemmed out of the illegal quarrying.
Stating that many people might not come forward to submit their evidence against illegal quarry operators, Mr. Mugilan said, “We will act as bridge between the panel and such people in bringing out the facts.”
The movement will press the Sagayam panel to conduct public hearings in each district to get more information on the impact of illegal quarrying.
One of the members of the movement, P. Somasundaram of Madurai hoped that every issue raised with the Sagayam panel will benefit the victims of illegal quarrying to a great extent.
Poor farmers who had lost their agricultural lands to the quarry operators in Madurai had lodged hundreds of complaints to the district administration and the police. But, so far cases related only to government land have been booked and not in the cases related to land belonging to individuals, he said.
“Sagayam panel is going to submit its report to the High Court and not to the State government. The court might even order a CBI enquiry into the irregularities, which is estimated to run into several lakh crores. Thus, truth will come out and the victims will be duly compensated,” he said.
The movement believes that besides bringing the huge corruption to light, the probe will help conserve water bodies and historical monuments.
RELATED NEWS

Unhappy New Year! Hyundai i20 Elite  Maruti Ciaz may soon become pricierCarmakers like Hyundai Motors, Maruti Suzuki, BMW & others contemplating price rise
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 5 Nov, 2014, 06.59AM IST
In the two-wheeler segment, Hero Moto-Corp and closest rival Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India have already increased prices of motorcycles and scooters. 
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: The Hyundai i20 Elite and Maruti Ciaz that you are looking to purchase may soon become pricier.
After a gap of nine months, automakers are contemplating increasing prices to offset higher raw material and logistics costs.
But they are cautious too, after the pickup in sales that they witnessed earlier this year fizzled out in the all-important festival season. Sharper hikes are likely to be limited to popular models, and some manufacturers may stay away from changing prices, say industry executives.
The Indian unit of Hyundai Motor said it would increase prices, and an announcement is likely over next few days. Maruti Suzuki and BMW are contemplating increasing prices, and decisions are expected as early as this month.
In the two-wheeler segment, which had a bumper festival season unlike car makers, market No. 1 Hero Moto-Corp and closest rival Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India have already increased prices of motorcycles and scooters. Others are expected to follow the leaders.
Automakers have evaded across-the-board price hikes since February, when the government cut excise duty by 4-6 per cent to stimulate demand and help put the industry back on track after two years of falling sales.
Companies passed on the benefit to customers and that, along with an improvement in consumer sentiment following signs of a pickup in the economy, heavy discounts and an array of new models, helped auto sales return to the positive territory in May. Though the festival months of September and October turned out to be disappointing, overall car sales since the fiscal year began in April have increased about 4.5 per cent from a year earlier.
Manufacturers say there is some room to increase prices now, especially for the in-demand models, to recover huge investments on new cars and improve profitability.
"We are feeling the pressure now, as there have been no effective price changes for the past several months, while discounts peaked. We have also launched four new cars this year with huge investments that need to be recovered," said Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president for marketing and sales at Hyundai Motor India.
"We have been postponing any change in prices to balance it with customer demand even as Hyundai Motor has grown in sales over the last year. We will take a considered decision on the price increase and are currently working out the exact quantum of hike."
He said the company had launched the i20 Elite at an introductory price and so its price would be revised soon, but didn't name the other models that would become costlier.
A Maruti executive said the retail market has expanded over the past months, though the wholesale numbers that the industry tracks more closely don't show all of that. Maruti, helped by new launches, posted healthy sales in the festival season, along with Hyundai and the local unit of Honda Motor.
"While the market situation has been fluctuating over the past few months, the 10 per cent growth in retail sales with robust 108,000 vehicles sold in October gives us the confidence for a price revision on selective models in coming weeks," said the Maruti executive, who asked not to be named since the company has yet to make a final call. Honda Cars India Senior Vice-President for Marketing and Sales Jnaneshwar Sen said the company has yet to make a decision on price hikes.
Amit Kaushik, principal analyst, autos, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive , said the current round of price hikes is an effort by car companies to maintain their margins and expand profit.
Companies are citing rising input costs, especially on steel that has shown an upward trend in the international markets, for considering price hikes.
Hyundai, Maruti and Honda source auto-grade steel from markets like South Korea and Japan. Several automakers are also importing parts. Fluctuating international currencies, especially the Japanese yen and Korean won, have been hurting, too.
Another drag on profitability is high discounts and freebies that automakers have been offering to entice unwilling customers. Maruti's profit margin, for instance, fell 0.2 percentage point in the July-September period because of higher discount - on average, the local unit of Japan's Suzuki Motor offered discounts of Rs 21,000 on every car sold in the local market, compared with Rs 17,000 a year earlier.
Some automakers are also waiting for the government's decision on the excise duty benefits, which have been extended once and will now expire at the end of December, to make a call.

 Falling Oil Prices Weigh on Energy Stocks in USYou are here: Home Market
S&P 500, Nasdaq Slip; Falling Oil Prices Weigh on Energy
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 07:34 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New York: The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended lower on Tuesday as another big drop in oil prices dragged down energy shares and Priceline's earnings forecast disappointed.
The S&P 500 energy sector fell 1.9 per cent, extending the group's recent drop, the Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF dropped 2.1 per cent, and Chevron Corp eased 1.2 per cent to $115.37.
The Dow ended slightly higher, although it was unable to break through Friday's record close. While the market has bounced back strongly from its recent selloff, the energy sector remains under pressure from plunging oil prices.
The price of US crude oil hit its lowest in three years after Saudi Arabia cut sales prices to the United States. Crude settled down $1.59 at $77.19 after reaching the lowest intraday price since October 2011 in the morning.
Adding to worries about global demand, the European Commission said the euro zone will need another year to reach even modest economic growth. A Reuters report said central bankers in the euro zone plan to challenge European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's leadership style.
"Eventually, a slowdown in Europe could affect large US companies. So far, we have not seen much influence, at least in earnings reports. Next quarter could really be indicative of whether a slowdown in Europe is actually having an effect here," said Bryant Evans, portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management in Champaign, Illinois.
Among other top negative influences, Priceline Group Inc shares dropped 8.4 per cent to $1,097.70, one of the largest percentage decliners on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, after it forecast quarterly earnings below Wall Street's expectations.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 17.6 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 17,383.84, the S&P 500 lost 5.71 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 2,012.1 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 15.27 points, or 0.33 per cent, to 4,623.64.
The Dow Jones transportation average rose 0.4 per cent and posted another record high close.
The session closed with all eyes on today's US elections, where a handful of Senate races could hold the key to whether the stock market glides through the year-end in a typical post-midterm election rally or gets hit with a fresh bout of volatility.
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd rose 4.3 per cent to $106.07 on massive volume after the Chinese e-commerce company reported its first quarterly results as a public company, posting revenue growth of 53.7 per cent.
The company is one of the largest in the world, but its rise did not directly translate to major indexes as it is not a component of the Dow or S&P 500 and is not traded on the Nasdaq.
Among the day's other big decliners, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc lost 5.8 per cent to $372.39 after it cut the top end of its full-year sales outlook for its blockbuster eye drug. But the company also said it is consulting with government agencies to see if its technology might be used to fight Ebola.
After the bell, shares of TripAdvisor dropped 13.9 per cent to $72.08 following the release of its results.
During the regular session, about 7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, compared with the 7.3 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,837 to 1,231, for a 1.49-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,530 issues fell and 1,148 advanced for a 1.33-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 07:31 (IST)

Democrat wins Pennsylvania governor raceRepublicans win tight governor races
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5301e544-648c-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty seen opening flat; may retest 8 300 levelsEuropean Central Bank
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Wednesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 8,300 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 3 points higher at 8,393 indicating a flat opening on the domestic market.
Nifty opened gap-up but remained extremely range bound throughout the session to finally conclude the day with a gain of 2 points at 8324 on Monday. The Sensex was marginally down by 5 points at 27,860.
The Bombay Stock Exchange, the National Stock Exchange (NSE), forex and money markets, oilseeds remained closed today on account of "Muharram". Present upside momentum still appears strong and may remain so till the time Nifty trades above the level of 8170, say experts. On the higher side it may test 8,355 and if the momentum continues then 8,460 is also a possibility, they say.
"The level of 8,460 is the resistance offered by the upper band of an advancing Channel it has been trading in since May 2014 till date," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Immediate support level for Nifty is placed at 8,255 and below that 8,170 is the major support for next three to five sessions. Only a move below 8,170 would signal weakness," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower as another big drop in oil prices dragged down energy shares and Priceline's earnings forecast disappointed.
"Adding to worries about global demand, the European Commission said the euro zone will need another year to reach even modest economic growth," Reuters reported.
A Reuters report said central bankers in the euro zone plan to challenge European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's leadership style.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.30 per cent lower at 16,810 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.63 per cent lower at 23,693.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.04 per cent lower at 1,934 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.48 per cent lower at 2,419.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Republicans edge closer to Senate controlRecriminations fly over Democrat defeat
Richard McGregor and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4acbf180-6482-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coming soon: New norms to make air bags must for all carsComing soon: New norms to make air bags must for all cars
Deepak Fertilizers & Petrochemicals Corp standalone net profit declines 77.95% in the September 2014 quarterDeepak Fertilizers & Petrochemicals Corp standalone net profit declines 77.95% in the September 2014 quarter
Credit to agriculture increased by 18.8% in Sept 2014Credit to agriculture increased by 18.8% in Sept 2014
Trend deciding level for day is 27 872/8 324: Angel BrokingTrend deciding level for day is 27 872/8 324: Angel Broking
Govt plans Rs 10 000cr fund to create tech giantsGovt plans Rs 10 000cr fund to create tech giants
Republican Cory Gardner wins U.S. Senate race in Colorado: FoxRepublican Cory Gardner wins U.S. Senate race in Colorado: Fox
Asian stocks fall as brent oil near four-year low; dollar slipsAsian stocks fall as brent oil near four-year low; dollar slips
Hero Motocorp announces Europe arrival in 2015Hero Motocorp announces Europe arrival in 2015
Twelve stocks in focus in Wednesday morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections
Twelve stocks in focus in Wednesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 17, 2014, 07.49AM IST
Tags:
Allahabad Bank
(Indian markets are expected…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Wednesday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
Following Monday's weak markets, the benchmark indices remained under pressure on Tuesday and lost nearly one and half percent in the end. S
Sentiments were negative from the beginning in response to statement made by RBI governor Raghuram Rajan that he would keep interest rates unchanged at the month-end monetary policy announcement.
"There was some uneasiness among participants ahead of US FOMC meeting, which is scheduled on 16th-17th September," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"We maintain our negative view on index with immediate target of 7850 in the Nifty. Traders are advised to keep extra caution in stock specific positions as we generally see sharp decline in them during corrective phase," he added.
Here is a list of twelve stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Hero MotoCorp Ltd: Motorcycle manufacturer Hero MotoCorp announced that it would set up an ultra-modern manufacturing facility with a capacity to produce 1.8 million units annually in Andhra Pradesh.
Lupin Ltd: Pharma major Lupin entered into a long-term strategic partnership with Germany-based biopharmaceutical firm Merck Serono for expansion of its portfolio initiative in emerging markets.
Allahabad Bank: State-run Allahabad Bank said here today that it has sought a Rs900-crore capital infusion from the government during the current financial year.
Canara Bank: State-run Canara Bank which has board approval to raise Rs 3,500 crore through a qualified institutional placement (QIP) is awaiting government approval for the same and expects to mop up the money by November.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Petroleum Ministry has asked Reliance Industries to stop sale of crude oil from KG-D6 block to its affiliate Jamnagar refinery, saying it was not an arms- length sales.
ONGC: ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-run explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), has signed an agreement to expand its oil and gas exploration in offshore Vietnam.
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd: Aurobindo Pharma has received approval from the US health regulator to market generic version of Amoxicillin for oral suspension, used to treat infections, in the American market.
Apollo Tyres Ltd: Apollo Tyres is undertaking a an exercise to 'rescue' operations of its South African arm in the wake of uncompetitive cost structure, continuous labour unrest and related issues.
NTPC Ltd: State-owned NTPC has signed an initial agreement with Andhra Pradesh government for developing 1,000 MW solar power projects in Andhra Pradesh. However, the company did not elaborate the financial details of the project.
Axis Bank Ltd: Axis Bank , country's third largest private lender, today said it will be announcing festive season offers on its auto loans and credit card offerings in the next few weeks.
Apollo Hospitals Ltd: Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd , which runs the country's largest hospital and pharmacy chains, is in advanced talks to buy Hyderabad-based retail pharmacy chain Hetero Pharmacy, two people with knowledge of development said.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: The company is raising Rs.1,500 crore by selling shares to existing shareholders to cut high-cost debt. Prior to the rights issue, private equity firm KKR and Co. will invest Rs.1,000 crore in GMR Holdings Ltd through a long-term structured financing arrangement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HTC RE Camera Quick LookHTC RE Camera Quick Look
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: October 16, 2014 5:39 pm
Related

Rupee snaps 4-day fall  ends at 61.36foreign exchange market
Robust capital inflows and good show by local equities helped the Indian rupee on Friday snap a four-day losing trend and end nine paise higher at 61.36 against the Greenback. Fresh dollar selling by exporters and some banks also aided the rupee rise while a strong dollar overseas after forecast-beating U.S. growth data kept the local currency under check, forex traders said.
Indian stocks helped the rupee end a falling trend as overseas investors pumped in over Rs. 1,750 crore today that helped Sensex surge 519.50 points to a new record. Global markets were in positive mood after Bank of Japan unexpectedly ramped up its monetary easing programme.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit commenced better at 61.39 a dollar from previous close of 61.45. It traded in a narrow range of 61.33 and 61.4450 before settling at 61.36, a rise of nine paise or 0.15 per cent. In previous four days, the rupee had dipped by 18 paise or 0.3 per cent.
“Rupee was supported by strong inflow in domestic market,” said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, director & CEO, WealthRays Securities. The dollar index was up by 0.46 per cent against its major global rivals. The gains came in the wake of a statement from the Federal Reserve that suggested growing confidence in the economic recovery and U.S. September quarter growth rising by 3.5 per cent, higher than consensus estimates.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said, “Rupee continues to trade in a tight range but ended higher. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.00 to 61.80.” In the forwards market, premium ended steady to better on stray payments by banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in March almost stable at 191-192.5 paise from 191-193 paise while far-forward contracts maturing in September, 2015 rose to 422-424 paise from 417.5-419.5 paise previously. The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.4080 and for the euro at 77.1899.
The rupee improved further against the pound to 98.23 from overnight close of 98.32 and also remained firm to end at 77.22 per euro from 77.37. It too shot up to 54.95 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.38.

US growth  Japan stimulus lift Sensex  Nifty to new peaksUpdated: October 31, 2014 19:13 IST
US growth, Japan stimulus lift Sensex, Nifty to new peaks
PTI
stock exchanges
Indian markets on Friday ended the week with a bang with Sensex zooming 519.50 points and Nifty soaring 153 points to new highs for the second straight day in line with a strong global rally after Japan unexpectedly increased its monetary stimulus and U.S. grew at a robust pace.
Hopes of more reform measures from the Modi government, expectations of better growth in the second half of the fiscal and heavy buying by foreign funds, also had a positive impact.
Investor wealth soared nearly Rs. 1.5 lakh crore in a single session as six stocks out of every ten traded ended in the green. Barring consumer durables, all 11 other sectoral indices finished with gains between 0.45 per cent and 2.66 per cent. Capital goods, oil & gas, IT, power, banking, pharma, auto and realty segments lead the winners.
Overall, 29 out of 30 Sensex-based scrips finished higher while only Bharti ended in the red. HDFC, Infosys, L&T, RIL, HDFC Bank, TCS, SBI Tata Motors, ONGC and ICICI Bank among others kept the market tempo upbeat.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex resumed strong and continued to move upwards to settle at its new historic high of 27,865.83, showing a rise of 519.50 or 1.90 per cent. During the week, it shot up by 1,014.78 points or 3.78 per cent and 1,866.49 points or 7.18 per cent in last nine out of ten days.
The 50-issue CNX Nifty of NSE also flared up by 153 points, or 1.87 per cent, to end at new peak of 8,322.20. The Sensex and Nifty also logged new intra-day highs of 27,894.32 and 8,330.75 on Friday. This was after they hit previous highs of 27,390.60 and 27,390.60 on Thursday.
“Much-needed reforms from the new government, strong Q2 performance by India Inc, Fed’s low-interest rate regime combined with Bank of Japan’s sudden stimulus announcement, gave markets across a sentiment boost,” said Hiren Dhakan, associate fund manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Sentiment was also boosted after the U.S. released forecast-beating economic growth data on Thursday. The world’s biggest economy grew 3.5 per cent in the September quarter. In overseas markets, Asian stocks rose between 0.28 per cent and 4.83 per cent. The Japanese central bank expanded the size of its government bond purchases to the equivalent of about 80 trillion yen a year, an increase of 30 trillion yen.
European stocks were also trading higher in their early trade as key indices in France, Germany and U.K. rose by 1.07 pct to 1.84 per cent.
“Stupendous beginning to the Indian markets for the November series this time the surprise is from Bank Of Japan which has decided to continue its asset buying program to boost the economy. Indian Markets have closed above resistance levels,” said Rajshekar Gowda, senior analyst, HBJ Capital.
Investor sentiment also got a boost after provisional data showed Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth a net Rs. 1,257.49 crore on Thursday. Jignesh Chaudhary, head of research, Veracity Broking Services said, “The U.S. economic recovery also boosted the confidence of the investors.”
Major gainers from the Sensex pack included HDFC (4.13 per cent), Gail India (3.83 per cent), L&T (3.61 per cent), Tata Power (3.36 per cent), Tata Steel (3.15 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.97 per cent), Dr Reddy’s Lab (2.7 per cent), Infosys (2.67 per cent) and Cipla (2.54 per cent).
Coal India (2.53 per cent), SBI (2.41 per cent), ONGC (2.32 per cent), RIL (2.03 per cent), Axis Bank (2.02 per cent), Sun Pharma (1.98 per cent), NTPC (1.90 per cent), HDFC Bank (1.88 per cent), TCS (1.82 per cent), Tata Motors (1.76 per cent), Hindalco (1.75 per cent), M&M (1.23 per cent), Sesa Sterlite (1.21 per cent) and Hero Moto (1.04 per cent) also gained.
Experts advised investors to be cautious and avoid risky bets. “We believe this upward bias is here to stay and will strengthen further due to broad-base participation in the coming sessions. However, selecting a stock is the key especially when the markets are trading at life time high level so keep extra caution,” said Jayant Manglik, president - retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Capital Goods rose by 2.66 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas 2.19 per cent, IT 1.96 per cent, Power 1.94 per cent, Metal 1.91 per cent, Bankex 1.76 per cent and Healthcare 1.69 per cent. Realty at 1.49 per cent and Auto 1.44 per cent notched up gains as well.
However, Consumer Durables index dropped 3.18 per cent. Total market breadth continued to remain firm as 1,788 stocks ended with gains while 1,207 settled with losses.

PM: Recovery of black money from abroad is an article of faith  and a commitment for meTop Story
PM: Recovery of black money from abroad is an article of faith, and a commitment for me
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 03, 2014 08:25 IST
Mann Ki Baat" over All India Radio for the second time today, the Prime Minister said that though he was sure that countrymen trusted him on the matter of black money, still he wished to repeat his aim that whatever money had illegally gone abroad from India should return.
 
 
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has said that recovery of black money from abroad is an article of faith, and a commitment for him. Sharing his thoughts with citizens on the programme "Mann Ki Baat" over All India Radio for the second time today, the Prime Minister said that though he was sure that countrymen trusted him on the matter of black money, still he wished to repeat his aim that whatever money had illegally gone abroad from India should return. He said it was natural in a democracy that there could be different views about how to approach this issue, but he wished to assure the people on the basis of the information currently with him, that the Government was on the right track. 
The Prime Minister said no one could have imagined that the Swachhta Abhiyaan would become such a mass movement. He said good results are already visible. He said there are two aspects of this matter. The first is how the existing dirt can be removed. But the second, equally important aspect is how people are now enthused to say that henceforth, they will not do anything that spreads dirt. The Prime Minister said children too are now aware about cleanliness. 
Shri Narendra Modi expressed satisfaction that people from all walks of life who come to meet him - these include Government officers, sports persons, cine-stars, businessmen, scientists etc - talk about taking responsibility for social issues. The Prime Minister said he sees this as a big change. 
The Prime Minister praised the officers of the Ministry of Human Resource Development for coming up with two innovative schemes for specially-abled children. The first is: one thousand scholarships for specially-abled children to pursue technical education. The second is: a grant of one lakh rupees each to all Kendriya Vidyalayas and all Central Universities for creating appropriate infrastructure for the specially abled. 
The Prime Minister also expressed happiness that sales of Khadi had more than doubled since his last radio address, when he had suggested to people to keep one khadi garment at home. 
The Prime Minister referred to his visit and interaction with soldiers at Siachen on Diwali day. He said he went there because we could celebrate Diwali only because of them. He congratulated the armymen who had recently won the Cambrian Patrol event in Britain, where armies from 140 countries had participated. 
The Prime Minister invited suggestions from people on how to tackle the menace of drug abuse among the younger generation. He said he would talk about this subject in his next radio address. 

BHEL bags contract for Supercritical Thermal Power ProjectBHEL bags contract for Supercritical Thermal Power Project
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 03, 2014 08:13 IST
Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd bagged contract for supply and installation of ESP package for 2x800MW Darlipali Supercritical Thermal Power Project
 
 
Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd has announced that it has bagged contract for supply and installation of ESP package for 2x800MW Darlipali Supercritical Thermal Power Project".
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 20:38 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

NHPC gears up for 3 000 MW hydel power plant in Arunachal PradeshNHPC gears up for 3,000 MW hydel power plant in Arunachal Pradesh
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 03, 2014 11:46 IST
The proposed investment is to the tune of Rs. 15,000-16,000 crore
 
 
Although "one of the largest" hydel power plant at Lower Subansiri continues to be mired in controversy, NHPC is gearing up for India's largest hydel power plant in Dibang, Arunachal Pradesh, with a cumulative capacity of 3,000 MW.
As per media reports, the Forest Advisory Committee for Dibang hydel project in Arunachal Pradesh has already approved the project. NHPC is now waiting for a decision from the Cabinet Committee.
The proposed investment is to the tune of Rs. 15,000-16,000 crore. Owing to the size of the project, the per MW project cost is reduced below the average. Moreover, NHPC is confident that the rehabilitation of the people living in the region will not be a problem, as it is with its other projects.
Despite the fact that Hydroelectric Projects are recognized as the most economic and preferred source of electricity, share of hydropower in the total installed capacity in India has been declining steadily since 1963. The hydro share has declined from 44 percent in 1970 to 16% upto Aug'2014. The ideal hydro-thermal mix should be in the ratio of 40:60 and present imbalance is largely responsible for system instability.In order to reverse the trend and given the renewed thrust on hydropower by the Government, NHPC Limited has drawn up a massive capacity addition plan in hydro sector.
NHPC Limited presently has an installation base of 6507 MW from 21 hydropower stations on ownership basis including projects taken up in Joint Venture. As the new government at the center seems to be creating an environment for the ease of getting regulatory and land clearances, more of such projects are expected to be undertaken by NHPC. 

India HSBC October manufacturing PMI at 51.6India HSBC October manufacturing PMI at 51.6
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 03, 2014 13:24 IST
Amid reports of stronger demand, production at Indian manufacturers rose for the twelfth successive month in October
 
 
Continuing the trend observed throughout the past year, business conditions in the Indian manufacturing sector improved in October. Underpinning the latest overall improvement was accelerated growth of output and new orders. Meanwhile, input costs rose at the weakest pace in 17 months.
Amid reports of stronger demand, production at Indian manufacturers rose for the twelfth successive month in October. Moreover, the pace of output growth accelerated from the prior month and was solid overall.
By sub-sector, the sharpest expansion was observed in intermediate goods.
New business also increased for the twelfth month in a row in October, with panel members attributing the latest expansion to new contract wins and general improvements in demand. Growth of new business was broad-based by sector, with the strongest rise recorded in intermediate goods.
Foreign orders received by Indian manufacturers rose in October, extending the current sequence of growth to 13 months. The rate of expansion accelerated to the most marked in four months and was robust overall.
Surveyed firms generally commented on strengthening demand from key export clients. According to survey respondents, stronger order books fuelled further expansions in purchasing activity and pre-production inventories in October. However, growth of input buying eased to the weakest since May during the month, while the rate of input stock accumulation remained marginal overall.
Meanwhile, stocks of finished goods returned to growth in October, reversing the modest depletion reported in September. That said, the rate at which stock holdings increased was fractional overall.
Levels of employment in the Indian manufacturing sector were broadly stable for the second straight month in October. Fractional job shedding at producers of consumer and investment goods was offset by hiring in intermediate goods.
Finally, inflationary pressures from input costs and output charges remained historically muted in October. Higher prices paid for metals, plastics, paper and textiles & fabrics led to the sixty-seventh consecutive monthly rise in input costs; although the rate of cost inflation slowed to the weakest in 17 months. Similarly, despite accelerating since September, the pace of charge inflation was slight overall. Among the monitored sub-sectors, the only reduction in selling prices occurred in intermediate goods.
Commenting on the India Manufacturing PMI survey, Frederic Neumann, Co-Head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC said: "Manufacturing activity picked up modestly amid stronger output and new order flows, particularly from overseas clients. However, firms continued to trim purchases and refrained from aggressive inventory accumulation. Price pressures declined with input prices easing further. Meanwhile, the improvement in growth allowed firms to raise margins by increasing output prices slightly. This trend could strengthen with growth, which is why the RBI will remain cautious about relaxing its grip at this juncture." 

Lupin receives FDA approval for Generic Celebrex CapsulesLupin receives FDA approval for Generic Celebrex Capsules
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 03, 2014 13:18 IST
Lupin is the 5th largest and fastest growing top 5 generics player in the US.
 
 
Pharma Major Lupin Limited (Lupin) announced that it has received final approval for its Celecoxib Capsules, 50 mg from the United States Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) to market a generic version of G.D. Searle LLC's (a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc.) Celebrex Capsules 50 mg. Lupin also received tentative approvals for its Celecoxib capsules 100 mg, 200 mg and 400 mg strengths from the FDA.
Lupin's Celecoxib Capsules 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg and 400 mg are the AB-rated generic equivalents of G.D.Searle LLC 's Celebrex Capsules 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg and 400mg and are indicated for Osteoarthritis, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis in patients 2 years and older; Ankylosing Spondylitis, and Acute Pain. 
Celebrex Capsules had annual U.S sales of US$ 2.44 billion (IMS MAT June, 2014).
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 20:38 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Maruti Suzuki packs another punch with new Alto K10  India s cheapest  auto  carMaruti Suzuki packs another punch with new Alto K10, India’s cheapest ‘auto’ car
By: fe Bureau |        New Delhi |  November 4, 2014 3:28 pm
Summary
Maruti Suzuki looks to build on Celerio’s success with new Alto K10, priced at Rs 3.80 lakh
Maruti Suzuki launches the cheapest 'auto gear' car in the country, the new Alto K10, priced at Rs 3.80 lakh (AMT variant).
Other Articles
Mercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
Car market leader Maruti Suzuki on Monday launched the cheapest ‘auto gear’ car in the country, the new Alto K10, priced at Rs 3.80 lakh (automated manual transmission variant). The re-designed Alto K10, which offers a more powerful 1,000 cc petrol/CNG engine versus the smaller 800cc engine in the base Alto, now claims 15% higher fuel efficiency (24.07 kmpl) and is priced between R3.06 lakh and R3.81 lakh across six variants.
The Alto K10 would hope to build on the strong success of the Celerio, on which the AMT technology made its local debut, and is now being adopted by Tata Motors for the Zest, Mahindra for the Quanto and Renault for its upcoming small car. For the Celerio, 40% of the 83,000 cars booked since its January launch came for the AMT variant. Aimed at urban buyers, AMT offers the convenience of an automatic gear shift by eliminating gear changes and the clutch, yet is priced at a third of the cost of traditional automatic transmissions. FE had first reported about Maruti’s new Alto K10 on May 7.
Kenichi Ayukawa, Maruti’s MD & CEO, said, “Having won millions of customers we decided to upgrade an already successful car with a full model change that makes Alto K10 taller, wider and roomier. Alto K10 is the third Maruti Suzuki car within few weeks where our suppliers and engineers have improved the fuel efficiency substantially. The Auto Gear Shift with impressive fuel efficiency is another big technology advantage. The Alto K10 will strengthen Maruti Suzuki’s entry level range and get incremental numbers.”
The car gets new styling both on the inside and outside. More aerodynamically designed, the exteriors get bits of chrome and swept-back headlamps. Features include keyless entry, front power windows and a new audio system. The revised 998cc 68PS K-Series petrol engine, which it shares with the Celerio and WagonR, helps it reach 60 kmph within 5.3 seconds. Not only is the engine 15% more fuel efficient, but the CNG version delivers 15% higher fuel economy at 32.36 kmpl, the company claims.
The Alto is the country’s largest selling car for about a decade, with volumes in April-September FY15 up 7% at 1.23 lakh units. Over the same period, Maruti’s total volumes were up 15% at 5.58 lakh units while the overall passenger vehicle market rose 4% to 12.52 lakh units.
The Maruti Suzuki scrip closed down 1.58% to Rs 3,285.60 on on the BSE on Monday.
TAGS: MAruti Alto K10 Maruti Suzuki
More from automobiles

Microsoft partners with Dropbox for file-sha...Microsoft has teamed up with online file-sharing company Dropbox to allow Office software users to manage and share files through Dropbox's website and mobile app.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Microsoft Corp said it teamed up with online file-sharing company Dropbox Inc to allow Office software users to manage and share files through Dropbox's website and mobile app .
Microsoft said the functionality would be included in the next updates to the Office mobile apps, to be rolled out in the next few weeks, and online accessibility would be available in the first half of 2015.
Microsoft already has a file-sharing service called OneDrive , but partnering with Dropbox will allow it to tap more than 200 million users of the Silicon Valley startup's services.

Silicon Valley start-up develops intelligent sound system for iPhonesSilicon Valley start-up develops intelligent sound system for iPhones
LN Revathy
SoundFocus’ Amp case enhances audio quality of music, videos, calls
Coimbatore, November 4:  
Worried about attending a call in a noisy environment? Well, if you have an iPhone, you no longer need to, thanks to the Amp case.
Launched by SoundFocus, a Silicon Valley-headquartered start-up, this case, say the company’s founders Varun Srinivasan and Alex Selig, is a personalised audio product that will usher in a new era of sound on mobile devices.
“Amp is an intelligent sound system in a case that slides on to your smartphone. It uses a sophisticated audio engine and two high quality speakers to deliver not merely the voice clearly, but also vibrant music and immersive sound for videos, movies and more,” said Varun Srinivasan, Head of Engineering at SoundFocus.
“Amp’s audio architecture is complete with an ARM M4 processor, 24-bit digital-to-analog converter and a headphone amplifier. It provides seven hours of audio playback through the speakers or 20 hours from headphones. In addition, it increases the smartphone’s battery life by over 25 per cent,” he added.
Eyeing India
The company now wants to introduce Amp in India. “The Amp case will be available for iPhone 5 and 5S, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus,” said Srinivasan. The youngster, who hails from Coimbatore, graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in the US, and worked as a Technical Program Manager at Microsoft for three years before starting Sound Focus with his friend Alex Selig.
The duo combined the technology behind hearing aids and professional audio production to develop the case. “The Amp case uses an audio test that creates a fingerprint of a user’s hearing pattern and listening preferences, so all sound from the phone is tailored specifically for the user and not the masses,” said Selig, CEO of SoundFocus.
The company, according to its founders, was handpicked and funded by Y Combinator, an incubator of Silicon Valley start-ups, and also funded by investors such as Kapor Capital, Vegas Tech Fund, OVO Fund, RTA Capital and August Capital Partners of Singapore, to the tune of $2.5 million.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Starbucks expects India to be among its top ...You are here: Home > Collections
Starbucks expects India to be among its top five markets
Shambhavi Anand & Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.26PM IST
Tags:
American coffee chain
(Tata Starbucks, a 50:50…)
NEW DELHI: Starbucks Coffee, the world's largest coffeehouse chain, expects India to be among its top five markets as it looks to continue expanding its operations in the country. "India is a strategic market and one day it will be among our top five markets," said John Culver , group president , Starbucks China and Asia Pacific, who was in India to mark the Seattle-based company's two years in operations in the country.
"We are very optimistic about the market in India where the response has been tremendous for the last two years," Culver told ET.
Besides expanding its presence in the country, Starbucks also plans to export locally sourced coffee to select stores in other Asian countries and sell it online in the United States. The coffee, known as the 'Indian Estates Blend' coffee, was launched last year on the completion of the brand's one year in the country.
Tata Starbucks Ltd, a 50:50 joint venture between Starbucks and Tata Global Beverages , currently operate 59 stores in six cities including Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru, Chennai and Hyderabad. It has 1,000 employees.
In 2012, the joint venture said it will earmark $80 million initial investment to open 50 stores in the country.
Culver declined to comment on future investment and the number of stores it plans to open, but said India is a longterm market for Starbucks.
India's coffee retailing market is estimated at more than Rs 1,700 crore and is growing over 20% a year. Established players in the market include Cafe Coffee Day, Barista and Costa Coffee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Britain  France  US ask UN to blacklist Libyas Ansaral-ShariaBritain, US and France proposed to the UN that Islamist extremist group Ansar al-Sharia in Libya be blacklisted.
By: Reuters | United Nations | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:47 am
Britain, the United States and France have proposed that Islamist extremist group Ansar al-Sharia in Libya be blacklisted under the United Nations al Qaeda sanctions regime, diplomats said on Tuesday, speaking on condition of anonymity.
If all 15 members of the UN Security Council’s al Qaeda sanctions committee agree, the group will be added to the list on November 19 and subjected to an arms embargo and a global travel ban and asset freeze, the diplomats said.
Ansar al-Sharia is blamed by Washington for a 2012 attack on the former US consulate in the city of Benghazi that killed the American ambassador.
Western powers worry that Libya is heading towards civil war as authorities are too weak to control former rebels who helped oust Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 but now defy state authority to grab power and a share of oil revenues.
Libya is divided between rival tribes and political factions with two governments vying for legitimacy since an armed group from the western city of Misrata seized Tripoli in August, forcing the internationally recognized Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni to move east.

Edit: Delhi should not dither over pollsSearch for:
Delhi should not dither over polls
November 5, 2014, 4:28 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | Delhi , Edit Page , Times View | ET
6
After nearly nine months of dither, all parties have decided to go back to the people, for a majority in Delhi’s 70 member House. In polls held last December, no party won a decisive majority: the BJP won the largest number of seats, but Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), won 28 seats on its debut and formed the government with the support of the Congress. Probably dazzled by this victory, Kejriwal aspired to national supremacy and quit office in February, after only 49 days in charge as chief minister, to campaign for the Lok Sabha. In the months since then, there have been charges of horse trading, bribery and so on, as the Delhi BJP tried to cobble a government together. But surprisingly, the volatile AAP and the depleted Congress largely held their flock together. The decision to hold polls is welcome . They must be held at the earliest, along with those in Jharkhand.
With the President’s assent to elections in Delhi, the Election Commission can dispense with its order to hold by-elections in three assembly seats that fell vacant when their occupants successfully fought Lok Sabha polls earlier this year. From November last year, when assembly polls were announced till today, Delhi has descended into chaos: constantly in election-mode since then, Delhi has been under the poll model code of conduct for almost a year. No major policy decision or project can be announced with the Model Code in force.
Administrative graft, police and municipal rot and bureaucratic sloth have gone up. From Trilokpuri to Bawana, Hindu-Muslim communal riots have started escalating. The only way Delhi’s administrative decay will stop is to have in place an elected government, answerable to the people. Delhi has held its breath for nearly a year. Now, hold elections.
This piece appeared as an editorial opinion in the print edition of The Economic Times.
Characters Remaining: 3000

US: Kidnapping suspect appears in Los AngelescourtThe FBI says a Seattle man charged with kidnapping his 9-year-old son and fleeing with him on his sailboat is now in the United States.
By: Associated Press | Los Angeles | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:03 am
The FBI says a Seattle man charged with kidnapping his 9-year-old son and fleeing with him on his sailboat is now in the United States.
Emily Langlie, a spokeswoman for the US attorney’s office, says 46-year-old Jeffrey Ford Hanson appeared in a Los Angeles courtroom Monday afternoon and was ordered detained.
She says Hanson will be transported to Seattle for the next hearings in the case.
A US federal arrest warrant was issued for Hanson on Sept. 12 after they believed he’d sailed away with his son, who had been last seen August 28.
The FBI and Seattle police worked with local, state, federal and international partners to locate Billy Hanson.
The boy was found by authorities in Niue, an island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean.

Nexus 6 might come to India in a fortnight  to start at around Rs40 000Google Nexus 6 has already been listed on Flipkart
Written by Debashis Sarkar | Taipei | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:40 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 4:56 pm
The next Nexus smartphone made by Motorola ( a Lenovo company now ) might be launched on November 18 in India.
It has been reliably learnt that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be available by the first week of December and there is a strong possibility that the new Nexus smartphone will be launched with a fortnight in the country. It has already been reported that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be launched in the country in the first wave itself.
The Nexus 6 smartphone will be priced around Rs 40,000 for the 32 GB version. The 64 GB variant will be priced around Rs 45,000. The Nexus 6 32GB has been already listed on Flipkart as ‘coming soon’. It seems the smartphone will be sold on Flipkart and Google Play only as of now.
We got to play with the phone at Google’s annual Asia-Pacific press event at Taipei, Taiwan. At first glance, the Nexus 6 looks like a larger version of the new Moto X smartphone. It features a 6-inch quad HD display. Despite the 6-inch screen, the Nexus 6 doesn’t compromise much on one-handed operability. It never gives the user the feel that the device is big to hold.
On the hardware front, the Nexus 6 runs on a 2.7 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 805 processor with the Adreno 420 GPU and 3 GB RAM. Running the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop OS, the smartphone sports a 13 MP rear camera and has a 2 MP front camera. Powered by a 3220 mAh battery, the Nexus 6 comes with Bluetooth 4.1, WiFi, NFC and supports 4K video playback.

Hindus help Muharram processions in Delhi s Trilokpuri and BawanaHindus help Muharram processions in Trilokpuri
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 01:08 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 10:32 IST(5/11/2014)
Refreshment stalls set up by Hindus in Trilokpuri and Bawana marked the Muharram procession that took place under heavy police deployment on Tuesday.
 
More than 5,000 police officers were deployed across the city to keep things under check.
After Muslims in riot-hit Trilokpuri pledged to guard ‘Jagrans’ last Friday, a similar scenario was repeated by Hindus who not only provided water for those participating in the procession, but also led it to make sure no untoward incident occurred.
There were rumours of communal discord but all such reports were trashed on Tuesday as Muslims and Hindus alike took part in the procession showcasing the communal unity in both areas of the Capital.
“The Hindus set up the water stalls at regular intervals and more than 100 youth had voluntarily come forward to make sure that no ill-happenings were reported in the area,” said Sanjay Baniwal, joint commissioner of police (eastern range).
While communal tension had  led to violent riots in Trilokpuri during Diwali, there was an uneasy calm in outer Delhi’s Bawana after locals objected to the route of the Muharram procession and held a mahapanchayat.
 
“Nobody wants a tag of riot-prone-area to be attached with their neighbourhood. The area has had a bad reputation since 1984 and before it could move out of that shadow, this happened. We are small time businessmen and can’t have curfew like situations for such a long time,” said Jag Mohan Kumar, a tea stall owner in Trilokpuri.
Taking precautionary measures, Delhi police beefed up the security at both the locations and also deployed Drones (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles) to maintain overhead parameter.
“Steps have been taken to prevent any untoward incident, we have been on job for many days and will continue deploy forces until things pass off peacefully. We are seeking support from locals to prevent rumours and have also have met local leaders, said RS Krishnia, joint commissioner of police (northern range).
The police, however also detained many outsiders in Bawana as a preventive measure. The list of those detained included students from Jawahar Lal Nehru University who, the police claimed, were trying to politicise the event. They were let off after the procession, the police added.

Moody s says Bharti Airtel Q2 numbers credit positiveYou are here: Home > Collections
Moody's says Bharti Airtel Q2 numbers credit positive
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 09.59PM IST
Tags:
Annalisa Di Chiara
(Bharti Airtel's total…)
MUMBAI: Global rating agency Moody's today said the second quarter earnings of Bharti Airtel are credit positive while suggesting the company reduce its consolidated adjusted debt/Ebitda to below 2 times.
"The rating (Baa3) outlook is stable based on the expectation that Bharti will continue to grow its core Indian and African wireless businesses and the Group will continue to deleverage on both on absolute and relative basis," Moody's said, adding the rating may see upward pressure should the company's overall credit profile continue to improve.
"Credit metrics for first half of year (FY15) remain broadly in line with our expectations with Bharti maintaining strong momentum in its domestic mobile business," Moody's Vice -President and Senior Analyst Annalisa Di Chiara said.
Last week, the country's largest telcom services provider reported a near three-fold surge in net profit at Rs 1,383 crore, driven by growth in data revenue.
Bharti Airtel's total revenue rose 7.1 per cent to Rs 22,845 crore in Q2, boosted by a consolidated mobile data revenue of Rs 2,540 crore (up 66.7% Y-o-Y), contributing more than two-thirds of the incremental revenues.
Mobile data traffic grew significantly by 94.6 per cent to 78.1 billion MBs during Q2 from 40.1 billion MBs in the same quarter last year. Bharti said mobile data revenues now represent 11.1 per cent of the total topline as compared to 7.1 per cent in the corresponding quarter last year.
"We would like to see Bharti reduce consolidated adjusted debt/Ebitda to below 2 times and consolidated adjusted free cash-flow to debt to exceed 10 per cent," the rating agency said.
Moody's said it would also like to see a track-record that shows some of its key markets outside India like Nigeria demonstrate the ability to upstream cash flows to Bharti, while the operating performance of those subsidiaries remains solid.
"Downward pressure on rating could arise should competition intensify in any of its key markets, but particularly for the domestic wireless business, or its key operations and/or subsidiaries report materially declining margins, or Bharti fails to continue with its deleveraging strategy," Moody's said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Watch Live NBC News Election Night Special With Brian WilliamsThe races listed below are editorially selected key races from around the country. To find results from other states, use the "state results" menu at the top of this page.
DDemocratic

Express 5: Bombers vow revenge against PM Narendra Modi; Omar on possible post-poll tie-up withBJPPrint
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 9:21 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 9:24 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Threat to PM Modi
Retreat ceremony at Wagah border on Tuesday.
The terrorist group that carried out Sunday’s murderous suicide bombing at Wagah has followed it up with a threat to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Read: Wagah suicide attack: Bombers vow ‘revenge’ against Prime Minister Narendra Modi
2. 1984 Anti-Sikh Riots
The riots had gone on for three days before J S Nanra, then vice president of the Delhi Medical Association, gathered the courage to step out of his Kirti Nagar house.
3. Let the people decide
Abdullah said that “we are still far away from a BJP government in J&K”.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Tuesday said that the possibility of a post-poll alliance between National Conference and BJP to form a government was a “hypothetical question”
Read: Will wait and watch: Omar on possible post-poll tie-up with BJP
4. Opinion
The fidayeen attack near the Wagah border conveys two things: those who have vowed to give their life for jihad do not want normalisation of relations and after the withdrawal of American troops from Afghanistan, they want the fidayeen’s writ to run.
Read: Target Wagah
5. Sports
Delhi coach Harm van Veldhoven has looked to conserve Del Piero (left) for the latter part of the tournament. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Waskar)
Alessandro del Piero stepped on to the DY Patil Stadium turf doing what he does the best — juggling, dribbling and deceiving opponents. But instead of his feet, the Italian indulged in showing off his basketball skills; his swift hand movements matching his nimble-footedness with the ball.

Reforms not instant coffee  govt on right pa...Narendra Modi government has taken right path to reform, says World Economic Forum's MD Philipp Rosler
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
India Economic summit
(India’s economy grew…)
NEW DELHI: The government's approach to reform can help set the economy on a high-growth trajectory, World Economic Forum managing director Philipp Rosler has said. "There is lot of optimism around the new government. It has a strategic vision, not just from economic point of view but overall society point of view-...They have taken the right approach to reform," Rosler told ET on the eve of the two-day India Economic Summit that begins in Delhi Wednesday. "We now see a new engagement, a new hope, not just inside India but also outside among investors."
Rosler said the forum is receiving queries on its reports on India and it's a sign of the enthusiasm among foreign investors. He said the "standstill" like sentiment about India that prevailed before the elections, has turned around.
India's economy grew at 5.7 per cent in the April-June period, the fastest quarterly growth in over two years, bolstering hopes that the measures announced by the Narendra Modi-led government will auger well for the country.
Although several experts have questioned the lack of so-called big reforms, Rosler said the government has demonstrated that it has a long-term approach to reforms with some very "good reform ideas". Rosler, who has experience in politics, economics and health, said the country's GDP growth forecast has been lifted and this shows that right decisions have been made.
"Reforms are not instant coffee... You cannot achieve everything in one month or one year," he said. "The new government has shown that they have a long term vision and wants to go step by step.
It is much more realistic than promise everything and achieve nothing," said Rosler, a trained medical specialist who has been Federal Minister of Economics and Technology of Germany and also served as vice-chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The Modi government has rolled out some key reforms, including diesel deregulation, allowing private participation in coal mining, liberalising the foreign direct investment regime and changes in labour laws. It has also unveiled initiatives to turn around country's manufacturing sector through its "Make in India" programme. This follows a period of diminishing foreign investor interest because of what was widely termed as policy paralysis under the previous UPA government .
Rosler identified sound fiscal policy, infrastructure reforms including new financing instruments, education and vocational training, raising agricultural productivity, boost to manufacturing, cutting red tape and a fast lane for investors as things the government should pursue. He said focus should be on institution building.
He endorsed Modi's "Make in India" initiative, saying it could boost growth. "Make in India is a good initiative...You can leap frog in manufacturing by use of technology... You just sent a satellite to space and it is a technology that only a few countries have," Rosler said, referring to India's Mars Orbiter mission .
About the response to the summit, Rossler said it continues to remain relevant as the idea is not just to create communities. "We have all stakeholders—business, politicians, academia, social sector. I think it is important to give a vision to them," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US polls: Republicans move closer to capturing SenateAs millions of Americans voted Tuesday in 2014 mid-term elections, Republicans appeared close to taking the Senate, while retaining control of the House of Representatives.
But a clear result may take days coming, warned experts.
Republicans need a net gain of six seats to claim the senate, and they probably will — Fivethirtyeight, the pollster that has yet to get an election wrong, has put their chances at 76%.
They are widely expected to retain control of the House.
Over 200 million Americans are eligible to vote, but only 146 million of them have registered to vote, and 64% of them voted in the 2012 presidential election.
Turnout has been historically lower for mid-terms.
On the ballot are all 435 voting seats of the House of Representatives, 36 of the 100 Senate seats and 36 of the 50 governorships.
There are five Indian Americans in the race — Ami Bera (seeking second term), Ro Khanna and Manan Trivedi for the House; Nikki Haley is seeking another term as governor in South Carolina and Neel Kashkari his first as governor of California. Though President Barack Obama is not on the ballot, his policies are. And some Democrats have sought to distance themselves from him because of his plunging popularity.
All eyes are on the battle for the Senate, and the three contests could potentially delay the outcome no matter how inevitable they may seem, according to polls and pundits. Louisiana and Georgia, where Republican and Democratic candidates are in close fights, require winners to get more than 50% of the votes, else they go back to polls, called run-offs.
And that may take a few days.
The third contest, in Kansas, has an independent, Greg Orman, leading the Republican incumbent, Senator Pat Robert. If Orman wins, he will have to announce who he will caucus with.
Independents can chose to work with — called “caucus with” — with either party. Independent senator Angus S King, for instance, caucuses with Democrats in this senate. And Orman’s call, if he takes time, could delay the count.
There are many other factors being weighed by experts and pundits as polling opened. Can Democrats, for instance, stop the Republican rampage by cranking up their turnout?

Kolkata port on high alert over possible terror attackKolkata port on high alert after terror threat
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Kolkata/ New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 19:57 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:44 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Security forces in Kolkata are on high alert following a central intelligence warning that the city’s port may be the target of an attack by militants posing as fishermen, home ministry officials told HT on Tuesday.
Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) headquarters in Delhi alerted top West Bengal and Kolkata police officials on Monday through an email, cautioning them of a possible attack on the port by Pakistani navy-backed terrorists.
 
The Indian navy moved two warships — INS Khukri and INS Sumitra — out of the port after receiving the alert and increased patrolling in the sea. The ships were supposed to be open to the public on Wednesday and Thursday.
 
The alert came after Pakistani security forces foiled an attempt by al-Qaeda militants to capture a Pakistani frigate at Karachi in September. The militants aimed to use the ship to attack Indian and American vessels in the Indian Ocean.
 
“We came to know about the alert from the CISF,” said deputy commissioner of police (port division) Imran Wahab. “We had a meeting late into the night and Indian navy officers were also present.”
Sources said security agencies intercepted conversations about targeting Indian naval assets at Kolkata and swung into action, in part, because of September’s Karachi attack.
“Marine patrolling at the India-Bangladesh sea border in the Bay of Bengal has been enhanced in view of the alert,” said commodore Ravi Ahluwalia. “We have electronic surveillance on seagoing vessels, especially the fishing trawlers plying in the region.”
According to the alert, terrorists are likely to enter Indian waters posing as fishermen and are backed by Pakistan marines, an elite marine commando unit of the Pakistani navy.
“Intelligence inputs were promptly shared with port authorities, navy, coast guard, Kolkata police and other counter terror agencies and they have been asked to remain on high alert,” a Union home ministry official said.
Security sources said al-Qaeda’s new wing for India and Pakistan may be responsible for Sunday’s suicide attack on the Pakistani side at the Wagah border that killed over 60 people, and militants might carry out similar attacks in India.

Sensex rallies 100 pts  hits record high; ICICI  TCS top gainersSensex rallies over 100 points, hits fresh record high; ICICI Bank, TCS top gainers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 09.23AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 111 points in trade on Wednesday to hit its fresh record high of 27971.83, led by gains in ICICI Bank , TCS and Sun Pharma Ltd.
The rates on 50-share Nifty index remained unchanged.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27919.68, up 60 points or 0.21 per cent. It touched a high of 27,971.83 and a low of 27,907.19 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.60 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.66 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 1.5 per cent), BHEL (up 1.2 per cent), Tata Power (up 0.86 per cent), L&T (up 0.77 per cent) and Bajaj Auto (up 0.81 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Coal India (down 0.64 per cent), Tata Steel (down 0.54 per cent), Tata Motors (down 0.28 per cent), Hindalco (down 0.2 per cent) and Bharti Airtel (down 0.2 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex 28 000 for First Time  Nifty Above 8 350You are here: Home Market
Sensex Hits Record High, Inches Closer to 28,000
NDTV | Updated On: November 05, 2014 09:46 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
BSE Sensex hit a new high for the fourth consecutive session, buoyed by growing optimism about Indian economy. The announcement of stimulus measures from Bank of Japan on Friday also boosted the sentiment.
Analysts say that the measures from the Bank of Japan will attract more foreign inflows from the overseas investors. A slowing of inflation and the fall in global oil prices have raised the sentiment about Indian economy. The price of Brent crude fell to lowest level in nearly four years. This will in the government's efforts to keep fiscal deficit within target by reducing its subsidy burden.
Indian markets have seen renewed buying from foreign investors after some selling in early part of October. Foreign portfolio investors have bought Indian shares worth $13.45 billion so far this year.
Sensex rose nearly 100 points to 27,971.83, a new high.
Most of the Asian markets were lower today amid renewed concerns over global growth.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 09:46 (IST)

S&P 500  Nasdaq Slip; Falling Oil Prices Weigh on EnergyYou are here: Home Market
S&P 500, Nasdaq Slip; Falling Oil Prices Weigh on Energy
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 07:34 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New York: The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended lower on Tuesday as another big drop in oil prices dragged down energy shares and Priceline's earnings forecast disappointed.
The S&P 500 energy sector fell 1.9 per cent, extending the group's recent drop, the Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF dropped 2.1 per cent, and Chevron Corp eased 1.2 per cent to $115.37.
The Dow ended slightly higher, although it was unable to break through Friday's record close. While the market has bounced back strongly from its recent selloff, the energy sector remains under pressure from plunging oil prices.
The price of US crude oil hit its lowest in three years after Saudi Arabia cut sales prices to the United States. Crude settled down $1.59 at $77.19 after reaching the lowest intraday price since October 2011 in the morning.
Adding to worries about global demand, the European Commission said the euro zone will need another year to reach even modest economic growth. A Reuters report said central bankers in the euro zone plan to challenge European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's leadership style.
"Eventually, a slowdown in Europe could affect large US companies. So far, we have not seen much influence, at least in earnings reports. Next quarter could really be indicative of whether a slowdown in Europe is actually having an effect here," said Bryant Evans, portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management in Champaign, Illinois.
Among other top negative influences, Priceline Group Inc shares dropped 8.4 per cent to $1,097.70, one of the largest percentage decliners on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, after it forecast quarterly earnings below Wall Street's expectations.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 17.6 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 17,383.84, the S&P 500 lost 5.71 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 2,012.1 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 15.27 points, or 0.33 per cent, to 4,623.64.
The Dow Jones transportation average rose 0.4 per cent and posted another record high close.
The session closed with all eyes on today's US elections, where a handful of Senate races could hold the key to whether the stock market glides through the year-end in a typical post-midterm election rally or gets hit with a fresh bout of volatility.
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd rose 4.3 per cent to $106.07 on massive volume after the Chinese e-commerce company reported its first quarterly results as a public company, posting revenue growth of 53.7 per cent.
The company is one of the largest in the world, but its rise did not directly translate to major indexes as it is not a component of the Dow or S&P 500 and is not traded on the Nasdaq.
Among the day's other big decliners, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc lost 5.8 per cent to $372.39 after it cut the top end of its full-year sales outlook for its blockbuster eye drug. But the company also said it is consulting with government agencies to see if its technology might be used to fight Ebola.
After the bell, shares of TripAdvisor dropped 13.9 per cent to $72.08 following the release of its results.
During the regular session, about 7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, compared with the 7.3 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,837 to 1,231, for a 1.49-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,530 issues fell and 1,148 advanced for a 1.33-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 07:31 (IST)

The Republicans Will Gain Control of the SenateSOON: LIVE REPORT - New College Football Playoff Process Begins
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Associated General Trading Society standalone net profit rises 2800.00% in the September 2014 quarterAssociated General Trading Society standalone net profit rises 2800.00% in the September 2014 quarter
Arihant Tournesol reports standalone net loss of Rs 0.04 crore in the September 2014 quarterArihant Tournesol reports standalone net loss of Rs 0.04 crore in the September 2014 quarter
Wagah Blast Terror Group Threatens PM Modi  Says Attack Message to India  PakistWagah Blast Terror Group Threatens PM Modi  Says Attack Message to India  Pakist
Brent extends losses below $83 on weak China data  supply glutBrent extends losses below $83 on weak China data  supply glut
HOV Services: Updates on merger transaction-SourceHOVHOV Services: Updates on merger transaction-SourceHOV
Banking sector m-cap seen emerging as most valuableBanking sector m-cap seen emerging as most valuable
Republicans on verge of Senate controlRecriminations fly over Democrat defeat
Richard McGregor and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4acbf180-6482-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India to grow at 6.4% in FY 16: WBSave this video
Copy URL
World Bank’s Country Director for India Onno Ruhl has lauded the reforms process and says that softening of the oil prices and strong growth in the US will help boost India’s growth. Ruhl, however, maintains that the Middle-East and Europe could pose risks to India’s growth.
39

Samsung unveils Galaxy A3  Galaxy A5 in ChinaSamsung unveils Galaxy A3, Galaxy A5 in China to reclaim market share
Se Young Lee     Seoul   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 11:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Samsung Electronics, the South Korean technology giant unveiled in China two new mid-tier handsets with a premium design as it prepared to deliver a riposte to its low-priced Chinese rivals and reclaim its title as the top brand in the world's biggest smartphone market.
The Galaxy A3 and A5 will be Samsung's first devices to feature fully metal bodies and are the tech major's slimmest smartphones to date. In size, the new models are comparable to those of the top-of-the-line Galaxy S5, though of lesser screen resolution quality.
Samsung said on Friday that it would start selling the Galaxy A3 and A5 in China in November. It classified the phones as mid-tier, and said they would be launched in other "select markets", without disclosing the pricing.
The announcement, combined with hopes for an earnings recovery and bigger dividends, pushed the South Korean conglomerates's shares to a two-month high in Seoul in mid-day trade on Friday.
The news comes a day after Samsung reported its worst quarterly operating profit in more than three years. Earnings from its handset division slumped 73.9 per cent from the previous year.
The tech company said its responses to "rapid shifts in the competitive landscape" were not quick enough. It vowed to revamp its offerings.
"For our mid to low-end smartphones we will enhance product competitiveness by differentiating our displays and materials as well as upgrading camera functionality," Senior Vice President Kim Hyun-joon told analysts on Thursday.
Samsung, which is the world's smartphone leader, is regrouping as it lost market share in annual terms for the third straight quarter in July-September, according to Strategy Analytics.
It has been beaten by Apple's iPhones in the premium segment and undercut by Chinese rivals like Lenovo and Xiaomi at the bottom end.
Samsung will likely accept lower margins going forward to preserve market share and growth volume, analysts said. But most do not expect a firm recovery until mid-2015 at the earliest.
"A lineup change is a costly process, just like re-doing your home interior design," said KTB Investment analyst Jin Sung-hye.
(Reuters)

Google kickstarts Indian Language Internet Alliance  focus first on HindiAmit Singhal, Prakash Javadekar and Rajan Anandan at the launch of the Indian Langauge Internet Alliance in New Delhi. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:27 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 9:54 pm
Google on Monday roped in an array of partners to usher in the Indian Language Internet Alliance, a new platform to offer better content and technology for the Hindi speaking population. The search giant also announced the launch of the Hindi voice search in the country.
With most of the 200 million-odd English speakers already online, the growth of Internet in India will depend on lowering the entry barriers for the rest of the population. “To reach to our goal of 500 million Internet users by 2017 we need to make the Internet accessible to those who don’t speak English,” said Google India MD Rajan Anandan. He said most of the 5 million Internet users being added everyday are on the mobile and not all of them speak English. As a measure of the lack of Hindi content in the country, he said there were just 22,000 Wikipedia entries in the language while 400 million people spoke the language.
Inaugurating the initiative, Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar said he was confident that this can change the technology landscape of the country. “ We are very adaptive and have accepted new technology and techniques, be it in the farm or our workplace. It just has to be easy,” he said.
Google voice search is now in Hindi too.
The Alliance will work together to accelerate building Indic language content for the hundreds of millions of first-time web users in Indian. To make life more simple for them, Google voice search now understands and gives results in Hindi too. Launching the service, Amit Singhal, Google’s Senior Vice President of Search, said it will benefit people like his mother who understand English but would be more comfortable using their native tongue. “Google is not a company that caters only to the English speaking crowd. We are truly a global company and feel a sense of responsibility to every Internet user in the world,” said Singhal who was responsible for rewriting most of Google’s search algorithm.
Amit Singhal, Google’s Senior Vice President of Search, is originally from Uttar Pradesh.
The company also launched a new Hindi keyboard as well as a bunch of open source fonts in the Language. Singhal said the learning from rolling out the Hindi voice search would be used to fine tuning the offering in other Indian languages later on.

Stock markets closed today on account of MuharramStock markets closed today on account of Muharram
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 11:54 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the National Stock Exchange (NSE), forex, money markets, oilseeds and copra markets will remain closed on Monday on account of 'Muharram'.
However, bullion, sugar, metal, cotton and grains will remain open as usual.
On Monday, the BSE Sensex closed at 27,860.38 while NSE Nifty ended at 8,324.15.

Delhi heads for fresh polls as BJP refuses to form govtDelhi heads for polls as BJP refuses to form government
ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
AAP
(The SC, acting on an AAP petition,…)
NEW DELHI: Eight months after Arvind Kejriwal quit as chief minister ending his eventful 49-day reign, Delhi seemed headed for fresh polls on Monday with all three major parties — BJP, AAP and Congress — conveying to Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung their inability to form a government.
Jung met with leaders of the three parties independently, and sources said with dissolution of the House being the only option in front of L-G, the state could go to polls around February 2015.
The Supreme Court , acting on an AAP petition, had recently pulled up Jung and given him time till November 11 to explore the possibility of forming a new government.
On Monday evening, BJP Delhi unit chief Satish Upadhyay and MLA Jagdish Mukhi were the first to meet Jung.
Upadhyay and Mukhi expressed BJP's inability to form a government as the party has only 28 MLAs and the support of the lone Akali Dal legislator. Even if the party wins the three byelections that have been announced, it will not cross the half-way mark of 35 in the 70-member Assembly.
Aam Aadmi Party's Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia also met L-G and reiterated their party's stand that the state assembly should be dissolved immediately as there appeared to be no possibility of formation of a government in Delhi.
L-G's office issued a press statement immediately after consulting all the three parties, saying none of them was in a position to form a government, and that Jung will send a report to President Pranab Mukherjee .
Before meeting L-G, Kejriwal kicked up a storm when he alleged that Jung had already met BJP leaders informally earlier in the day. However, BJP leaders denied this.
"BJP has conveyed 'informally' to L-G and media that they are not in a position to form government in Delhi. What is BJP's 'formal' stand?" Kejriwal tweeted.
In a statement issued later, BJP's Upadhyay said his party will never indulge in horse trading to form a government. Senior BJP leaders Rajnath Singh, M Venkaiah Naidu and Harsh Vardhan have all maintained that the party should go for fresh elections.
Sources said Jung is likely to meet the President on Tuesday and recommend dissolution of the House. Fresh elections will have to be held within six months of the dissolution, as per rules.
The bypolls announced for Tughlaqabad, Krishna Nagar and Mehrauli seats of Delhi are likely to be cancelled as soon as the House is dissolved.
According to Election Commission of India sources, the byelections can be cancelled even if L-G dissolves the Assembly a day before polling on November 25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi  Amit Shah favoured stand to not form govt in Delhi: BJPAAP
(It was PM Modi and Amit Shah's…)
NEW DELHI: It was Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah's decision to reject the possibility of government formation in Delhi as the party does not have the requisite numbers and their city unit chief Satish Upadhyay was asked to convey the same to the Lt Governor.
The decision was taken by the BJP top brass after consultations even as there was speculation that it could go ahead with government formation by obtaining the support of some Independent MLAs, amongst others.
Sources said that the BJP brass was convinced that since it does not have the numbers to form a stable government, it would be best to reject the offer of forming one.
Buoyed by BJP's recent successes in Maharashtra and Haryana, party leaders felt that seeking a fresh mandate was the best option in Delhi as it believes in playing clean politics and not indulging in any kind of "cheap" tactics and horse-trading.
"We do not believe in cheap politics. We do not have the numbers to form a government in Delhi. We will go by the decision of the LG and hope to form a government with a full majority," said BJP's national secretary Shrikant Sharma.
Delhi tonight appeared headed for Assembly polls after BJP, AAP and Congress told Lt Governor Najeeb Jung that they were not for the formation of a new government here while seeking a fresh mandate for ending the eight-month-long political uncertainty in the national capital.
Indications are that Jung, who met leaders of the three political parties, may send his recommendation to the President for dissolving the Assembly any time.
Sharma claimed that the party has not changed its stand on government formation ever since the Assembly polls last year.
He recalled that when the LG had invited BJP to form the government after the Assembly polls, the party had rejected the offer on the grounds that it did not have the numbers.
"Our stand continues to be the same which it was after the Assembly polls," he said, adding that, as and when the polls are held, BJP will form a government on its own to provide good and effective governance in Delhi.
He said it was after BJP rejected the LG's offer that AAP's Arvind Kejriwal formed an "unstable 49-day government" with the help of Congress, whom it had been attacking ahead of the polls for being corrupt.
"Kejriwal ran away from Delhi leaving a vacuum in the capital, after which President's Rule was imposed," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

World Trade Center reopensNEW YORK, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 14:23 IST
World Trade Center reopens
AP Publishing giant Conde Nast will start moving on Monday into One World Trade Center, a 104-story, $3.9 billion skyscraper that dominates the Manhattan skyline. File Photo
AP
USA
It is America’s tallest building.
Thirteen years after the 9/11 terrorist attack , the resurrected World Trade Center is again opening for business marking an emotional milestone for both New Yorkers and the United States as a whole.
Publishing giant Conde Nast will start moving on Monday into One World Trade Center, a 104-story, $3.9 billion skyscraper that dominates the Manhattan skyline. It is America’s tallest building. It’s the centerpiece of the 16-acre site where the decimated twin towers once stood and where more than 2,700 people died on Sept. 11, 2001, buried under smoking mounds of fiery debris.
“The New York City skyline is whole again, as One World Trade Center takes its place in Lower Manhattan,” said Patrick Foye, executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey that owns both the building and the World Trade Center site.
With construction fences gone and boxes of office equipment in place, Conde Nast CEO Chuck Townsend planned to walk on Monday into what Foye calls “the most secure office building in America.”
Only about 170 of his company’s 3,400 employees are moving in now, filling five floors of the tower, said Patricia Rockenwagner, a Conde Nast vice president and spokeswoman. About 3,000 more will arrive by early 2015.
The building is 60-percent leased, with another 80,000 square feet going to the advertising firm Kids Creative, the stadium operator Legends Hospitality, the BMB Group investment adviser, and Servcorp, a provider of executive offices.
T.J. Gottesdiener of the Skidmore, Owings & Merrill firm that produced the final design told The Associated Press that the high—rise was built with steel—reinforced concrete that makes it as terror attack—proof as possible.
“We did it, we finally did it,” he said.

Rajan may cut interest ratesSave this video
Copy URL
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may have ignored the overwhelming demand for an interest rate cut at the last meeting of the monetary policy Technical Advisory Committee, but he may find it difficult do so next month ahead of the December 2 policy announcement.
61

Chappell denies Tendulkar s allegationsChappell denies Tendulkar allegations
"We enjoyed a pleasant afternoon together but the subject of captaincy was never raised," says the 'ringmaster'.
By News Desk | Yahoo! Cricket –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014 11:51 AM IST
Tweet
0
The ghost of Greg Chappell's Indian coaching stint refuses to vanish. After maestro Sachin Tendulkar on Monday disclosed the Aussie's autocratic and authoritarian nature in excerpts of his soon-to-be-released autobiography, Chappell on Tuesday denied allegations that he had ever tried to incite Tendulkar into displacing Rahul Dravid as India captain in 2007.
Not the best of buddies."The claims made in Sachin's new book were brought to my attention earlier today. Whilst I don't propose to get into a war of words, I can state quite clearly that during my time as Indian coach I never contemplated Sachin replacing Rahul Dravid as captain," Chappell told an Australian website.
"I was therefore very surprised to read the claims made in the book. During those years, I only ever visited Sachin’s home once, and that was with our physio and assistant coach during Sachin’s rehabilitation from injury, at least 12 months earlier than what was reported in the book.
"We enjoyed a pleasant afternoon together but the subject of captaincy was never raised," he added.
Tendulkar has revealed in his autobiography that Chappell tried to lure him into taking charge Indian cricket when he said, "Together, we could control Indian cricket for years."
India's coach from 2005 to 2007, Chappell was also described by Tendulkar as a "ringmaster who imposed his ideas on the players without showing any signs of being concerned about whether they felt comfortable or not".
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Nitin Gadkari assures steps to bring back five fishermen from Sri LankaPrint
Gadkari assured that government would take necessary legal steps and take up their case in the court in Sri Lanka for their release.
By: Press Trust of India | Rameswaram (tn) | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:20 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 5:33 pm
The families of five fishermen , who were awarded capital punishment by a Sri Lankan court last month on drug-trafficking charges, on Tuesday met Union Minister Nitin Gadkari and sought immediate steps by India to bring them back home.
Gadkari assured them government would take necessary legal steps and take up their case in the court in Sri Lanka for their release.
He also informed them that External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had instructed Indian High Commission in Sri Lanka to hold talks with officials concerned in the island nation to secure the release of the fishermen.
The minister told them he would convey the feelings of the families to Sushma Swaraj and Prime Minister Narendra Modi and request that an early solution be found on the matter.
“We will study the matter in detail and hold discussions with officials and later discuss it in the cabinet”, he said.
Gadkari said the Centre was also taking steps to find a permanent solution to the vexed problem of harassment of Tamil Nadu fishermen, allegedly by Sri Lankan Navy “while fishing in territorial waters,” he said.
Gadkari was in Rameswaram to undertake an aerial inspection of the controversial Sethusamudram Shipping Channel route.
Union Minister Pon Radhakrishnan was also present during the meeting.
Five fishermen, all hailing from Tamil Nadu, were apprehended in 2011 by the Sri Lankan Navy on charges of smuggling drugs in the seas off northern Jaffna’s Delft islet.
On October 30 this year, they were given the death penalty by a court in Colombo.
The five were among a group of eight sentenced to death for alleged involvement in heroin trafficking between India and Sri Lanka in 2011. The other three are Sri Lankans.
Their arrest had sparked protests in various parts of Tamil Nadu.

Amitabh Bachchan cycles in Kolkata for  PikuCelebrity
Amitabh Bachchan cycles in Kolkata for 'Piku'
'Piku' is already in news for bringing together three generations of powerhouse performers together for the first time-Amitabh Bachchan, Irrfan Khan and Deepika Padukone.
It was a journey to the past for megastar Amitabh Bachchan as he shot for Shoojit Sircar’s ‘Piku’ while cycling through the streets of Kolkata Sunday afternoon. (Photo: IANS)
1 / 16

Entity registered as broker cannot act as merchant bankerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
An entity registered only as a stock broker cannot undertake the role of a merchant banker in the capital markets, regulator Sebi has said.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has stated this position in reply to an ‘interpretive letter’ sought by Almondz Global Securities Limited (AGSL), who had asked whether it, as a stock broker, can handle any issue of debt securities offered on a private placement basis.
In case of AGSL, Sebi further said that although it was registered as a merchant banker too, it was barred by Sebi in March 2014 from taking up fresh assignments as a merchant banker for a period of five years.
In March this year, Sebi had prohibited AGSL from taking up new assignment or involvement in any new issue like an IPO, follow on issue etc from the securities market for five years in the matter of PG Electroplast Limited.
Later in April this year, Sebi also suspended AGSL (as a merchant banker) for six months in the matter of Bhartiya Global Infomedia Limited.
According to Sebi, in the present case, the activities specified by AGSL are in the nature of activities carried out by a merchant banker, therefore AGSL (stock broker) cannot perform such activities.
TAGS: Merchant Banker Sebi Stock Broker
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Burdwan blast: Barpeta quack  NIAs  most wanted  man  has four bank accountsPrint
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval accompanied by National Security Guard (NSG) Chief J N Choudhury, NIA Director General Sharad Kumar and Intelligence Bureau(IB) chief Asif Ibrahim inspecting the blast site at Khagragarh in Burdwan district. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:44 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 7:53 pm
Sahanur Alom, the 33-year old quack from Barpeta district in Assam, who figures among NIA’s 12 “most wanted” persons involved in the Burdwan blast of October 2, has at least four bank accounts in his home district, with the agency now looking for more accounts if any in other places.
An NIA team that conducted a search in Alom’s house in village Chatala in Barpeta district on Tuesday, seized several boxes of incriminating documents, apart sealing four bank accounts including one having an ATM facility.
But, there has been no transaction in all the four accounts since August, when he had disappeared from his village along with his wife Sajina and two children. Interestingly, Alom was arrested by the local police on July 28, the day he had organized a namaz one day ahead of Eid-ul-Fitr, which had led to a clash between his supporters and a section of villagers.
Confirming this, sources in NIA said Alom had obtained bail the very day he was arrested, and disappeared two or three days later. That was more than two months before the Burdwan blast, only after which it was found that one of the 12 accused persons involved in that incident was Sahanur Alom of Barpeta.
While Alom first left his village with his family reportedly for his in-laws place after a section of fellow villagers looked at him with suspicion as he tried to propagate the Salafi tradition of Eid, he probably disappeared further after the October 2 blast.
“We have already found lot of evidence that he was part of the JMB module that was linked to the Burdwan blast. That includes evidence about Alom’s close contact with Shakil Ahmed, one of the two persons who were killed in the Burdwan blast,” a source in the NIA said today.
The NIA is now examining transactions in the four different bank accounts that it has discovered in Sahanur Alom’s name, and as also the sources of deposit. “Most of the money has been already withdrawn, but we are now looking the sources from where money was deposited,” the NIA source said. Another question before the NIA is: why did Alom, who apparently earned his living as a quack dentist in village markets, open four bank accounts?
NAI officials who conducted search in his house in village Chatala found it to be a well-furnished place, complete with TV and dish antenna, refrigerator, and a motorcycle among other items. Very few families in the neighbourhood have houses as good as Alom’s.

US Senate main prize in elections for CongressAmericans vote Tuesday in a midterm election that has been cast as a referendum on US President Barack Obama.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:06 pm
Americans vote Tuesday in a midterm election that has been cast as a referendum on US President Barack Obama and that is expected to give opposition Republicans control of both chambers of Congress.
The question is whether Washington’s legislative paralysis would deepen if the president’s Democrats lose their majority in the Senate.
Polling across the board gives Republicans well over a 50 percent chance of turning out at least six incumbent Senate Democrats or capturing seats left vacant by Democrat retirements. Thirty-six Senate seats are on the ballot.
There was little suspense about the races for all 435 seats in the House of Representatives, beyond the size of the new Republican majority. A gain of 13 seats would give Republicans their largest representation since it stood at 246 in 1946. Democrats concentrated on protecting their incumbents.
The party that holds the White House traditionally loses seats in a midterm election, when the president is not on the ballot. Turnout drops, but both parties hope to mitigate that trend with sophisticated new voter-targeting methods used in recent presidential elections.
Democrats weighed down by Obama’s low approval ratings kept their distance from him and looked to a costly get-out-the-vote operation in the most competitive Senate races to save their seats and their majority. They were working furiously to reach out to minority, women and young voters who tend to sit-out elections when the presidency is not at stake. Those voters tend to back Democrats.
About 10 Senate races have drawn most of the attention, but Democrats were at a disadvantage because these were either in Republican-leaning states carried by Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential election or evenly divided swing states. In these competitive states, astronomical spending and uncountable attack ads have dominated campaigning – with few ideas offered on how best to govern. Serious discussions about trade and energy policies, deficit spending, climate change, immigration and other knotty issues rarely emerged.
Obama and the Democrats face an electorate that remains deeply concerned about the direction of the economy, though it has shown signs of improvement. Terrorism has re-emerged as a top issue, as well as the threat posed by the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria, and polls showed Republicans have an edge on handling both issues. And Obama’s administration has faced questions about its competency, from Secret Service scandals to the bungled roll-out of the president’s health care program, known as Obamacare.
Vice President Joe Biden promoted the president’s economic agenda on radio in key states, telling one host that even if Republicans win the Senate, he and Obama will push for policies that address what he called an “overwhelming dislocation of wealth.”
Democrats on the ballot didn’t so much defend the president as insist they were independent of him.

Navigation system will not disturb Ram Sethu: Gadkariwaterway and maritime transport
He said the Sethusamudram Shipping Channel Project would be implemented without touching the mythical bridge or harming the environment.
The Centre will put a navigation system in place in the Palk Bay as envisaged in the Sethusamudram Ship Channel project without disturbing Ram Sethu, Union Minister for Road Transport, Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari said on Tuesday.
After making an aerial inspection of the project, Mr. Gadkari told a press conference in Mandapam that his Ministry was considering various proposals but asserted that the Ram Sethu would not be dismantled.
There were four or five proposals, besides the report submitted by RITES Limited, an engineering consultancy company. He said the Ministry would take a final decision after a discussion with officials and RITES.
“One thing is very clear. We will not hurt the sentiments of the people of India and their feelings about Ram Sethu,” he said. He had made this clear in Parliament as well, he pointed out. No questions arose about the alignment (cutting through Ram Sethu) fixed by the previous Congress-led UPA government. The RITES Limited had done a detailed study on an alternative alignment and presented a comprehensive report to the Ministry. He, however, did not go into the details. The matter was sub judice, he said. His Ministry, after detailed discussions, would announce the navigation system to be put in place after getting clearances from the Cabinet and the Prime Minister.
Accompanied by ICG Inspector General S.P. Sharma and Commander H.H. More, Mr. Gadkari also conducted an inspection in the Palk Strait and the Gulf of Mannar region in an ICG Hovercraft. His visit was mainly to understand the various options, implications and the actual situation that prevailed on the ground, he said. After the inspections, Mr. Gadkari offered worship at Sri Ramanathaswamy temple at Rameswaram. He was accompanied by Union Minister Pon Radhakrishnan and BJP National Council member K. Muraleedharan.

Turns out these birds create songs with the same rules humans doBy Rachel Feltman November 4 Follow @rachelfeltman
 
Many birds have beautiful calls, and some -- like the North American hermit thrush -- produce something that sounds an awful lot like human music. Just listen to the video above: When the bird's song is slowed down, it sounds remarkably like human compositions for the flute. Since the early 20th century, ornithological studies have claimed that the hermit thrush actually follows the same melodic rules that humans do. But for the first time, researchers have produced proof. According to a study published Tuesday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, these birds select notes that are related by the same simple mathematical ratios that humans use to create harmony. From Motherboard :
Music is simpler than most band class teachers would have us believe. Every sort of musical scale, Western and non-Western, is harmonic. What that means is every note, or acoustic frequency, is a whole number multiple of some base note (or frequency). So, if you have some note x, the next highest note is simply 2x. The next highest after that: 3x. And so forth.
When the researchers analyzed 71 different songs produced by the hermit thrush, they found that most of them (57) used the same musical math that we do. It's possible that female hermit thrushes pick their mates based on their ability to sing according to these scales. It's also possible that they (like humans) find it easier to remember melodies made by these rules, and build their songs around them so they're easier to learn and recognize. We don't know that there's something inherently pleasing about this way of creating music -- in fact, previous studies on other species of musical birds have failed to find evidence of this harmonic similarity to humans. Just because they follow our rules doesn't mean that hermit thrushes are doing so consciously, so we might not actually be singing the same tunes.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

TMC MLA says party leaders engaged in extortion  pulled upPrint
Written by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:45 am
Close on the heels of Trinamool Congress MP Sisir Adhikary, who was warned by the party for publicly stating that party leaders indulged in extortion from businessmen and contractors, TMC MLA from Purbasthali in Burdwan district Tapan Chatterjee faced the party’s wrath for making similar allegations against a section of party leaders.
“Some people have come to Trinamool Congress with the sole motive to destroy the party. They are occupying big posts… using party receipts for extortion…and saying they have given the money to party leaders like Mukul Roy, Partha Chatterjee, Subrata Mukherjee, Subrata Bakshi,’’ Chatterjee said at a party meeting on Monday.
The party leadership reprimanded Chatterjee for not informing them about misdeeds of the leaders before speaking to the media. “Some people are trying to become heroes by lowering the image of the party. We will not tolerate this,’’ TMC secretary-general and Education Minister Partha Chatterjee said.
The MLA told The Indian Express that despite the party’s warning, he stood by his words. “I will not keep quiet because our party is now full of those black sheep, who raise money in the name of the top brass of the party. It is because of them that the party’s image is getting tarnished,’’ Chatterjee said.
Chatterjee also said he was going to send all his allegations in writing to the party office on Wednesday.

Saudi reliance on oil  dangerous : Billionai...Saudi reliance on oil 'dangerous', says billionaire prince
By AFP | 5 Nov, 2014, 12.31AM IST
0
Share More
"Saudi Arabia depends 90 per cent on oil, which is not right, it's wrong and it's dangerous, actually," added the prince, who is a nephew of King Abdullah.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
JEDDAH: The fall of crude oil prices below $ 80 a barrel proves that Saudi Arabia's reliance on petroleum revenue is "dangerous", billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal said today.
"Clearly the fact that the price of oil went down to below 80 proved that we were correct by asking the government to have other sources of income", Alwaleed told reporters in the Red Sea city of Jeddah.
"Saudi Arabia depends 90 per cent on oil, which is not right, it's wrong and it's dangerous, actually," added the prince, who is a nephew of King Abdullah.
The prince, whose investments span a range of sectors including global media and hotel brands, spoke as the benchmark US crude price hit a three-year low of $ 75.84 today before recovering slightly.
Brent North Sea crude dropped to $ 82.02 at one point -- its lowest level in four years.
Prices had already begun falling heavily yesterday "after it was reported that Saudi Arabia cut its selling price to the US possibly in a bid to compete with US shale oil", Singapore's United Overseas Bank said in a note to clients.
The kingdom is the biggest producer in the OPEC oil cartel, which is to hold a key production meeting on November 27 in Vienna.
International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde has warned that oil-dependent Gulf states will face budget shortfalls if the decline in oil prices persists.
They have fallen sharply since the middle of June owing to a global supply glut.
Alwaleed said the price fall points to the need for Saudi Arabia to have "an active sovereign wealth fund and to put in it all the excess foreign exchange that you have, all the money you have, and have it earn somewhere between five to 10 per cent."
This would be similar to the sovereign funds in Kuwait, Abu Dhabi and Norway, he said during a visit to the site of Kingdom Tower, a mixed-use facility that will rise more than one kilometre and will be the world's tallest tower.
Alwaleed's Kingdom Holding Co is a founder of the company developing the project.
Saudi Arabia said in June it was preparing to launch its first sovereign wealth fund.

http://usat.ly/1x1CUvcFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Researcher: Coca-Cola Life is a hit
There may be some serious life in Coca-Cola Life. Even as Coca-Cola on Tuesday announced that it was finally rolling out the long-anticipated mid-calorie drink nationwide, a top market research specialist that
Post to Facebook
Researcher: Coca-Cola Life is a hit There may be some serious life in Coca-Cola Life. Even as Coca-Cola on Tuesday announced that it was finally rolling out the long-anticipated mid-calorie drink nationwide, a top market research specialist that Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tYdTi4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Researcher: Coca-Cola Life is a hit
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 8:01 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Bottles of Coca-Cola Life, partially sweetened with stevia.
(Photo: Norberto Duarte, AFP/Getty Images)
1053 CONNECT 194 TWEET 394 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
There may be some serious life in Coca-Cola Life.
Even as Coca-Cola on Tuesday announced that it was nationally rolling out the long-anticipated, 60-calorie, 8-ounce cola with no artificial sweeteners, Haynes & Co., a market research specialist with no ties to Coca-Cola, has shared proprietary research data with USA TODAY that indicates Coca-Cola Life has been an enormous hit in its very limited distribution.
In the key findings, consumers say:
-  They like the taste. Some 70% of purchasers contacted rated the taste four or five stars (out of five stars). In fact, for 45% of the respondents, Coca-Cola Life already has replaced 75% or more of their normal soda purchases.
-   They like the look. The green labeling on bottles and cans is appealing to consumers. Some one-third of people who saw a Coca-Cola Life display say they purchased it — a very high trial rate.
-  They would buy it again. Some 80% of Coca-Cola Life recent purchasers, when surveyed online, said they would buy it again. Half of the respondents said they are now buying more soda as a result of having Coca-Cola Life as an option.
"We haven't seen a product in the beverage space hitting on all cycles like this for years," says Elizabeth Haynes, president of Haynes & Co, which has done market research for major retailers and large hedge funds.  Thefirm reached out to several hundred consumers who remembered seeing Coca-Cola Life, then surveyed 72 were who had actually purchased it.  The results are significant, says Haynes, because so many of the respondents rated Coca-Cola Life at such a high level.
What's more, she notes, store managers confirmed what consumers said.  The research firm contacted store managers at 22 of The Fresh Market locations that initially sold Coca-Cola Life.  Some 50% of the store managers said they had completely sold out at least once.  One Florida location said it was selling 50 cases per week. And several store managers said customers were calling the store, asking managers to put some aside for them.
"I've done thousands of store interviews in my career and it's very uncommon for consumers to call a store and request that a product be put aside," says Haynes.
Coca-Cola officials declined to comment on the research. But in a statement Tuesday about the national rollout of the beverage, sweetened with cane sugar and stevia leaf extra, Andrew McMillin, vice president of Coca-Cola Brands, North America, said, "We are working, ultimately, to become a leader in this interesting and emerging category."
Coke needs a lift.  Its stock is flat for the year and third-quarter net income fell almost 14%. Meanwhile, sales of the iconic Coke and Diet Coke brands have both been heading south domestically.
Pepsi True, a competing brand, initially sold only on Amazon.com, is now also available on Walmart.com in some markets and on track to roll out to brick and mortar retail in 2015, says Pepsi spokeswoman Andrea Foote. "We are encouraged by early sales and consumer response."
1053 CONNECT 194 TWEET 394 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tYdTi4
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Babus of PM s team in Guj move to Capital s key posts | PMO wants spokesmanKey members from Narendra Modi's government in Gujarat take crucial positions at Centre
DP Bhattacharya, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Gujarat
(Modi has closely tested…)
AHMEDABAD: Gandhinagar is moving to Lutyens' Delhi — lock, stock and file notings. With Hasmukh Adhia included in a list of 50 senior Indian Administrative Service officers transferred late on Monday, the number of serving bureaucrats who have moved to New Delhi from Gujarat to occupy crucial positions after the Narendra Modi government took charge has reached six. In the space of five months, the prime minister has taken the trusted band of lieutenants he cultivated as chief minister of Gujarat and brought many of its members to the national capital as he embarks on recreating his model at a countrywide level.
Only two members of this inner circle — K Kailashnathan and GC Murmu — haven't shifted to the Capital. Of these two, Kailashnathan has stayed on in the Gujarat chief minister's office as chief principal secretary, a contractual appointment since he's past retirement age. Murmu is now the principal secretary to the chief minister.
To be sure, at least eight senior Gujarat cadre IAS officers were serving at the Centre even before the new government took charge. Quite a few of them will now rotate back to the parent state as their fellow cadre officers come to Delhi.
Adhia was named financial services secretary in the finance ministry. The others that belong to the Modi band include Arvind Sharma and Sanjay Bhavsar in the Prime Minister's Office, Rajesh Kishore in the National Human Rights Commission , HK Dash in the interstate council in the ministry of home affairs and Guruprasad Mohapatra in the ministry of commerce. Add to this the prime minister's additional principal secretary PK Mishra, a retired Gujarat cadre IAS officer who served as principal secretary to Modi when he was chief minister in 2001-04.
Modi has closely tested these officers and has a high level of comfort with them, said a retired bureaucrat who has observed the functioning of the new PMO closely.
"Essentially, Modi had run his government in Gujarat through the bureaucrats and he is not changing his ways in Delhi," this person said. "People who earned his trust in terms of delivery are the ones who are now being picked up for Delhi as he, in more ways than one, is trying to replicate the Gujarat model at the Centre."
In fact, politicians often used to grumble that bureaucrats wielded more power than ministers with the ultimate fountainhead being the chief minister's office, where the all-powerful Kailashnathan reigned over his colleagues as the primary interface between Modi and the rest of the administration.
There was initial speculation that Kailashnathan would follow Modi to Delhi but the IAS officer, recalled from retirement after an extension, was appointed to the post in the Anandiben Patel CMO.
As for the other bureaucrats who were seen to be close to Modi, DJ Pandian — the man behind the Vibrant Gujarat investor summit — was elevated as state chief secretary last week while Bharat Lal, a career Indian Forest Service officer and a long-time Modi confidante in New Delhi, continues to head Gujarat Bhavan in the national capital. Another officer, Vijay Nehra, who was part of Modi's CMO, was shunted out as Rajkot municipal commissioner when Patel took over as chief minister.
Gujarat cadre IAS officers working at the Centre before Modi came to power include Rajiv Topno, Rita Teotia, Sunaina Tomar and Vijaylakshmi Joshi. A Gujarat government official told ET that while a number of officials are being transferred to Delhi, quite a few currently on central deputation will return to their parent cadre.
"Moreover, about 20 people from the state administrative services are likely to be promoted to the IAS cadre in a couple of months' time and that should take care of the shortfall," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian Shares Wilt  Dollar Off HighsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Wilt, Dollar Off Highs
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 07:27 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Tokyo: Asian shares got off to a lacklustre start on Wednesday after a plunge in oil prices dragged down US shares, while the dollar took a breather after this week's rally.
Crude prices steadied after falling to multi-year lows on news top oil exporter Saudi Arabia cut its US sales prices.
Investors warily tracked US election results, in which Republicans were poised to make major gains and possibly capture control of the Senate in a midterm vote that could serve as a public referendum on President Barack Obama's job performance.
The dollar dipped as investors locked in profits after this week's rally, while a Reuters report saying central bankers in the euro zone plan to challenge European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's leadership style underpinned the euro.
Some members intend to raise their concerns with Draghi at the governors' traditional informal working dinner on Wednesday before the ECB's formal monthly rate-setting meeting on Thursday, the sources interviewed by Reuters said.
"We do not expect further easing at Thursday's ECB meeting but it may give more insight into its new asset purchase programmes," strategists at Barclays said.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.1 per cent in early trade, while Japan's Nikkei stock average gave up about 0.2 per cent.
On Wall Street on Tuesday, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite ended lower after the big drop in oil prices, while the Dow Jones industrial average eked out a small gain, with energy shares under pressure from low oil prices.
US data on Tuesday revealed a surprise widening of the trade deficit last month, which raised speculation that the initially reported 3.5 per cent pace of third-quarter US growth could be revised down. That in turn reduced the likelihood that the US Federal Reserve would hike interest rates in 2015.
The Commerce Department said the trade deficit grew 7.6 per cent to $43.03 billion, compared with a forecast of $40.00 billion among analysts polled by Reuters.
The data increased the safe-haven appeal of US Treasury notes, pushing down the benchmark 10-year yield and weighing on the dollar. The yield stood at 2.335 per cent in Asia, down from its US close of 2.342 per cent on Tuesday, when it fell as low as 2.303 per cent.
The dollar index was flat on the day at 87.015, after moving away from its four-year high of 87.406 touched on Monday.
The dollar was buying 113.60 yen, down slightly and well below a seven-year peak of 114.21 hit on Monday.
The euro edged up to $1.2550, moving off a two-year low of $1.2439 set on Monday and shrugging off downbeat data after the ECB news.
The European Commission on Tuesday downgraded its forecast for euro zone economic growth over the next few years, leading investors to raise bets the ECB might consider more action to stimulate the region's economy.
In commodities trading, US crude futures edged up about 0.1 per cent to $77.28 after reaching the lowest intraday price since October 2011 on Tuesday, after the Saudi move.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Air India cabin crew shortage causes flight delaysAir India cabin crew shortage causes flight delays
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 10:19 IST
Photo for representation purposes only
Shortage of cabin crew at Air India (AI) could endanger lives of its passengers. The national carrier operates some of its flights with only one entry-exit point since the back door has been rendered useless due to staff shortage.
On Tuesday, commander of Mumbai-Delhi flight AI 310 SN Jadhav refused to fly the old Airbus 321 with only three hostesses on board insisting on following Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) guidelines, which state that there must be, at least, five cabin crew in narrow-body domestic planes with both the doors being operational.
According to sources, many AI flights are operating with the back door shown as inoperative due to shortage of cabin crew. "By showing the back door of the aircraft as inoperative, we cannot use it even after it lands at the airport because it is sealed. In an emergency like crash-landing, there would be a near stampede with only one exit door. You have, at least, 200 passengers on board. It is very risky to fly with only one exit-entry door. Flying with one door as inoperative is not uncommon to us but it must be discouraged," an AI crew member said.
Staff shortage delayed as many as 16 flights for hours at Delhi airport on Monday affecting 3,000 passengers. There was shortage of 65 hostesses for 75 domestic flights and 38 for 16 international flights. Similarly, pilots for both domestic and international flights were short of the required strength as per the duty roster.
There was chaos at the airport as many international passengers had to take connecting flights for the next leg of their journey.
The situation more or less remained the same on Tuesday, airline sources told Mail Today. Some cabin crews alleged that the management is soft towards Mumbai-based crew as they have links with Shiv Sena and other political parties. Besides, the airline is facing a heavy rate of attrition with 33 pilots having quit this year alone.
IN AIR POCKET
>>  Air India (AI) operates some of its flights with only one entry-exit point.
>>  Many AI flights are operating with the back door shown as inoperative due to shortage of cabin crew.
>>  In an emergency like crash-landing, there would be a near stampede with only one exit door.
>>  AI also facing a heavy rate of attrition with 33 pilots having quit this year alone.
>>  Some of the pilots joined other airlines without even resigning.
>>  Many pilots have resigned citing inefficiency and weak administration, which they allege has caused the mess at the carrier.

Top six stocks where promoters have raised their stakeYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Promoter stake key to stock’s strength
Nov 5, 2014, 07.01AM IST
Tags:
BSE 200
(Such stocks have beaten…)
For investors lacking the patience to read through Benjamin Graham or master the Greeks snoop around for quicker ways to spot stocks, here's one: Track the promoters' interest in a stock. Stocks where promoters and senior management have raised their stakes have typically outperformed the broader market. Such stocks have beaten the BSE200 index by an average 9 per cent since September 2013 while promoters and directors have been purchasing the shares three months prior to that.
On the other hand, counters that have suffered from selling by promoters have underperformed the BSE 200 by 1.1 per cent. "Average outperformance of stocks having insider buying suggests that insider buying has predictive power," said a report by Gaurav Mehta, analyst with brokerage Ambit Capital. It means that company insiders have information advantage over the rest of the market.
But, interestingly, selling by promoters does not necessarily mean that some negative news is imminent. Often, selling happens because a promoter family may need the money to buy other assets.
Ambit's study points out that in the Indian context, a portfolio which constitutes firms where insiders were net buyers in the preceding month outperforms the broader market by a reasonably good margin in the subsequent three months.
Considered from the point of view of a whole year, it could fetch returns anywhere between 14 per cent and 15 per cent. Companies where promoters have raised their stakes in recent months include Sesa Sterlite, JSW Steel , GMR , Hexaware Technologies and Indiabulls Housing Finance .
FEATURED ARTICLES

J L Shah appointed Pidilite whole time directorJ L Shah appointed Pidilite whole time director
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Pidilite Industries in a communication to the stock exchanges said that J L Shah has been appointed as a Whole Time Director and designated as Director (Factories Operations) with effect from November 4.
Further, Yash Mahajan, Director, had resigned on November 4 due to personal reasons.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Samsung expands lead over Micromax in Indias smartphone marketSamsung expands lead over Micromax in India’s smartphone market
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 09.35AM IST
Tags:
clear leader in the mobile handsets business
(Gfk data for July, August…)
NEW DELHI: Samsung Electronics expanded its lead over Micromax in India's smartphone market in September, while Nokia retained its third spot, significantly ahead of Lava and Karbonn, data from research firm Gfk showed.
Gfk data for July, August and September showed South Korea's Samsung had achieved a 33% market share at the end of the period after gaining over a percentage point from August. Home-bred Micromax came in second with more than 18% share, adding a tad over the previous month, while Finnish handset maker Nokia, now owned by Microsoft, managed to keep itself going at No 3 with 12% share. ET has reviewed the research firm's data.
In the wider market that includes feature phones, Samsung led with about a fourth of the market share while Nokia continued to be No 2 at about 21%. Micromax, however, came in a distant third with 13.5% share, data showed.
The smartphone market in India is surging, as a drop in prices tempts more people to switch from feature phones to smartphones.
The trend revealed in these Gfk figures - which are based on actual sales -contrasts those brought out in the April-June data published by CounterPoint Research, Cybermedia Research (CMR) and International Data Corporation (IDC), which suggested narrowing of gap between the market leader and its closest challenger.
Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research had said that Micromax was the leading overall handset vendor with 16.6% market share in the April-June period, overtaking Samsung, which garnered 14.4%. The other two had noted that while the Korean company was still the leader, the Indian vendor was fast catching up.
Counterpoint's director of research , Neil Shah , stuck by the agency's second-quarter findings, adding that its preliminary data for the July-September period also showed the same trend - Samsung trailing Micromax in the overall market, but the reverse in the smartphone segment.
"We track shipments, i.e. what is sold into the channel from the OEM and that is pan-India and not sell-through in our quarterly Market Monitor program," Shah said, explaining the difference in methodology compared with Gfk.
GfK did not comment on the figures sourced by ET. IDC chose not to comment on these numbers as the research firm is expected to come out with its third-quarter data next week.
About 71% of more than 924 million mobile phone users in India still use feature phones, offering a massive opportunity for global as well as Indian players to increase their footprint in this pricier segment.
Most handset makers, including new entrants, are focusing on the Rs 5,000 to Rs 15,000 category, in which a far larger number of smartphones are sold compared with the premium price brackets. As per IDC, more than 36 million smartphones were shipped into India till June this year.
According to Shah, preliminary Q3 2014 data from Counterpoint shows that Samsung still leads the India smartphone market with 26% share, having improved from the 25.3% it had in the previous quarter. Micromax comes in a close second with 21% share by shipments.
A spokesperson for Samsung India did not comment on market share figures specifically, but reiterated that Samsung is a clear leader in the mobile handsets business across price categories. "We will continue to offer the best to our consumers in line with their expectations to maintain our leadership position."
Micromax did not respond to ET's email query on the market share figures.
Faisal Kawoosa, CMR's lead analyst, said preliminary findings matched its previous quarter findings of Samsung as the market leader with Micromax closing in, in the case of smartphones. It did not comment on the overall market data, saying it will release full numbers soon.
"One needs to compare the methodology, reach, et al of any research programme to compare it with another," Kawoosa said.
As per Gfk on a value basis, Samsung leads the overall and smartphone markets with about 34% and 38% market share, respectively, at the end of September.
Nokia, despite losing market share, is No 2 by value overall, and in third spot for smartphones, while Micromax is No 3 overall and No 2 in the smartphone category.
Japan's Sony managed to grab around 6% and 8.5% share, respectively, higher than local handset makers Lava and Karbonn, which as per IDC, are among the top four brands as of June-end.
Microsoft declined to comment on market shares while Sony did not respond to ET's queries on the matter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thermax surges over 8 per cent on strong Q2 resultsThermax surges over 8 per cent on strong Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 09.34AM IST
Tags:
environment
(Operating revenue for the…)
MUMBAI: Shares of energy and environment solutions provider Thermax surged over 8 per cent in early trade after it reported a net profit of Rs 86 crore for the second quarter of FY 2014-15, up 185 per cent from a net profit of Rs 30 crore in the corresponding quarter last year.
Operating revenue for the quarter was up 14 per cent at Rs 1191 crore as compared to Rs 1043 crore in the corresponding quarter last year.
The company saw 42 per cent growth in order inflow at Rs 1089 crore which was aided by the improvement in demand for its standard products in the domestic market and project orders from the international market.
At 09:23 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 961, up Rs 49 or 5.37 per cent on the BSE. It surged 8.33 per cent to touch a high of Rs 988 in early trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Crude oil falls sharply after Saudi Arabia cuts prices to USCrude oil falls sharply after Saudi Arabia cuts prices to US
Factbox: Key U.S. governors  races at stake on election dayFactbox: Key U.S. governors  races at stake on election day
Welspun Projects board approves mergerWelspun Projects board approves merger
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Welspun Projects said that on the recommendation of the audit committee, its board of directors had on November 4 approved the scheme of amalgamation and arrangement between Welspun Enterprises, Welspun Infratech, Welspun Plastics, Welspun Infra Projects and Welspun Projects.
The purpose of the merger is to capitalise on the market opportunities with a consolidated cash of Rs 800 crore, the company said in a communication to the stock exchange.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Sensex crosses 28 000-mark in early tradeMARKET UPDATE: Sensex hits 28K-mark, Nifty scales new high on reforms hope
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 17:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The BSE Sensex on Wednesday breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank .
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
"Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies", said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the limelight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday. 
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
"Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates," Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close on Thursday on account of "Gurunanak Jayanti".

Express 5: Bombers vow revenge against PM Narendra Modi; Omar on possible post-poll tie-up with BJPPrint
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 9:21 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 9:24 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Threat to PM Modi
Retreat ceremony at Wagah border on Tuesday.
The terrorist group that carried out Sunday’s murderous suicide bombing at Wagah has followed it up with a threat to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Read: Wagah suicide attack: Bombers vow ‘revenge’ against Prime Minister Narendra Modi
2. 1984 Anti-Sikh Riots
The riots had gone on for three days before J S Nanra, then vice president of the Delhi Medical Association, gathered the courage to step out of his Kirti Nagar house.
3. Let the people decide
Abdullah said that “we are still far away from a BJP government in J&K”.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Tuesday said that the possibility of a post-poll alliance between National Conference and BJP to form a government was a “hypothetical question”
Read: Will wait and watch: Omar on possible post-poll tie-up with BJP
4. Opinion
The fidayeen attack near the Wagah border conveys two things: those who have vowed to give their life for jihad do not want normalisation of relations and after the withdrawal of American troops from Afghanistan, they want the fidayeen’s writ to run.
Read: Target Wagah
5. Sports
Delhi coach Harm van Veldhoven has looked to conserve Del Piero (left) for the latter part of the tournament. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Waskar)
Alessandro del Piero stepped on to the DY Patil Stadium turf doing what he does the best — juggling, dribbling and deceiving opponents. But instead of his feet, the Italian indulged in showing off his basketball skills; his swift hand movements matching his nimble-footedness with the ball.

Vodafone to unveil cloud services marketplaceYou are here: Home > Collections
Vodafone to unveil cloud services marketplace
Muntazir Abbas, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 09.39AM IST
Tags:
cloud services
(Vodafone India, the country’s…)
NEW DELHI: Vodafone India, the country's second-largest telecom operator , plans to start a cloud services marketplace soon to widen the range of its offerings to corporate and business customers, a top official said.
"We want to be amongst the first movers to the cloud. We are currently creating a cloud services marketplace for small- and medium-sized companies. It will allow customers to sign up and pay for their products with just a few clicks," Naveen Chopra , director at Vodafone Business Services , told ET.
The local unit of UK's Vodafone Group Plc serves almost 70,000 businesses, with its enterprise segment contributing more than 12% of revenue. Vodafone India currently ranks fourth revenue-wise in enterprise services, after Bharti Airtel, state-owned Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd and Reliance Communications, although it is the leader in mobility services in this segment.
The company is also evaluating market conditions to offer managed hosting and infrastructure as a service. The platform would allow virtual hosting of applications that drive businesses, Chopra said.
Cloud services are those that are made available to users on demand via the Internet from the provider's servers instead of from a company's own servers.
Chopra believes that the cloud is the next phase of innovation and adoption of a platform for computing, networking and storage technologies designed to provide drastic cost reductions.
The cloud marketplace could be deployed in the next two quarters, Chopra said, adding that it would enable the company to become a "total telecommunications provider."
Vodafone's own journey towards cloud is going well. The company has shifted a large number of applications to the cloud and has started realising the benefits by virtue of centralised administration, efficient planning and better compliance.
Chopra said Vodafone wants to differentiate itself through right market segmentation as it strives to offer tailor-made solutions to a diverse array of customers that include large companies, multinationals, the government and small and medium enterprises.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US midterm polls: Republicans register big v...Blow to Obama? Republicans capture control of US Senate in midterm elections
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.27AM IST
The outcome of the elections suggested Obama would face a tougher final two years in office, complicated by greater Republican power and influence in Washington. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Republicans rode a wave of voter discontent to sweeping midterm election wins on Tuesday, seizing control of the US Senate in a punishing blow to President Barack Obama that will limit his political influence and curb his legislative agenda in his last two years in office.
Republicans won in places where Democrats were favored, like a Senate race in North Carolina, pulled out victories where the going was tough, like a Senate battle in Kansas, and swept a number of governors' races in states where Democrats were favored, like Obama's home state of Illinois.
They also strengthened their grip on the House of Representatives and when the new Congress takes power in January, will be in charge of both chambers of Congress for the first time since elections in 2006.
Obama, first elected in 2008 and again in 2012, called Democratic and Republican leaders of Congress to the White House on Friday to take stock of the new political landscape. He watched election returns from the White House, and saw little to warm his spirits.
Republican Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, who won a tough re-election battle against Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes, will replace Democrat Harry Reid as Senate majority leader.
"Some things don't change after tonight. I don't expect the president to wake up tomorrow and view the world any differently than he did when he woke up this morning. He knows I won't either. But we do have an obligation to work together on issues where we can agree," McConnell said in his victory speech in Louisville.
Republicans needed six seats to win control of the 100-member Senate, and by late evening they had seven.
The winning margin came when Iowa Republican Joni Ernst was declared the winner over Democrat Bruce Braley and Republican Thom Tillis defeated incumbent Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in North Carolina.
Republican Senate candidates also picked up Democratic seats in Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas.
The Republican surge will force Obama to scale back his legislative agenda and limit his ambitions to either executive actions that do not require legislative approval, or items that might gain bipartisan support, such as trade agreements and tax reform.
It will also test his ability to compromise with newly empowered political opponents who have been resisting his legislative agenda since he was first elected.
'TERRIFIC NIGHT'
But Republicans, hoping to win the White House in 2016, will also be under pressure to show Americans they are capable of governing after drawing scorn a year ago for shutting down the government in a budget fight.
"Tonight was a terrific night for Republicans. It was a powerful repudiation of the Obama agenda, and the Obama economy, which isn't working," Republican Senator Ted Cruz, a conservative firebrand, told CNN.
"The American people, they're frustrated with what's happening in Washington, but now the responsibility falls on us to lead," he said.
Partisan battles could erupt over immigration reform, with Obama poised to issue executive actions by year's end to defer deportations of some undocumented immigrants, and over energy policy, as Republican press the president to approve the Keystone XL pipeline carrying oil from Canada.
The Republican victory had been widely predicted ahead of Tuesday's voting to elect 36 senators, 36 state governors and all 435 members of the House of Representatives.
Election Day polling by Reuters/Ipsos found a dour mood among the electorate with less than one-third of voters believing the country is headed in the right direction.
Midterm Elections In The US
of 6
Midterm Elections In The US
Text: AFP
Today Americans head to the polls to cast their vote in the mid-term elections, which will decide whether Republicans or Democrats will control the Senate.
In Pic: A man fills walks past voting signs displayed outside a polling station during the mid-term elections November 4.
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections at Bellarmine University November 4, 2014 in Louisville, Kentucky.
Sen. Mitch McConnell waits after voting in midterm elections
Senate Minority Leader U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) waits after voting in midterm elections with his wife Elaine Chao at Bellarmine University.
In Pic: Senator Mitch McConnell with wife Elaine Chao
Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters
Clay Aiken, Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in North Carolina's Second District, poses for a selfie with supporters.
In Pic: Democratic Candidate for US Congress Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters.
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker on his back during a campaign stop one day before the mid-term elections.
Next

Google going where no search engine has bee...Singhal, 44, has already brought transformational change to the Internet since he took over development of Google's search engine in 2000.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Google search guru Amit Singhal believes the search-engine of the future will be "a perfect personal assistant" -- knowing what you want, when you want it.
Although people can travel to the moon's surface without leaving their armchairs, search-engine developments so far are just "baby steps" to "the holy grail of search", Singhal told AFP in a rare interview.
Singhal, 44, has already brought transformational change to the Internet since he took over development of Google's search engine in 2000, when the web was still relatively limited and access achingly slow.
The "Google fellow" -- the title the California company bestows on its top thinkers -- sees a world of "knowledge on demand" before people even know they want it, as speech recognition, language understanding, touch technology and computer advances combine.
The search engine of the future will be the "perfect personal assistant giving you benefit of all technical knowledge, enhancing your thought processes", he said.
Singhal dismisses criticism by some scientists that having all the information at people's fingertips could create lazy minds, shortening attention spans and reducing capacity to remember information.
"People always worry about change," he said. "We have to teach people to swim with the flow of technology, not swim against it," he said.
"There were worries about the Gutenberg printing press -- that it would destroy the beauty of the spoken word, but we're far better off with the knowledge it's brought," he said.
"People worried TV would stop people reading books but that hasn't happened," he noted.
"The Internet has made people more productive -- removing barriers to getting information," he said.
Search is at the core of Google, which fields millions of questions a day in more than 110 languages.
Singhal's vision has helped make it the most visited search engine globally, as well as one of the planet's most profitable companies.
"These are immensely exciting times" with search technology "going through an exponential period" of change, he said.
"Ultimately I believe this will give mankind healthier, happier lives, not just through wearable technology, but the sum total of information that will be within our reach to improve lives."
When Singhal talks about his technological inspiration and the future of search engines, he smiles and says: "Star Trek."
Singhal watched the popular science-fiction show obsessively growing up in India's Himalayan state of Uttarakhand.
The series -- Singhal viewed repeats so often he knew the dialogue by heart -- gave him a dream about a future where a computer like the one on the starship Enterprise could provide any information immediately.
And life has given Singhal, a graduate of the prestigious Indian Institute of Technology and Cornell University, the chance to help develop just that kind of technology.
"I imagined a future where a starship computer would be able to answer any question I might ask, instantly."
"We're closer to that dream than I ever thought possible during my working life," said Singhal, adding that he was "blessed to do something I love".

Sensex crosses 28k mark  Nifty at fresh record highs; top 12 stksSensex crosses 28,000 mark, Nifty hits fresh record highs; top twelve stocks in focus
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.35AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Sensex surged as much as…)
MUMBAI: The BSE Sensex broke through the 28,000 mark for the first time on Wednesday, then fell back as traders booked profits after the run-up over the past 12 trading days. The FM's cautionary remarks on the pace of reforms may have prompted them to reduce their positions. Having surged 1,917 points in the past two weeks, the Sensex hit a lifetime high of 28,010.39 in early trade.
The Sensex started losing momentum later and ended at 27,915.88, up 55.5 points, or 0.2%. The broader Nifty rose 14.15 points, or 0.17%, to close at 8,338.30. Both ended at record highs. At the India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum in Delhi, Jaitley cautioned against rushing into big-bang reforms that could trigger a political backlash and derail the government's agenda.
The last 1,000 points of the Sensex rally came in just five trading sessions. The Nifty extended its winning streak for the sixth consecutive session. While foreign portfolio investors bought Indian equities worth 1,031 crore on Wednesday, domestic institutions sold 1,204 crore of shares, as per BSE provisional figures.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net 1,459.30 crore in the previous trading session on Monday. Tuesday was a market holiday.
Any sharp correction from current levels could be shortlived as expectations of an interest rate cut are building, said fund managers and brokers.
"The market's direction will be based on hopes of a rate cut in December," said Motilal Oswal, CMD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Among sectoral indices, the BSE Bankex was the top gainer at 1.41%, followed by healthcare (1.01%) and IT (0.73%). The BSE Metal index fell 3.03% while the power index declined 0.91%.
"Correction in global commodity prices, liquidity easing by Japan, no immediate threat of increase in US interest rate and domestic fiscal reforms... all looks positive for India," said Pankaj Murarka, head of equity, Axis Mutual Fund. "Sooner or later, RBI has to change its policy stance and cut interest rates, which will further boost the market."
Brent crude declined to $81.61 per barrel, its lowest in four years amid speculation OPEC will refrain from paring a global surplus. Declining crude oil prices augur well for India as the country imports 80% of its requirement. However, the HSBC India Services Business Activity Index fell to 50.0 in October from 51.6 due to weaker growth in new business orders.
That's not likely to dampen market enthusiasm.
"Flooded with funds, FIIs and DIIs will take the current momentum to new highs," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, MD & CEO, Destimoney Securities. "The winter session of Parliament will be closely watched with the government set to table important bills such as GST, land reforms and insurance."
Amar Ambani, head of research at IIFL, said, "The focus is likely to shift toward small-caps and midcaps and the Bank Nifty would continue to lead with heavyweights such as ICICI Bank , Axis Bank and SBI driving it."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Hits 28 000 for First Time  Nifty Above 8 350You are here: Home Market
Sensex Hits 28,000 for First Time, Nifty Rises Above 8,350
NDTV | Updated On: November 05, 2014 15:53 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
The BSE Sensex scaled above 28,000 for the first time ever, while the 50-share Nifty also hit a record high in morning trade. This is the fourth consecutive session when Indian stock markets have hit record highs. ( Track stocks )
Wednesday's gains were driven by banking stocks, which rose in anticipation of a rate hike next month. The banking sub-index on the National Stock Exchange hit an all-time high of 17,316 today.
The clamour for a rate cut by the Reserve Bank has been increasing because of easing inflation and a slide in crude prices, which are trading at a four-year low. The slump in crude prices will lead to a substantial decline in India's import bill. This means lower fiscal deficit and further easing in inflation.
(Also Read | Nifty Set to Cross 10,000 Peak Next Year: JM Financial )
Earlier-than-expected rate cut is likely to boost demand and trigger expansion in the economy. Analysts have guided for a rate cut next year.
Domestic equities have also got a boost from Bank of Japan's stimulus announcement on Friday. Analysts say BoJ's move will ensure the steady flow of overseas investments into Indian equities at a time when the US Federal Reserve has put an end to its six-year old monetary stimulus.
On Monday, foreign investors bought shares worth Rs. 1,413 crore. Year-to-date, FIIs have bought Indian shares worth nearly $14 billion (nearly Rs 84,000 crore at $1 = Rs 60).
Recent reform announcements have also helped sentiments in domestic equities. Last month, the government decontrolled diesel prices, raised gas prices and said that it will open up the coal sector to private companies.
The Sensex ended 55.5 points higher at 27,915.88, while the 50-share Nifty closed at 8,338.30, up 0.17 per cent.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 15:52 (IST)

Rupee appreciates 5 paise against dollar to trade at 61.35Rupee appreciates 5 paise against dollar to trade at 61.35
Berger Paints gains after decent Q2 earningsBerger Paints gains after decent Q2 earnings
Kerala Centre to honour nine Indian American MalayaleesKerala Centre to honour nine Indian American Malayalees
Kennametal India: Outcome of board meetingKennametal India: Outcome of board meeting
Saksoft announces change in company secretarySaksoft announces change in company secretary
US midterm polls: Republicans score big victoriesUS midterm polls: Republicans score big victories
PRECIOUS-Gold dips to within striking distance of 4-yr lowPRECIOUS-Gold dips to within striking distance of 4-yr low
US woman gets 16 years prison for running fake universityTri-Valley founder gets 16 years prison for running fake university
PTI
Tweet
San Francisco, Nov 5:  
A San Francisco woman has been sentenced to more than 16 years in prison for running what prosecutors say was a sham university that served as a front for an immigration scam.
Susan Xiao-Ping Su, founder and president of the phoney Tri-Valley University, was also ordered during a hearing Friday to forfeit $5.6 million and pay more than $900,000 in restitution.
Federal prosecutors say Su was selling visa-related documents that allowed foreigners, mostly Indian nationals, to live in the US.
She was convicted in March of visa fraud and other charges. Multiple Tri-Valley employees testified that the school had no graduation or admission requirements and that Su instructed her staff to fabricate transcripts and other documents.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Mahindras launch second affordable housing projectUpdated: October 9, 2014 23:02 IST
Mahindras launch second affordable housing project
Special Correspondent
Mahindra Lifespace Developers MD Anita Arjundas (left) and Business Head (Happinest) Sriram Mahadevan at a press conference in Mumbai on Thursday. Photo: Shashi Ashiwal
TOPICS
real estate
Mahindra Lifespace Developers (MLD), the real estate and infrastructure development arm of the Mahindra group, on Thursday, launched its second affordable housing project Happinest in Boisar, a suburb 100 km from Mumbai.
MLD had launched its first project at Avadi in Chennai six weeks ago. These two are pilot projects from which the earnings will be used to arrive at a viable business model and scale up later, Anita Arjundas, MD & CEO, MLD, said at a press conference.
“Our first Happinest project at Avadi has received encouraging response,’’ she said.
The Boisar project is spread over 14 acres, and offers one-room-kitchen, one-bedroom-kitchen and two-bedroom kitchen combinations ranging from 351 sq. ft. to 695 sq. ft. The units are priced between Rs.9.10 lakh and Rs.17.50 lakh. The project will have a total of 1,359 units.
“In phase I, out of 600 units on offer in Avadi, we sold 110 units in 45 days. The plan is to build 1,400 homes by the third phase,’’ Ms. Arjundas said.
The company has tied up with housing finance companies to finance the eligible customers whose average income is between Rs.20,000 and 40,000 a month. “The finance companies have customised products for our project as many of them may not have documents for proof of income. About 40 per cent of our customers are from the informal sector,’’ she said
Sriram Mahadevan, Business Head, said there were more than 1,500 industries in and around Boisar and the Maharashtra Industrial Development Centre (MIDC) had its largest centre in Boisar. The project was pre-certified by the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC), he added. “The aim is to deliver the buildings in one year for each of the phases,’’ he said.

UN Issues Extremely Dire Report On Climate ChangeUN Climate Change Report Delivers Stark Warnings
 | By                                                                KARL RITTER
reddit
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Climate change is happening, it's almost entirely man's fault and limiting its impacts may require reducing greenhouse gas emissions to zero this century, the U.N.'s panel on climate science said Sunday.
The fourth and final volume of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's giant climate assessment offered no surprises, nor was it expected to since it combined the findings of three reports released in the past 13 months.
But it underlined the scope of the climate challenge in stark terms. Emissions, mainly from the burning of fossil fuels, may need to drop to zero by the end of this century for the world to have a decent chance of keeping the temperature rise below a level that many consider dangerous.
The IPCC didn't say exactly what such a world would look like but it would likely require a massive shift to renewable sources to power homes, cars and industries combined with new technologies to suck greenhouse gases from the atmosphere.
The report warned that failure to reduce emissions could lock the world on a trajectory with "irreversible" impacts on people and the environment. Some impacts already being observed included rising sea levels, a warmer and more acidic ocean, melting glaciers and Arctic sea ice and more frequent and intense heat waves.
"Science has spoken. There is no ambiguity in their message. Leaders must act. Time is not on our side," U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said at the report's launch in Copenhagen.
Amid its grim projections, the report said the tools are there to set the world on a low-emissions path and break the addiction to burning oil, coal and gas which pollute the atmosphere with heat-trapping CO2, the chief greenhouse gas.
"All we need is the will to change, which we trust will be motivated by knowledge and an understanding of the science of climate change," IPCC chairman Rajendra Pachauri said.
The IPCC was set up in 1988 to assess global warming and its impacts. The report released Sunday caps its latest assessment, a mega-review of 30,000 climate change studies that establishes with 95-percent certainty that most of the warming seen since the 1950s is man-made. The IPCC's best estimate is that just about all of it is man-made, but it can't say that with the same degree of certainty.
Today only a small minority of scientists challenge the mainstream conclusion that climate change is linked to human activity.
Global Climate Change, a NASA website, says 97 percent of climate scientists agree that warming trends over the past century are very likely due to human activities.
The American public isn't as convinced. A year-old survey by Pew Research showed 67 percent of Americans believed global warming is occurring and 44 percent said the earth is warming mostly because of human activity. More recently, a New York Times poll said 42 percent of Republicans say global warming won't have a serious impact, a view held by 12 percent of Democrats and 22 percent of independents.
Sleep-deprived delegates approved the final documents Saturday after a weeklong line-by-line review that underscored that the IPCC process is not just about science. The reports must be approved both by scientists and governments, which means political issues from U.N. climate negotiations, which are nearing a 2015 deadline for a global agreement, inevitably affect the outcome.
The rift between developed and developing countries in the U.N. talks opened up in Copenhagen over a passage on what levels of warming could be considered dangerous. After a protracted battle, the text was dropped from a key summary for policy-makers — to the disappointment of some scientists.
"If the governments are going to expect the IPCC to do their job," said Princeton professor Michael Oppenheimer, a lead author of the IPCC's second report, they shouldn't "get caught up in fights that have nothing to do with the IPCC."
The omission meant the word "dangerous" disappeared from the summary altogether. It appeared only twice in a longer underlying report compared to seven times in a draft produced before the Copenhagen session. The less loaded word "risk" was mentioned 65 times in the final 40-page summary.
"Rising rates and magnitudes of warming and other changes in the climate system, accompanied by ocean acidification, increase the risk of severe, pervasive, and in some cases irreversible detrimental impacts," the report said.
World governments in 2009 set a goal of keeping the temperature rise below 2 degrees C (3.6 F) compared to before the industrial revolution. Temperatures have gone up about 0.8 C (1.4 F) since the 19th century.
Emissions have risen so fast in recent years that the world has used up two-thirds of its carbon budget, the maximum amount of CO2 that can be emitted to have a likely chance of avoiding 2 degrees of warming, the IPCC report said.
"This report makes it clear that if you are serious about the 2-degree goal ... there is nowhere to hide," said Alden Meyer of the Union of Concerned Scientists, an advocacy group. "You can't wait several decades to address this issue."
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the report demands "ambitious, decisive and immediate action."
"Those who choose to ignore or dispute the science so clearly laid out in this report do so at great risk for all of us and for our kids and grandkids," Kerry said in a statement.
The IPCC said the cost of actions such as shifting to solar and wind power and other renewable sources and improving energy efficiency would reduce economic growth only by 0.06 percent annually.
Pachauri said that should be measured against the implications of doing nothing, putting "all species that live on this planet" at peril.
The report is meant as a scientific roadmap for the U.N. climate negotiations, which continue next month in Lima, Peru. That's the last major conference before a summit in Paris next year, where a global agreement on climate action is supposed to be adopted.
The biggest hurdle is deciding who should do what. Rich countries are calling on China and other major developing countries to set ambitious targets; developing countries saying the rich have a historical responsibility to lead the fight against warming and to help poorer nations cope with its impacts. The IPCC avoided taking sides, saying the risks of climate change "are generally greater for disadvantaged people and communities in countries at all levels of development."
___
Karl Ritter can be followed on Twitter at http://twitter.com/karl_ritter
More:

Horrifying Scale Of ISIS Massacre EmergesISIS Militants Kill Over 300 Members Of Defiant Iraqi Tribe
Reuters
reddit
By Michael Georgy
BAGHDAD, Nov 2 (Reuters) - Islamic State militants have  killed 322 members of an Iraqi tribe in western Anbar province,  including dozens of women and children whose bodies were dumped  in a well, the government said in the first official  confirmation of the scale of the massacre.
The systematic killings, which one tribal leader said were  continuing on Sunday, marked some of the worst bloodshed in Iraq  since the Sunni militants swept through the north in June with  the aim of establishing medieval caliphate there and in Syria.
The Albu Nimr, also Sunni, had put up fierce resistance  against Islamic State for weeks but finally ran low on  ammunition, food and fuel last week as Islamic State fighters  closed in on their village Zauiyat Albu Nimr.
"The number of people killed by Islamic State from Albu Nimr  tribe is 322. The bodies of 50 women and children have also been  discovered dumped in a well," the country's Human Rights  Ministry said on Sunday.
One of the leaders of the tribe, Sheik Naeem al-Ga'oud,  told Reuters that he had repeatedly asked the central government  and army to provide his men with arms but no action was taken.
State television said on Sunday that Prime Minister Haider  al-Abadi had ordered airstrikes on Islamic State targets around  the town of Hit in response to the killings.
Officials at a government security operations command center  in Anbar and civilians reached by Reuters said they had not  heard of or witnessed airstrikes.
STRATEGIC REGION
The fall of the village dampened the Shi'ite-led national  government's hopes the Sunni tribesmen of Anbar -- who once  helped U.S. Marines defeat al Qaeda -- would become a formidable  force again and help the army take on Iraq's new, far more  effective enemy.
U.S. airstrikes have helped Kurdish peshmerga fighters  retake territory in the north that Islamic State had captured in  its drive for an Islamic empire that redraws the map of the  Middle East.
But the picture in Anbar is more precarious.
Islamic State already controls most of the vast desert  province which includes towns in the Euphrates River valley  dominated by Sunni tribes, running from the Syrian border to the  western outskirts of Baghdad.
If the province falls, it could give Islamic State a better  chance to make good on its threat to march on the capital.
Ga'aud said 75 more members of his tribe were killed on  Sunday under the same scenario -- they were hunted down while  trying to escape from Islamic State, shot dead execution-style  and dumped near the town of Haditha.
The Albu Nimr leader also said Islamic State killed 15 high  school and college students in Zauiyat Albu Nimr and that, apart  from an air drop, there had been no help from the U.S.-led air  campaign.
Security and government officials could not be immediately  reached to confirm the latest killings.
In Anbar, the militants are now encircling a large air base  and the vital Haditha dam on the Euphrates. Fighters control  towns from the Syrian border to parts of provincial capital  Ramadi and into the lush irrigated areas near Baghdad.     (Editing by Philippa Fletcher)
Related on HuffPost:

Heavy Fighting In Kobani After Peshmerga Join BattleHeavy Fighting In Kobani After Peshmerga Join Battle
Reuters
Updated:
11/03/2014  1:59 pm EST
Smoke rises above the Syrian city of Kobani after an airstrike by the US led coalition, seen from a hilltop on the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border Sunday, Nov. 2, 2014.  (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
By Mariam Karouny and Omer Berberoglu
BEIRUT/MURSITPINAR, Turkey, Nov 2 (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish  fighters have joined the fight against Islamic State militants  in Kobani, hoping their support for fellow Kurds backed by  U.S.-led air strikes will keep the ultra-hardline group from  seizing the Syrian border town.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the  civil war, said heavy clashes erupted in Kobani and that both  sides had suffered casualties, while the U.S. military said it  had launched more air raids on Islamic State over the weekend.
Idriss Nassan, deputy minister for foreign affairs in Kobani  district, said Iraqi Kurds using long-range artillery had joined  the battle on Saturday night against Islamic State, which holds  parts of Syria and Iraq as part of an ambition to redraw the map  of the Middle East.
"The peshmerga joined the battle late yesterday and it made  a big difference with their artillery. It is proper artillery,"  he told Reuters.
"We didn't have artillery we were using mortars and other  locally made weapons. So this is a good thing."
Nassan did not elaborate and it was not immediately possible  to verify that progress against Islamic State had been made.
The arrival of the 150 Iraqi fighters -- known as peshmerga  or "those who confront death" -- marks the first time Turkey has  allowed troops from outside Syria to reinforce Syrian Kurds, who  have been defending Kobani for more than 40 days.
ALL EYES ON KOBANI
"They are supporting the YPG. They have a range of  semi-heavy weapons," said Jabbar Yawar, secretary general of the  peshmerga ministry in the Kurdish region in northern Iraq,  referring to the main Syrian Kurdish armed group.
Eyewitnesses in the Mursitpinar area on the Turkish side of  the border from Kobani said two rockets were fired on Saturday  night.
A Reuters witness said fighting on Sunday was heavier than  in the last two days, noting a strike in the late morning and  the sound of three explosions.
Attention has focused on Kobani, seen as key test of the  effectiveness of American air strikes, and of whether combined  Kurdish forces can fend off Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot  made up of Arabs and foreign fighters.
Air strikes have helped to foil several attempts by Islamic  State, notorious for its beheading of hostages and opponents, to  take over Kobani.
But they have done little to stop its advances, in  particular in Sunni areas of western Iraq, where it has been  executing hundreds of members of a tribe that resisted its  territorial gains.
In their latest air strikes, U.S. military forces staged  seven attacks on Islamic State targets in Syria on Saturday and  Sunday and were joined by allies in two more attacks in Iraq,  the U.S. Central Command said.
In the Kobani area, five strikes hit five small Islamic  State units, while two strikes near Dayr Az Zawr 150 miles (240  km) to the southeast in Syria destroyed an Islamic State tank  and vehicle shelters.
U.S. and partner nations hit small Islamic State units near  the Iraqi cities of Baiji, north of Baghdad, and Falluja, in  Anbar province to the west of the capital.
The ultra-hardline Islamic State regards Iraq's majoriy  Shi'ites as infidels who deserve to be killed.
The group is expected to try and deploy suicide bombers to  inflict mass casualties as Shi'ites prepare for the religious  festival of Ashura, an event that has been marred by sectarian  bloodshed in the past.
Two car bombs killed a total of 20 Shi'ite pilgrims in  different parts of Baghdad on Sunday, police and medics said.
Shi'ite militias and Kurdish peshmerga fighters stepped in  to try and fill a security vacuum after U.S,-funded Iraqi  military forces crumbled in the face of an Islamic State  onslaught in the north in June.
Islamic State inflicted humiliating defeats on the Kurds.
While the Kurds have retaken some territory with the support  of U.S. air strikes in the north, Islamic State faces limited  resistance in Iraq's western Anbar province, where its militants  last week executed over 300 hundred members of the Albu Nimr  tribe because it had defied the group for weeks.
In the first official confirmation of the scale of the  massacre, the Iraqi government said Islamic State had killed 322  members of the tribe, including dozens of women and children  whose bodies were dumped in a well.
The systematic killings, which one tribal leader said were  continuing on Sunday, marked some of the worst bloodshed in Iraq  since the Sunni militants swept through the north in June.
The Albu Nimr, also Sunni, had put up fierce resistance  against Islamic State for weeks but finally ran low on  ammunition, food and fuel last week as Islamic State fighters  closed in on their village at Zauiyat Albu Nimr.
"The number of people killed by Islamic State from Albu Nimr  tribe is 322. The bodies of 50 women and children have also been  discovered dumped in a well," Iraq's Human Rights Ministry said.
Since Islamic State declared a "caliphate" in large areas of  Syria and Iraq in June, the militants have lost hundreds if not  thousands of fighters in battles against other Sunni rebels,  Islamist groups, forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar  al-Assad and in U.S.-led air strikes.
Fighters inside the group say that it receives hundreds of  volunteers every month, which helps it carry our more attacks.  It also received pledges of allegiances from Islamist groups in  places such as Pakistan, Africa and some Arab states.     (Writing by Michael Georgy; editing by Giles Elgood and  Philippa Fletcher)
More:

Iran Jails British-Iranian Woman Over Men s Volleyball ProtestIran Jails British-Iranian Woman Ghoncheh Ghavami Over Men's Volleyball Protest
 | By                                                                ADAM SCHRECK
reddit
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — An Iranian-British woman detained while trying to attend a men's volleyball game in Iran has been found guilty of spreading propaganda against the ruling system and sentenced to a year in prison, her lawyer said Sunday.
Britain immediately raised concerns about Ghoncheh Ghavami's trial. The case highlighted the limits to free expression inside Iran and efforts by authorities to enforce strict interpretations of Islamic norms despite a policy of greater openness being pursued by moderate President Hassan Rouhani.
The 25-year-old woman's brother, Iman Ghavami, said the family had been hoping she would be set free based on time already served since her June arrest. They are still trying to get official details of the verdict, he said.
"We're disappointed and kind of shocked. We really hoped she'd be released," he told The Associated Press.
Ghavami's lawyer, Mahmoud Alizadeh Tabatabaei, said in an interview that a court found her guilty of "propagating against the ruling system." Tabatabaei said he was shown the text of the verdict but is still waiting to receive it officially.
"I was told at the court today that my client's case has been referred back to the prosecutor because Ghavami is facing new charges. So, the verdict was not given to me," he said.
Tabatabaei didn't elaborate what the new charges are or why fresh charges have been raised against his client now.
Ghavami was detained in June at Tehran's Freedom Stadium after trying to attend a men's volleyball match between Iran and Italy.
She is a graduate of the University of London's School of Oriental and African Studies and had been volunteering to help street kids in Iran for a few months, her brother said.
Women are banned from attending male-only matches in Iran. Ghavami tried to enter the stadium with other women to protest the ban, according to Amnesty International. Female photographers inside the complex were also ordered to leave, though none was arrested.
Ghavami was held along with the other protesters for a few hours before being released. She was detained again a few days later and stood trial last month. Her brother said she had no access to her lawyer until it came time for her court hearing.
"This whole case has been full of abnormalities," Iman Ghavami said.
Ghavami has been held in solitary confinement for much of her time at Tehran's Evin prison, according to Amnesty. She went on hunger strike at one point last month to protest her detention.
The rights group sharply criticized Sunday's verdict and called Ghavami a prisoner of conscience.
"It's an outrage that a young woman is being locked up simply for peacefully having her say about how women are discriminated against in Iran," Amnesty International UK Director Kate Allen said.
Iman Ghavami said he believes authorities singled out his sister from the other female protesters because she holds both British and Iranian citizenship. Iranian authorities do not recognize dual nationalities for its citizens and treats them as Iranians under law.
The British Foreign Office expressed doubts about the sentence Sunday.
"We have concerns about the grounds for this prosecution, due process during the trial and Miss Ghavami's treatment whilst in custody," it said in a statement.
Iran's moderate President Rouhani has faced resistance from hard-liners who feel he is too soft on those who challenge strict interpretations of Islam.
In one case earlier this year, six young Iranian men and women who shot a video of themselves dancing together and unveiled to Pharrell Williams' "Happy" were arrested along with the film's director for allegedly breeching Islamic norms. They received suspended sentences of jail terms and lashes in September.
Iran's judiciary spokesman, Gholam Hossein Mohseni Ejehi, has criticized reports linking Ghavami's arrest to volleyball, saying last month: "Her case has nothing to do with sports."
___
Associated Press writers Ali Akbar Dareini in Tehran, Iran, and Danica Kirka in London contributed reporting.
___
Follow Adam Schreck on Twitter at www.twitter.com/adamschreck
More:

Keep a hawk eye on your homeUber cab rape case: Driver accused of assaulting Delhi woman arrested in Mathura
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
A radio cab driver accused of raping a woman executive in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura in Uttar Pradesh on Sunday following day-long raids. Shiv Kumar Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night.  He was being brought to New Delhi and was due to appear in a city court on Monday.

How to reform and how not toUpdated: November 4, 2014 01:25 IST
How to reform and how not to
Mihir Shah
government
Every effort needs to be made to reform MGNREGA, as it has been both a major success and a huge failure. The best way for this is to study carefully the conditions that made it a success and also to undertake a diagnostics of its failures
An impression has gained ground in recent weeks that the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government at the Centre is inimical to the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA). Part of the reason for this is the notion that this was a “partisan” programme benefitting only a certain political dispensation. The short history of the programme makes it clear that this is patently untrue. Indeed, some of the best work under MGNREGA has happened in Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-ruled States.
This year, the National Award for Leadership in MGNREGA Implementation went to the Government of Chhattisgarh. The Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh is a strong votary of the programme, and under his dynamic leadership, some of the most innovative work in implementing MGNREGA on watershed principles has been initiated. Nitish Kumar, as Chief Minister of Bihar, worked hard to explore imaginative, decentralised solutions to the flood problem, using resources available under MGNREGA. Tamil Nadu, under Ms. Jayalalithaa, has been one of the best performing States. And the Chief Minister of Odisha has taken important steps in recent years to make MGNREGA a success in the tribal regions of the State.
State inputs
It is clear that where the leadership has understood the potential of the programme, every effort has been made to make it more effective, and this is true across the political spectrum. I can personally testify to the remarkable inputs that almost all State governments gave to the committee set up under my chairmanship to reform the programme and create MGNREGA 2.0, which helped to introduce a large number of new productivity- enhancing works and build synergies between MGNREGA and agriculture.
This is not to say that the programme has been an unqualified success. Indeed, every effort needs to be made to reform MGNREGA, as the programme has been both a major success and a huge failure. The best way to reform such a programme is to study carefully the conditions that made it a success and also to undertake a diagnostics of its failures, so as to learn how best to fix it. The NDA government is rightly concerned with the many failures of the programme in not being able to generate more than 50 days of work per annum, in the poor quality of assets created, in the delays in payments to workers and also in the inability of the really needy areas of the country to take full advantage of the programme.
Insights
All of these problems need to be addressed. The best way to do so is to study where the programme has been able to deliver. I have in mind the thousands of villages where water harvesting structures have been created, agriculture has improved, nearly 100 days of work has been provided, distress migration has reduced and women have been empowered. MGNREGA is one programme where all this has been rigorously documented by scholars from all over the world. This research also throws up insights on the features that characterise locations where success has become possible: one, availability of strong technical support to the main implementing agency, the gram panchayat; two, capacities to undertake decentralised planning exercises and creation of a robust shelf of works; three, awareness among MGNREGA work-seekers of their entitlements and procedures under the programme; four, active and vibrant gram sabhas, which debate and decide the works to be undertaken and all procedures related to the programme; five, open and effective social audits that check corruption; six, accountable gram panchayats, where the leadership responds to the legitimate demands and grievances of the people; and seven, a system that ensures timely payment of wages.
A lot of what the NDA government is proposing clearly reflects a desire to learn from these successes and merits strong support. For example, the proposal to focus on the 2,500 most backward blocks of the country is a step in the right direction.
Regional backwardness
Chief Ministers have long emphasised the need to understand India’s regional backwardness in terms of blocks rather than districts. Many advanced districts in India hide pockets of backwardness and not all blocks in the so-called backward districts may be equally deprived. As Member, Planning Commission, I oversaw a remarkable exercise to rank India’s subdistricts in order of backwardness. The importance of this exercise for a programme like MGNREGA is that demand for work has been shown to be the highest in these most backward subdistricts. Hence, the NDA government has correctly sought to focus intensive participatory planning exercises in the 2,500 most backward subdistricts and also set up cluster facilitation teams there. These teams are multidisciplinary teams of professionals who will support gram panchayats in these 2,500 subdistricts to effectively plan and implement MGNREGA. The teams include social mobilisers who will help generate greater awareness about the programme among work-seekers.
This is an excellent example of learning from the successes of MGNREGA and I am extremely optimistic that this reform will lead to more effective implementation of the programme where the demand for it is the greatest. What should not be done, however, is to say that work-seekers in other areas of the country will not be provided work on demand. The very raison d'eˆtre of MGNREGA is that it is a legal guarantee for work. It is undoubtedly true that the attempt to universalise the programme in a top-down manner went against the spirit of the Act and also encouraged a proliferation of corrupt practices, in an eagerness to show expenditure on the programme, even where there was no demand for it. I describe this as the “U without Q” (universalisation without quality) syndrome that afflicts many of our flagship programmes. In the rush to universalise, we compromise the quality of work and at times create perverse effects, such as the incentivisation of corruption. For example, there are countless instances of labour-scarce areas in the country, where the pressure to spend under MGNREGA led to contractors, in collusion with bureaucrats, deploying machines for doing the work and fudging entries in job-cards of workers, who sat at home and pocketed part of the wages. To avoid such situations, it is imperative that the demand-driven character of MGNREGA be deeply respected. For the self-identification of beneficiaries is the most powerful element of the programme. But, by the same token, when there is demand for work, it cannot and must not be denied.
Wage-material ratio
Finally, to the vexed question of the wage-material ratio, which has been fixed at 60:40 under the programme. There is a notion that it is this ratio that has led to the creation of poor quality assets under the programme. That such a myth can endure in a country with a rich tradition of earthen engineering, where water security was traditionally provided to millions of people through earthen water harvesting structures, is a matter of great sorrow. Each of these structures was designed in a truly location-specific manner, based on a deep understanding and study of local geology, soil types, topography and rainfall patterns and based on intricate engineering techniques, designed and perfected over centuries of practice, deeply grounded in rich, local, cultural traditions. It is real testimony to how divided we have become as a nation that planners and policymakers, sitting in distant urban locations, show such deep ignorance of our rich social, ecological and cultural heritage, from which we have so much to learn. They also seem completely oblivious that the 21st century is seeking to make a break with energy-heavy, fossil fuel- based technologies and seeking to build with green materials.
As a matter of fact, excellent earthen engineering work has been done under MGNREGA, where care was taken to learn from these traditions and also to empower gram panchayats to understand the principles underlying this watershed approach. Changing the wage-material ratio in a blanket fashion has the inherent danger of converting this people-centred programme, into a contractor-machinery driven one, which would further weaken grass-roots democracy in India.
There is, however, a case to be made for permitting greater flexibility in this ratio in certain parts of the country, where material costs tend to be exorbitantly high: the Himalayan region, for instance, where transport costs are steep, or deserts where long distances need to be traversed. In such regions, lowering the wage-material ratio could actually enable more work to be provided under MGNREGA. This has been a long-standing demand of some States. Elsewhere, there is abundant scope for individual works with a lower wage-material ratio, because it is only the average that needs to be 60:40. Many such works were introduced into the programme by my committee and are doing very well on the ground. Thus, there is enough flexibility that has already been created. Doing more than what is warranted by these legitimate concerns, would be to compromise the fundamental power of the MGNREGA.
(Mihir Shah is a grass-roots activist who has lived and worked for 25 years in the tribal villages of Central India. From 2009 to 2014, he was Member, Planning Commission, Government of India.)

Flights delayed: AI passsengers face tough timeUber cab rape case: Driver accused of assaulting Delhi woman arrested in Mathura
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
A radio cab driver accused of raping a woman executive in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura in Uttar Pradesh on Sunday following day-long raids. Shiv Kumar Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night.  He was being brought to New Delhi and was due to appear in a city court on Monday.

Google aims for 500 mn Indian internet users by 2017How Google’s Amitabh Kumar Singhal plans to increase Indian Internet users to 500 million by 2017
Jayadevan PK & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 10.51AM IST
Tags:
Amitabh Kumar Singhal
(Singhal’s India visit…)
NEW DELHI: Google search has answers to most of your questions. But not all. If Amitabh Kumar Singhal succeeds in making the 'Star Trek computer' he set out to build, it just might. At Google, the 46-year old India-born executive is the search czar. Google fields over 100-billion search queries every month, a service which generated most of its $55 billion (Rs 3.3 lakh crore) revenue in 2013.
In India, there is also another important target on his mind-—helping increase the number of internet users to 500 million by 2017. That is more than a twofold increase in less than three years, demonstrating the scale of Google's ambitions in the country.
"That's almost half the country. Imagine how that would change the fabric of this country," said Singhal, whose parents live in Dehradun and who calls himself a "native mountain goat from Uttaranchal."
Singhal's India visit follows that of Google product chief Sundar Pichai , who was in the country in September and launched the first phones based on the Android One platform.
Last month, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg was in India and the major themes of his conversation was to rapidly expand internet access, illustrating the importance of India as a market and how vital it is for companies such as Google and Facebook to bring users online quickly and onto their services first.
With new competitors, the increasingly mobile nature of users and social networks, the way people look for information is changing rapidly. Ask Singhal about the future of search, and he says that it should be like the "perfect assistant," always present by your side.
"It's not intrusive, fades in the background and you can ask it anything you want and periodically it will tap you on the shoulder and tell you what you need to know," said Singhal, who led the team which rewrote Google's search engine way back in 2001.
Singhal grew in the seventies watching Star Trek reruns on state-run television, wanting to build Captain Kirk's computer, or the perfect assistant, which has answers to all questions. After graduating from IIT- Roorkee, he went to study in the United States.
His days now are usually packed with meetings--mostly about old projects that Google has started and about new projects that will keep Google on top of its game. Continuously improving the search experience is a priority for him.
So how long before we have the perfect assistant? "As I start thinking it is perfect, people start asking things it can't do. So my job is never done," said Singhal, who has been working on search technologies for nearly 23 years now.
India, which is home to over 1.2 billion people, is becoming increasingly important in Google's scheme of things. To make his point, he whips out his new Nexus phone and asks in Hindi to show him to "Nai Dilli Railway Station." Google Maps pops up with his destination charted out in Hindi.
"In the mobile world, we have to understand natural languages," said Singhal, who visits his parents in Dehradun twice every year. The company launched Hindi voice search on Monday at an event in Delhi.
Google also launched the Indian Language Internet Alliance to promote Indic content on the web at the event. "The Star Trek computer which was only available to a few Starship users is now going to be available to everyone in the world," said Singhal, who is here to participate in the 25th alumni gathering of the class of 1989 at IIT- Roorkee.
In September, Google launched its ambitious Android One initiative for affordable smartphones. At the time, Pichai had said that the company has plans to take up more India-specific initiatives.
Bringing search to local languages is not an easy task. "People mix languages all the time. The level of detail you need to work at is really high," he said. For instance, he pointed out, people might just say "Amitabh Bachchan ki photo," out of which photo is not a Hindi word. The Indian market also poses fundamental challenges to Internet companies like Google.
The first challenge is to bring local content online and the second is to increase access to the internet. "Even though we can bring devices with our partners, the connectivity has to be affordable, non-stop, and high bandwidth," said Singhal.
As the search giant grows, it is also increasingly being scrutinised by various governments on issues of privacy and its alleged abuse of its dominant market position. "Genuinely we are a responsible company but with our size and impact on this world, we get scrutinised and it is only natural," said Singhal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google with Indian smartphone makers to embed Hindi keyboardsAndroid L
(At present, most smartphones…)
NEW DELHI: Internet search giant Google plans to tie up with smartphone makers in India to install its Hindi keyboards on the devices that will be sold to millions of users who know the language, the most widely spoken in the country.
The partnerships, which will be similar to the Indian Language Internet Alliance (ILIA) announced on Monday, will also allow the Hindi keyboard to be available through software updates on existing smartphones, making it easier for mobile phone users to type out emails and messages in the local language. "We're looking at setting up a similar alliance with OEMs (original equipment makers) where the Hindi keyboard can be installed as a standard keyboard across OEMs," Kapil Khosla, Google India's product lead, told ET. "Initial discussions are on."
At present, most smartphones have Hindi and language support but when typing out an e-mail or message, the keyboard remains in English, a barrier for users who aren't comfortable with the language.
About 71% of India's 924 million mobile phone users still use feature phones and are being increasingly wooed to shift to smartphones. A feature such as the Hindi keyboard may increase smartphone penetration in India through which most people would have their first Internet experience.
On Monday, Google announced the ILIA - a partnership with content makers and technology providers that will focus on bringing regional content to Internet users in India. It also launched a Hindi keyboard, voice search in Hindi and hindiweb.com, a portal that will help users find Hindi-related content like such as websites, blogs, apps and videos.
"The biggest barrier for adoption of Internet in India now is language," said Rakesh Deshmukh, Co-Founder and CEO of Firstouch, one of ILIA's founding members. "A lot of people who want to use Internet prefer not to because they are intimidated by the use of English on these devices."
Google aims to change this and is likely to find a lot of takers in native language speaking rural areas who make up a large proportion of India's mobile phone users.
Khosla said smartphones which get Android L, the upcoming version of Google's operating system, would automatically have the Hindi keyboard installed on the devices.
Android One devices, which are backed by Google and sold by domestic handset vendors Micromax , Karbonn and Spice , along with Google Nexus and Motorola smartphones are likely to be the first ones to get the Android L operating system. Google is yet to announce the date for the update's availability in India.
"India is adding 5 million Internet users every month and all of them are on mobile. Our aim is to get 500 million users online by 2017," said Rajan Anandan , Vice President and MD of Google India .
Amit Singhal, Google's senior vice president of search, said the Internet giant's mission is to ensure the world's information is universally accessible, and this includes millions of users in India who are about to come online for the first time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NRI billionaire plans to give Rs 500 cr for UttarakhandYou are here: Home > Collections > Uttarakhand
NRI billionaire entrepreneur Manoj Bhargava to give Rs 500 crore for Uttarakhand's development
Saumya Bhattacharya, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 02.54PM IST
Tags:
Living Essentials
(Bhargava, who is one of the…)
NEW DELHI: NRI billionaire entrepreneur Manoj Bhargava , one of the few Indians to sign the 'The Giving Pledge', is set to announce a plan to give Rs 500 crore over six years for a development programme in Uttarakhand.
Bhargava, who is one of the richest Indians in America, has already given more than Rs 300 crore to over 151 organisations across India, with 406 completed or ongoing projects in the areas of healthcare, education, disability, livelihood, water and sanitation, in the past five years, through The Hans Foundation (THF).
The foundation will on Tuesday announce the Rs 500-crore 'investment' in Uttarakhand 2020, a comprehensive statewide development programme focusing on disease prevention, child education and forest regeneration in Uttarakhand.
"We have created pockets of change in each of the 25 states where THF has worked. We are now pooling the best of what we have learned and scaling it up in Uttarakhand," says Bhargava.
"By the year 2020, we aim to create a massive change across Uttarakhand in one of the nation's most powerful village development programmes," says Bhargava, who has visited India regularly in the past five years.
Bhargava is an entrepreneur, philanthropist and founder & CEO of Living Essentials , which sells '5-hour Energy' shots. Retail sales are estimated to be in the vicinity of $1 billion.
Early in his life, Bhargava did a variety of jobs and worked as a construction labourer, construction cleaning contractor, accounting clerk, taxi driver, printing press operator and business manager before he became a billionaire entrepreneur riding on the success of Living Essentials.
His foundation chose Uttarakhand as "it is the cradle of Indian civilisation, and a place most in need of large-scale development initiatives". The project is designed to significantly improve the quality of life of the low-income communities of the state.
Energy, water and health are the most critical elements for people, says Bhargava, adding, "Charity is very difficult to do right. Thinking through what people need: You can't start a charity without that. It's like starting a business without the product."
The Hans Foundation is a charitable trust fund that was created in 2009 to provide a source of endowment for not-for-profit organisations in India. As one of India's largest funds, THF provides grants and financial aid to grassroots organisations that are able to directly serve communities and also partners with larger international organisations for increased impact and large-scale work. Till August 2014, the foundation worked with partners to impact the lives of close to 600,000 people.
Bhargava's foundations include Knowledge Medical Charitable Trust and Rural India Charitable Trust. Both have funded medical research in the US and over 400 charities in India. Two of the major initiatives are hospitals for the poor and education for disadvantaged women in rural areas.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian philanthropic money into think-tanks silencing foreign funding questionIndian philanthropic money into think-tanks silencing foreign funding question
Naren Karunakaran, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.24AM IST
(The CGD, citing its considerable…)
Think-tanks are under scrutiny. In September, the Norwegian funding to a US think-tank—the Centre for Global Development (CGD), where India's chief economic advisor Arvind Subramanian was senior fellow prior to his recent appointment—resulted in a huge uproar.
The funding, allegedly, was to influence the trajectory of an American foreign aid programme. The CGD, citing its considerable work on reducing global poverty and inequality, maintained it would never be influenced by sources of funding. It added that details on its funders, and amounts, were on its website and that it had nothing to hide. The imbroglio has however re-opened the debate on foreign funding of think-tanks, on the need for funding transparency, on the buying of and peddling influence, on the thin line between think-tanks and lobbyists.
Colours Of Money
Indian philanthropists are aware of the risks of engaging with the knowledge-shaping process, but are clear it has to be done. Many believe that Indian think-tanks have to be funded by Indians and that the influx of foreign money into the thinking of a nationstate can be perilous.
"Who is funding, and why, becomes critical, especially while engaging on decisionmaking related to sovereign functions of a state," says Nitin Pai, co-founder of The Takshashila Institution, a relatively new Bangalore-based think-tank. For issues without a defence or strategic colour, foreign money does flow into all sorts of non-profits, though even that is under the lens lately.
CV Madhukar, who co-founded PRS Legislative Research, had a near-death experience when foreign sources evaporated a few years ago due to governmental intervention. PRS was eventually resurrected by quick thinking Indian philanthropists who decided it did have a role to play in the governance process.
Madhukar recounts how his team receive frantic calls from MPs, before and during parliamentary sessions, seeking answers or explanations on a whole range of bills and issues, some as basic as 'what is fiscal deficit?' "It's good to see Indian philanthropy evolving and beginning to touch issues of research and policy," says Madhukar, who now leads Omidyar Network's drive on governance in India.
Colours Of Debate
Rohini Nilekani and her husband Nandan, Infosys co-founder, have made one of the biggest commitments in this space: around Rs 50 crore to the Bangalore-based Indian Institute for Human Settlements, which focuses on urbanisation issues, critical for a developing economy like ours. Rohini is seen to lean slightly towards the left of centre for she doesn't look upon free markets as a saviour of mankind. However, she has, on her own, funded think-tanks across the left to the right ideological spectrum.
She also helped Takshashila, with a clear pro-market agenda, get off the ground. Nitin Pai reveals that Rohini, as the angeldonor to the institution, made it clear that she disagreed with him on many contentious developmental issues but would still like to support him. Has her money changed the thinking process at Takshashila? No, he says. He wouldn't have taken the money if the intent was to influence his thinking. "I cannot influence how people think; wouldn't want to either," explains Rohini. "But it's important to have people of authenticity and integrity speaking up on issues, in a non-polarising way." The idea is to trigger healthy debates, to have multiplicity of voices, of all hues and biases.
Colours Of Approach
Transparency, therefore, is critical in the think-tank space. It is important for the public to know who has funded the think-tank and what its leanings are. It can prevent mishaps like that of a BBC interview of a thinktank director who pontificated on cigarette packaging regulations last year, without the disclosure that his institute had been funded by tobacco companies.
Luis Miranda, former CEO of IDFC PE, is backing the Centre for Civil Society and Gateway House for he believes the Indian system continues to be steeped in socialistic thinking and that "JNU types" —implying left leaning, from the Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi—wield disproportionate influence.
He is also keen to cut into newer areas of integrating the voice of business in foreign policy approaches. "The issue is not of capital or FDI from China, we need the right policies for the world to come our doors," he says, and explains how Indian IT and pharma companies, our strengths as a nation, have scant opportunities in China. "Can we work with the government on this?" he asks.
The trickle of Indian philanthropic money into the think-tank space is also expected to trigger some rigour into research. All along we have had views and narratives masquerading as research or deep thinking. It's about time to jettison this approach and embrace a whole array of social science techniques and tools to deal with complex issues. It's important to infuse credibility into the process. "We are moving to becoming a very questioning society," explains Pai.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Indian philanthropists are channeling their wealth to deepen democracyHow Indian philanthropists are channeling their wealth to deepen democracy and governance
Naren Karunakaran, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.10AM IST
Tags:
Anu Aga
(Why are Nilekani and Madhukar…)
Philanthropist Rohini Nilekani believes mainstream media is weighed down by many handicaps and, therefore, wants to co-create an entirely new media platform primarily funded by donor money. While it's too early to reveal details of the new media entity taking shape, she says, it will be fairly meaningful in size and impact, and not some facile effort at tinkering on the sidelines.
She draws inspiration from the early experiences of a mercurial fellow philanthropist and the humungous potential a digital economy offers. Media is crying to be reinvented for a new age. Billionairephilanthropist Pierre Omidyar, founder of eBay, has recognised this and is first off the block. He has committed $250 million to a radically new media platform, First Look Media, which has in its ranks journalists like Glenn Greenwald, who reported on the Edward Snowden documents. Omidyar pitches First Look as a "model for great journalism, free from financial and political interference".
Nilekani too is keen to craft and support a countervailing voice. "A canary in the mine, warning of approaching complications, whether in the corporate space or in society," she explains. CV Madhukar, co-founder of PRS Legislative Research (PRS) who is now leading Omidyar Network in India is a pivotal actor in the new effort. "We want the media business to be sustainable," he says. "We are keen student- investors, and we want to learn what might work."
Why are Nilekani and Madhukar keen on the media space? It's not a desire to be media moguls of sorts. It stems from an inclination to help alter the governance framework in India. Media is one of the vehicles to achieve this goal. Their thinking, in a way, also signifies a certain maturing of Indian philanthropy, which is now readying to enter the so-called no-go areas.
Improving Governance
"Unless the governance piece is put in place, I don't think we can have an India where we would be happy to live in," says Anu Aga, former chairperson of Thermax and Rajya Sabha member. "We have to stand up and speak out to protect the very fabric of our society, our democracy, the freedoms we so cherish."
Aga is not involved in the media initiative, but has always been a keen votary for reforms in the way India is governed. She was an early supporter of two non-profits: Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), campaigning for electoral and political reforms, and PRS, which extends independent, non-partisan research support to Parliamentarians and legislators. For Nilekani, who has been working on issues in water and education, the realisation that governance had to be addressed flows from the impediments she has faced even as a do-gooder.
Even putting quality textbooks in the hands of school children has been a frustrating experience for her. "The political economy of the procurement process in education is horrendous," she laments. Breaking out of the verticals, the silos, was inevitable.
Cross-cutting, horizontal issues of governance have to figure on the philanthropy radar for any meaningful change to happen. Nilekani is now willing to channel much of the Rs 164 crore she raised recently by selling her Infosys shares into this space over the next three years. She is already supporting a host of initiatives, including in media, data access and think-tanks. She is not alone.
Luis Miranda, former CEO of IDFC Private Equity, is putting his weight behind think-tanks like the Delhi-based Centre for Civil Society and the Mumbai-based Gateway House. Down south in Bangalore, Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw of Biocon and TV Mohandas Pai, former director of Infosys, have jumped into the rough-and-tumble of the street-level political process itself through the Bangalore Political Action Committee (B.PAC).
The duo is endeavouring to dispel the notion that politics is dirty and is luring the moaning-andgroaning-but-will-not-act-or-vote types to engage with the political process at various levels. B.PAC even trains debutantes or potential politicians, and hopes to see 10-20% of city-level elected leaders coming from this stock in the near future. "Those who have made money have to reinvest in democracy," says Pai.
Winning Over Stakeholders
Very few are doing it. Not many philanthropists are keen on pursuing and funding governance, transparency and accountability initiatives. It's inexplicable in some ways for these are the very people who, as industry captains, CEOs, investors and professionals, bemoan the system, the corruption, the irresponsive nature of government.
The process of creating accountable governance can be long and tortuous. It also means challenging the might of the state. Working on governance is therefore political in many ways. How many in corporate India would want to be on the wrong side of the government?

The  Stop Bill Maher  UC Berkeley Petition Is How Islamists  Not Liberals  Promote Free Speechreddit
First and foremost, there's a new UC Berkeley petition in the name of free speech aimed at keeping Bill Maher's invitation to speak on campus. This petition makes reference to Berkeley being the "home of the Free Speech Movement" and is a relevant, thought provoking rebuttal to the petition against Maher's invitation. These two opposing petitions, and this debate, can only take place in a free society. Therefore, a further analysis of the controversy is needed before liberals on college campuses equate Bill Maher with a leftist Rush Limbaugh.
Before discussing the petition against Bill Maher by certain UC Berkeley students, it's important to separate real Islamophobia from emotionally charged, yet well-meaning debate. One type of speech should not be encouraged in pluralistic society and the other is the foundation of any democracy. To describe every outspoken viewpoint as "hate speech" stifles debate and discussion; something Islamists, fundamentalists in our country, and extremists around the world often times do when confronted with a viewpoint antithetical to their position.
When Bill Maher stated his provocative views on Islam alongside Sam Harris, I wrote a Huffington Post article siding with Ben Affleck. Nonetheless, I never made the mistake of equating Bill Maher with Bill O'Reilly. The truth is that Bill Maher, along with John Stewart, might be two of the greatest liberal voices of this generation. Now, this doesn't mean they're more influential politically than Harry Reid or Nancy Pelosi. It means that since news and entertainment have merged in this era, Maher and Stewart are the liberal foils to Rush Limbaugh and the rest of the conservative media machine. Their satire, wit, and voices are heard throughout the country, combating the loud and singular voices of the Tea Party, Fox News, and conservative talk radio. By virtue of representing liberal ideas through comedy and political insight, they work to counter the true demagogues in our society. Imagine a conservative version of Stephen Colbert mocking Chris Matthews. It wouldn't be funny or relevant and there are several reasons for this fact.
That being said, if you've ever watched Bill Maher's show, or his comedy specials, you'd know that demagoguery of ethnicities, or hate speech, or prejudice against racial groups isn't a part of his philosophy. While conservatives might relish the opportunity to link ISIS sleeper cells with the welfare sucking illegal immigrants at the border, or enact laws banning Sharia law (over 7 state legislatures have done so), Bill Maher is the antithesis of this mentality. Confusing Maher with the numerous politicians and media personalities who utilize Islamophobia to further their careers is embarking on a twisted road towards a dangerous, liberal groupthink.
So, let's compare Maher to the real bigots in our society.
In 2010, I wrote a Jerusalem Post article titled, What if they opposed a synagogue? I felt the need to do my part in defending fellow Muslim Americans from the hysteria over the ground zero mosque debate. Examples of the genuine hate speech and vitriol surrounding the issue can be found in the words of Newt Gingrich and other Republicans:
"The folks who want to build this mosque - who are really radical Islamists who want to triumphally prove that they can build a mosque right next to a place where 3,000 Americans were killed by radical Islamists - those folks don't have any interest in reaching out to the community. They're trying to make a case about supremacy." - Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a potential 2012 presidential candidate.
Some of the Muslim leaders associated with the mosque "are clearly terrorist sympathizers." - Kevin Calvey, a Republican running for Congress in Oklahoma.
"Mr. President, ground zero is the wrong place for a mosque." - Rick Scott, Republican candidate for Florida governor.
Leave it to the GOP to accuse American Muslims of "making a case about supremacy" and sympathizing with terrorists because of a mosque near ground zero; even though there was already a mosque in the World Trade Center and there were already mosques near ground zero.
Just recently, Bill O'Reilly and other Fox personalities displayed their usual ignorance pertaining to Islam by lamenting over Robert Bergdahl's beard. As quoted in a Talking Points Memo article in June, Islamophobia again reared its ugly head among conservatives:
"But it is Robert Bergdahl, the father, who is also engendering some controversy. He has learned to speak Pashto, the language of the Taliban, and looks like a Muslim," O'Reilly said on his show. "He is also somewhat sympathetic to Islam, actually thanking Allah right in front of the president."
..."Fox and Friends" co-host Brian Kilmeade attacked Bob Bergdahl and his beard on Tuesday morning.
"I mean, he says he was growing his beard because his son was in captivity. Well, your son's out now. So if you really don't -- no longer look like a member of the Taliban, you don't have to look like a member of the Taliban," Kilmeade said. "Are you out of razors?"
Apparently O'Reilly and Kilmeade never watched the bearded stars of Duck Dynasty or saw a picture of the Boston Red Sox roster . Nobody ever accused Phil Robertson of looking "like a member of the Taliban" or looking Muslim, but that's an example of real bigotry in our country. A Huffington Post article by SALDEF's Jasjit Singh explains the impact of such bigotry by O'Reilly and highlights how Islamophobia hurts all Americans, including Sikh Americans.
Bill Maher, however, is not Bill O'Reilly. Yes, he's made some sweeping generalizations about Islam, but these statements were made from the vantage point of a man who passionately critiques all religions. Maher's intent was the antithesis of Bill O'Reilly's motivation to correlate Bergdahl's beard to something inappropriate, or un-American. Both Bill Maher and Sam Harris, on that now famous debate with Affleck, cited certain facts with the aim of furthering liberal principles; not promoting fear for a political objective or furthering prejudice because of disdain towards Islam. Being able to differentiate between hatred and intense debate is an important skill in democracy and politics; merging prejudice with confrontational viewpoints only hampers free speech.
The petition against Maher's graduation speech at Berkeley makes the following outlandish claims:
This year, UC Berkeley has chosen to invite Bill Maher to speak. Bill Maher has made comments that are blatantly bigoted and racist and has no respect for the values UC Berkeley students and administration stand for. In a time where climate is a priority for all on campus, we cannot invite an individual who himself perpetuates a dangerous learning environment. Bill Maher's public statements on various religions and cultures are offensive and his dangerous rhetoric has found its way into our campus communities...
Sign this petition to boycott the decision to invite Bill Maher as a commencement speaker at the UC Berkeley Fall 2014 Commencement Ceremony.
First, Bill Maher's views were not "racist" or "bigoted." At worst, his statements on Islam might have been an overgeneralization of certain facts, perhaps taken out of context or made without reference to political or global realities. Maher had no intent or incentive to promote any fear or hatred towards anyone, so to deem his words "racist" ignores the basis of free speech in America.  Second, there's nothing "dangerous" about anything Bill Maher has stated about Islam. To use the word "dangerous" wreaks of fanaticism, especially since people like Bill O'Reilly and others actually do promote dangerous ideas and sentiments.
Furthermore, when Rula Jebreal compares Maher's invitation to Berkeley to an anti-Semite being invited to speak or to a talk show, she ignores one basic element of anti-Semitism: hatred. Maher doesn't hate Muslims, he is critiquing the lack of women's rights, or gay rights, or other rights within the Muslim world. Whether these critiques are fair is a matter of debate; something that takes place daily in American society and something that should never be stifled by crying wolf about racism.
Finally, the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace published a report titled Islamist Movements and the Democratic Process in the Arab World, highlighting the issues Islamists face with democracy:
Nevertheless, two issues raise questions about the Islamists' commitment to pluralism: the constant references by even the most liberal among them to the Islamic marji`iya and their seeming reluctance to embrace tolerance for all viewpoints. In discussing their political views, Islamists invariably profess to share the same values as liberals on everything, from women's participation to diplomatic relations with Israel, as long as everything is handled "within the framework of Islamic principles" and "in accordance with the true interests of the community."
Islamist parties that seek power through the political process are ardent advocates of civil and political rights and liberties, insisting on freedom of speech, religion, and association--within the Islamic marji`iya, of course. To many liberals, this has the threatening ring of Orwellian new-speak...
There are sometimes strong incentives for Islamist movements to launch strong attacks on certain forms of expression. Islamist movements often clash with liberals on issues of religious freedom when that becomes an effective tactic for mobilizing supporters or isolating opponents...
While stated with a bit more eloquence and nuance, some of the views expressed in the Carnegie report can be equated with Bill Maher's take on Islam. Does this mean the Carnegie Endowment is dangerous, racist, bigoted, and must never step foot on the UC Berkeley campus?
The day liberals confuse real talk and passionate debate with bigotry is the day Bill O'Reilly and Fox News shape the narrative of our nation. This petition doesn't defend Islam, or protect against prejudice, or promote any liberal or pluralistic values needed in a democracy. When Bill Maher, a man with the courage to stand up for democratic principles and the conviction to have views that deviate from the liberal consensus, is equated with bigotry, then America has lost something precious. I might not agree with Bill Maher about Islam, but I know he's not a racist and I know he's not Islamophobic; these categorizations entail intent, political motivation, and hatred. If the students of UC Berkeley deny themselves of hearing one of the great liberal voices of their generation speak on their own campus, freedom in this country will have experienced a great defeat.
Follow H. A. Goodman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/HAGOODMANAUTHOR
More:

We can be trailblazers in affordable housing  says Anand MahindraUpdated: June 17, 2014 22:31 IST
We can be trailblazers in affordable housing, says Anand Mahindra
Ramnath Subbu
Anand Mahindra, Chairman, Mahindra Group at a press conference in Mumbai on Monday. Photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
real estate
The Mahindra Group is making its debut in the affordable housing segment in Chennai. The project will come up in July 2014 under a new vertical, launched by group company Mahindra Lifespace Developers Ltd. (MLDL).
Speaking to The Hindu, Anand Mahindra, Chairman, Mahindra Group, and Anita Arjundas, Managing Director & CEO, MLDL, elaborated on the new venture:
Why is the group venturing into this segment and why now?
Anand Mahindra: We are trying to find the sweet spot in the market needs which is amenable to private enterprise, to the return on capital that shareholders want and a model that is scalable. We sense that if we get this right, we can be trailblazers and so many others can follow.
Getting it right means doing it proper.
There is a business process involved in terms of swiftness in the process of getting the land and the rapidity of your execution and so execution is critical in this business.
If it is done on time, done efficiently and you have quality, then you have a very replicable business model and there will be a wildfire in terms of how this part of the industry will increase.
Interestingly, it is combined with the whole ease of doing business in India. If the Prime Minister succeeds in making India a better place to do business — less red tape, ease in getting land, transparency in providing houses so that we can execute efficiently — there is no reason why this segment cannot be a very profitable segment.
The concept of affordable housing is still amorphous, and there is no standardization of size or price. What about this project?
Arjundas: The size of the units range between 350 sq. ft. and 650 sq. ft. and they will be one-bedroom-hall-kitchen (BHK) and two-BHK priced between Rs.10 lakh and Rs.20 lakh.
However, in Mumbai, we will also offer one-room-kitchen format. The location would vary city-wise. Transport linkages are important and both these projects are located 4 km from a railway station.
We are working in modules of 10-15 acres so projects would typically have 1,200 to 1,500 homes. The Chennai project covers 13 acres while the Mumbai project is of 15 acres. After getting these projects running this year, we plan to get two more in Maharashtra into the book in terms of having the land ready and starting the approval process. As we go forward, we will look at bigger projects.
Anand Mahindra: What we have to get right is the return on capital. So if you take that as your starting point and work backwards, then in any location, in order to get the return on capital depending on the price of land, the perception of affordability in that area, one will change the variable of size of the facility and that will become the variable.
What we do not want to get wrong is the return.
It is not about profit-making, but about ensuring that it becomes replicable. Only if it is attractive will you have a revolution in affordable housing.
What about funding for these projects?
Arjundas: For both projects, the land has been funded by internal accruals and construction will be driven by a combination of internal funding and cash flows that come from customers as we build. We are not seeking any borrowing. We believe if we get the returns and mathematics right, it is a very big project.
Anand Mahindra: This is a very profitable project if execution can be carried out as planned. We typically have margin structures lower than conventional real estate but if we look at return on capital employed, we are much higher. Because if it is about execution speeds, turning around faster, lower land costs, those would be significantly better and that is the key.

RBI Likely to Hold Rates Through the Fiscal: IcraMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Mumbai: Notwithstanding moderation in inflation, the Reserve Bank is likely to keep status quo on the policy rates this fiscal to check price rise expectations, says a report.
"We expect the central bank to stick to a firm anti-inflationary stance over the remainder of the current fiscal to rein in inflation expectations and impart credibility to its targets," Icra Ratings chief economist Aditi Nayar said in a report.
She, however, expects the apex bank to begin a rate-easing cycle in the first quarter of the next fiscal, with repo rate cuts of up to 50 basis points.
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan will announce the fifth bi-monthly monetary policy on December 2.
The rating agency sees CPI inflation in January 2015 to be well below the target of 8 per cent as per the glide path announced by the RBI, despite base effect waning after this month.
Retail inflation eased to 6.46 per cent in September, lowest since January 2012, from 7.73 per cent in August.
"While liquidity conditions for the rest of the fiscal would be guided by the extent of revival of the investment cycle, systemic liquidity is anticipated to remain comfortable, dampening various interest rates despite our expectation that the repo rate would remain unchanged at 8 per cent in FY15," she said.
Ms Nayar expects the RBI to continue to use term repos and overnight variable reverse repos as the primary tools for liquidity management.
She also said her agency sees GDP growth moderating to 5 per cent in the second quarter, down from 5.7 per cent in the first quarter. This is on account of factors like unfavourable kharif harvest, sluggish manufacturing, export slowdown and moderation in the pace of expansion of government spending.
"We maintain a GDP growth forecast of 5.3-5.5 per cent for this fiscal, which takes into account expectations of a mild improvement in manufacturing growth; some pickup in investment activity in fourth quarter; and a healthy rabi harvest offsetting kharif crop losses," the report said.
The rating agency has revised its forecast for credit growth during FY15 to 13.5-14.5 per cent from the previous estimate of 14-15 per cent, while maintaining its estimate for deposit growth at 12.75-13.50 per cent.
Credit growth is expected to recover moderately by fourth quarter of this fiscal as large ticket corporate loans pick up with an improvement in economic growth conditions.
However, following the decline in commodity prices, the working capital requirements of firms in various sectors would be lower, she said.
"The deregulation of diesel prices would lead to lower under-recoveries for OMCs, reducing their working capital needs," it said.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 19:17 (IST)

Binny replaces Aaron  selection meeting post-ponedMore
Binny replaces injured Aaron
Injured fast bowler Varun Aaron has been replaced by allrounder Stuart Binny in India's squad for the second and third ODIs against Sri Lanka.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
One man's loss is another's gain.Injured fast bowler Varun Aaron has been replaced by allrounder Stuart Binny in India's squad for the second and third ODIs against Sri Lanka. Aaron had injured the quadriceps muscle in his right leg while bowling his fifth over in the first ODI in Cuttack.
"Varun is with the team. He will be monitored by the physios, and based on the assessment at the moment he will recover in two weeks' time," BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel told ESPNcricinfo. "We have decided to let him remain with the team only so that the physio can take care of him. That's why in place of him, we have picked Binny."
The replacement decision was taken at a meeting of India's national selectors at the BCCI headquarters in Mumbai on Tuesday. The selectors were also scheduled to pick the squads for the fourth and fifth ODIs against Sri Lanka, and the Test series in Australia, but that selection was "postponed", the BCCI said in a release.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

In pics: One World Trade Center reopensprint
The silvery skyscraper that rose from the ashes of the September 11, 2001 terror attacks to become a symbol of American resilience has opened for business, as 175 employees of the magazine publishing giant Conde Nast settled into their first day of work there.
The opening of the country's tallest building on Monday, One World Trade Center, marked a symbolic return to a sense of normalcy for the site where the twin towers fell more than 13 years ago.
 
Employees stand in the lobby of the main entrance to the One World Trade Center tower in New York. The 104-story skyscraper built after 9/11 as the Freedom Tower but now simply called One World Trade Center welcomed publishing giant Conde Nast as its first tenant on Monday. (Reuters)
Members of the media try to interview employees as they enter One World Trade Center in New York. (AFP photo)
The sun rises next to One World Trade Center in this view from Jersey City, New Jersey. (AP photo)
A street level view of the One World Trade Center tower in New York. (Reuters)
People walk past One World Trade Center, which opened on November 3, 2014 in New York City. (AFP photo)
A man enters One World Trade Center in New York. (AFP photo)
People gather in the lobby of One World Trade Center in New York thirteen years after the September 11 terrorist attack. (AP photo)
Developer Douglas Durst speaks at a press conference announcing the opening of One World Trade Center on November 3, 2014 in New York City. (AFP photo)
Members of the media explore a model office, used to exhibit what a business space could look like on the 63rd floor of One World Trade Center, which opened for business in New York City. (AFP photo)
As a security guard looks on, employees chat inside One World Trade Center in New York. (AFP photo)

Zimbabwe ponders the struggle to industrialiseSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Delta boosted by lower oil pricesNovember 4, 2014 6:07 pm
Delta Air Lines boosted by lower oil prices
Mamta Badkar in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb0c55e0-6441-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ISIS Executes More Members Of Iraqi TribeIslamic State Executes More Members Of Iraqi Tribe
Reuters
Updated:
11/03/2014 12:59 pm EST
Houses are seen damaged after a bombing in al-Karma town, east of Fallujah, Iraq, Sunday, July 13, 2014. Sunni militants seized control of the Anbar city of Fallujah, and parts of Ramadi in January. The government has since reasserted its control of Ramadi, but Fallujah remains in insurgent hands. (AP Photo) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
BAGHDAD, Nov 3 (Reuters) - Islamic State militants have  executed 36 more members of an Iraqi tribe that had resisted the  Sunni militant group's advances in western Anbar Province for  weeks, a member of the tribe said on Monday.
"They were shot dead in Ramadi," said Hamdan al-Nimrawi of  the Albu Nimr tribe, which had already lost 322 people last week  in some of the worst bloodshed since the Sunni militants swept  through northern Iraq last June.
The killing spree started last week when Islamic State  militants began hunting down and executing large numbers of  tribesmen and dumping them in mass graves or on roadsides after  capturing their main village in Anbar.
The Albu Nimr tribe, which is also Sunni, had put up fierce  resistance against Islamic State for weeks but finally ran low  on ammunition, food and fuel last week as militant fighters  closed in on their village Zauiyat Albu Nimr.
Iraq's Human Rights Ministry said on Sunday Islamic State  militants had already killed 322 members of the tribe, including  dozens of women and children whose bodies were dumped in a well.
One leader of the tribe, Sheik Naeem al-Ga'oud, told  Reuters last week he had repeatedly asked the Shi'ite-led  central government and army to provide his men with arms but no  action was taken.
The fall of the village dampened the Baghdad government's  hopes the Sunni tribesmen of Anbar, who once helped U.S. Marines  defeat al Qaeda, would become a formidable force again and help  the army take on Iraq's new, far more effective enemy.
Islamic State already controls most of the vast desert  province running from the Syrian border to the western outskirts  of Baghdad. It includes towns in the Euphrates River valley  dominated by Sunni tribes.
If the province falls, it could give Islamic State a better  chance to make good on its threat to march on Baghdad.
In Anbar, the militants are now encircling a large air base  and the vital Haditha dam on the Euphrates. Fighters control  towns from the Syrian border to parts of provincial capital  Ramadi and into the lush irrigated areas near Baghdad.     (Writing by Michael Georgy; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
More:

N Sudarshan is Schwab-Jubilant Social Entrepreneur  2014Healthcare NGO Karuna Trust’s founder H Sudarshan emerged the winner of the India Social Entrepreneur of the Year 2014 award given by the Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship in partnership with the Jubilant Bhartia Foundation.
Magic Bus and Bodh Shiksha Samiti were the other finalists. There were 189 entries this year. 
While giving away the award and certificates to the three finalists, finance minister Arun Jaitley said: “CSR alone, in its very first year, is going to contribute about Rs. 14,000 crore to the (social) sector and that’s reasonably a large amount of money. This is going to increase year after year as corporate profits increase.”
The Indian society was currently “witnessing a passing phase or turning point,” he said, expressing hope that companies would enter charity in a big way. “Its impact will now be fully seen. (It will be) appreciated by even those who are otherwise unaware or unwilling to recognise the contribution.”
Karuna Trust has been operating to transform dysfunctional government primary healthcare centres (PHCs) into professional hubs of ‘last mile’ healthcare service delivery. It works through a public-private partnership (PPP) model where the government invests in infrastructure upgrade of the PHCs and Karuna Trust brings on board healthcare management systems and innovations.
Village health councils hold PHCs accountable for reporting higher health outcomes and functioning as zero-corruption zones. Karuna Trust has catered to over one million patients and reported health outcomes, among the highest in the country.
“It will motivate us to do more and bring recognition to the efforts,” Sudarshan said.
“Karuna Trust is working in (Maoist-affected) areas where even normal government machinery cannot enter,” Jaitley said.
“We hope these entrepreneurs and their work will serve as an inspiration to many more social innovators,” said Hilde Schwab, chairperson and co-founder of Schwab Foundation.
Shyam S Bhartia, chairman and MD and Hari S Bhartia, co-chairman and MD, Jubilant Life Sciences and founder directors of Jubilant Bhartia Foundation, said: “The social entrepreneurs are the dreamers, the innovators, the doers and most importantly, they are the pragmatic visionaries. Jubilant Bhartia Foundation looks forward to collaborating and supporting them with linkages and networks to increase their impact and scale.”
Schwab Foundation is a sister organisation of the World Economic Forum (WEF). The winner will be invited to join the foundation’s global community of over 250 social innovators.
The panel of judges met on Tuesday morning to select the winner. They included Shobhana Bhartia, chairperson and editorial director, HT Media Ltd; Sudha Pillai, board member, Jubilant Life Sciences;  David Aikman, MD, head of New Champions, WEF; Neelam Chhiber, MD, Industree Crafts Foundation; Harish Hande, MD, Selco Solar Light; Sunil Kant Munjal, joint MD, Hero MotoCorp; Ronnie Screwvala, first-generation entrepreneur; and Chetna Vijay Sinha, winner, SEOY 2013 and founder of Mann Deshi Group of Ventures.

India loses its edge as a car export manufacturerSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Bankers are not in a high-wage islandTweet
A bank officer earns just over half that of a Group ’A’ Central Government officer at the lowest level.
While the Pillai Committee recommendations, implemented in July 1979, established parity between bank and government officers, subsequent Pay Commissions over the years have widened the gap between the two categories.
K. Anandakumar
A myth has slowly gained ground that bank employees are paid inordinately high wages. While arriving at this opinion, there has been no attempt to compare the wages of bank employees with other comparable professions, chiefly those employed in government. A closer scrutiny would suggest that bank employees are, in fact, poorly paid, and not part of a high-wage island.
In a perfect market, every factor of production gets its due share. But in reality, markets are unfair and imperfect. The stakes are loaded heavily against the working class; that explains the growing disparity between the capital-owning/top managerial class and the labour class, despite breathtaking GDP growth rates.
The disparity exists not just vis-À-vis labour and the managerial class, but also across categories of the labour class. The latter exists because “relativity” has not been maintained.
There are two forms of relativity that need to be considered — internal relativity, which looks into whether the salary levels within the organisation correspond to the organisational hierarchy; and external relativity, which deals with the relationship between the wages paid and the market wages.
GOVT EMPLOYEES FAVOURED
Prior to 1979, Group ‘A’ Officers of Central Government were earning less than bank officers. In 1979, the Pillai Committee was constituted to study the salary structures of bank officers and Group ‘A’ Officers of the Central Government and bring equity among various banks.
The Committee observed that the functions and responsibilities of bank officers in the new set-up were comparable to those of Group ‘A’ Officers in the Central Government and suggested pay parity between them.
The Pillai Committee recommendations were implemented in banks with effect from July 1, 1979, and the pay scale of the lowest rung of officers in banks were equated with pay scales of the lowest rung of Group ‘A’ Officers of Central Government at Rs 700.
The parity which was established by implementing the Pillai Committee Recommendations was distorted by subsequent Pay Commission revisions. In the Sixth Pay Commission, the wages of Group ‘A’ Officers zoomed past the bank officers’ wages. External relativity was given a quiet burial.
It is quite appropriate to compare the salary of bank officers with Group ‘A’ Officers of the Central Government to ascertain whether bank officers constitute a high-wage island.
The basic pay according to the Fifth Pay Commission for Group ‘A’ Officers was Rs 8,000 and the corresponding pay for bank officers was Rs 7,100. But in the Sixth Pay Commission the basic pay for Group ‘A’ Officers of the Central Government went up to Rs 21,000 (basic pay Rs 15,600 + grade pay Rs 5,400) whereas the pre-revised basic pay of bank officers was only Rs 10,000.
Between the Fifth and the Sixth Pay Commissions, the basic pay of Group ‘A’ Government officers went up by 162.5 per cent.
The gross salary of government officers was Rs 31,312, whereas the bank officer’s salary was only Rs 16,110. It can be seen that a bank officer draws a gross salary which is just 51.45 per cent of the gross salary of Group ‘A’ officers at the lowest rung.
Even house rent allowance was paid at 30 per cent of basic pay for government officers, whereas bank officers were getting a maximum of 8.5 per cent in metros. The pre-revised salary of the bank clerk was Rs 6,600 as compared with the Central Government clerk’s salary of Rs 11,000.
Many State Governments have adopted the Sixth Pay Commission Recommendations. A number of public sector undertakings have implemented the Pay Commission recommendations as a benchmark for their salary revision.
The government, public sector and private sector undertakings are paying high salaries to their entire workforce, with the exception of the banking sector. Given these facts, can bank officers and employees be described as belonging to an island of high wages?
MORE WORK, LESS PAY
The business hours for the customers used to be four hours a day and working hours for the staff was seven hours with a 30-minute lunch break. To provide best customer service, the business hours have been increased to six hours, within the stipulated working hours of seven hours a day. After business hours, the bank staff need three to four hours to complete back-office work at the branch level, because of which the working hours for officers are practically extended to about 11 hours a day without any monetary compensation or increase in salary structure, whereas new generation private sector banks duly compensate the extended working hours in their salary packages.
We have completed 40 years of bank nationalisation, and we owe our gratitude to the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi for taking the bold step. The country’s transformation since then is in no small measure due to the role played by nationalised banks.
We feel proud to work in nationalised banks and be part of the nation-building exercise.
We started with social banking but now have almost attained the standards of global banking. Yet, we are paid less than municipal wages.
The need of the hour is to restore the pay parity with government employees and uphold external relativity as done by the Pillai Committee 30 years ago.
(The author is Vice-President, AIBOC.)
(This article was published in the Business Line print edition dated September 22, 2009)
Related

Hyundai i20 Elite  Maruti Ciaz may become pr...Carmakers like Hyundai Motors, Maruti Suzuki, BMW & others contemplating price rise
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 5 Nov, 2014, 06.59AM IST
In the two-wheeler segment, Hero Moto-Corp and closest rival Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India have already increased prices of motorcycles and scooters. 
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: The Hyundai i20 Elite and Maruti Ciaz that you are looking to purchase may soon become pricier.
After a gap of nine months, automakers are contemplating increasing prices to offset higher raw material and logistics costs.
But they are cautious too, after the pickup in sales that they witnessed earlier this year fizzled out in the all-important festival season. Sharper hikes are likely to be limited to popular models, and some manufacturers may stay away from changing prices, say industry executives.
The Indian unit of Hyundai Motor said it would increase prices, and an announcement is likely over next few days. Maruti Suzuki and BMW are contemplating increasing prices, and decisions are expected as early as this month.
In the two-wheeler segment, which had a bumper festival season unlike car makers, market No. 1 Hero Moto-Corp and closest rival Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India have already increased prices of motorcycles and scooters. Others are expected to follow the leaders.
Automakers have evaded across-the-board price hikes since February, when the government cut excise duty by 4-6 per cent to stimulate demand and help put the industry back on track after two years of falling sales.
Companies passed on the benefit to customers and that, along with an improvement in consumer sentiment following signs of a pickup in the economy, heavy discounts and an array of new models, helped auto sales return to the positive territory in May. Though the festival months of September and October turned out to be disappointing, overall car sales since the fiscal year began in April have increased about 4.5 per cent from a year earlier.
Manufacturers say there is some room to increase prices now, especially for the in-demand models, to recover huge investments on new cars and improve profitability.
"We are feeling the pressure now, as there have been no effective price changes for the past several months, while discounts peaked. We have also launched four new cars this year with huge investments that need to be recovered," said Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president for marketing and sales at Hyundai Motor India.
"We have been postponing any change in prices to balance it with customer demand even as Hyundai Motor has grown in sales over the last year. We will take a considered decision on the price increase and are currently working out the exact quantum of hike."
He said the company had launched the i20 Elite at an introductory price and so its price would be revised soon, but didn't name the other models that would become costlier.
A Maruti executive said the retail market has expanded over the past months, though the wholesale numbers that the industry tracks more closely don't show all of that. Maruti, helped by new launches, posted healthy sales in the festival season, along with Hyundai and the local unit of Honda Motor.
"While the market situation has been fluctuating over the past few months, the 10 per cent growth in retail sales with robust 108,000 vehicles sold in October gives us the confidence for a price revision on selective models in coming weeks," said the Maruti executive, who asked not to be named since the company has yet to make a final call. Honda Cars India Senior Vice-President for Marketing and Sales Jnaneshwar Sen said the company has yet to make a decision on price hikes.
Amit Kaushik, principal analyst, autos, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive , said the current round of price hikes is an effort by car companies to maintain their margins and expand profit.
Companies are citing rising input costs, especially on steel that has shown an upward trend in the international markets, for considering price hikes.
Hyundai, Maruti and Honda source auto-grade steel from markets like South Korea and Japan. Several automakers are also importing parts. Fluctuating international currencies, especially the Japanese yen and Korean won, have been hurting, too.
Another drag on profitability is high discounts and freebies that automakers have been offering to entice unwilling customers. Maruti's profit margin, for instance, fell 0.2 percentage point in the July-September period because of higher discount - on average, the local unit of Japan's Suzuki Motor offered discounts of Rs 21,000 on every car sold in the local market, compared with Rs 17,000 a year earlier.
Some automakers are also waiting for the government's decision on the excise duty benefits, which have been extended once and will now expire at the end of December, to make a call.

Rupee strengthens to 61.34 on dollar selling  sustained capital inflowsRupee ends marginally lower at 61.42
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
The rupee ended marginally lower at 61.42 against the dollar amid weaker Asian currencies and stable capital inflows.
The domestic unit had closed at 61.40 a dollar on Monday. The markets had remained closed on Tuesday.
Wednesday, the unit opened slightly stronger at 61.36 on the back of stable capital inflows. Intra-day, the rupee moved between 61.34 and 61.49 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market.
Dollar strengthened against Asian currencies on the back of a victory by Republicans in the United States' mid-term elections, ending uncertainty about the political climate in the US.
Global factors, including the European Central Bank policy meeting on Thursday and the US monthly jobs data on Friday, will likely determine the rupee's short-term direction this week.
Currency markets will remain close on Thursday.
Call rates rise, Bond yields drop to record lows
The inter-bank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, closed higher at 8 per cent from Monday’s close of 7.10 per cent. Intraday, the call money market moved in the range of 7.25 per cent and 8.15 per cent.
Yield on the 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, closed at over a record-year low of 8.19 per cent from the previous close of 8.25 per cent. The price of the bond closed sharply higher at Rs 101.36 from Rs 100.91.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Republicans move towards larger House majorityRepublicans move towards larger House majority
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Nov 5:  
Republicans held a commanding edge in the House of Representatives today, capitalising on dissatisfaction with President Barack Obama and national malaise to push their numbers toward the highest levels in 65 years.
The Republicans had won more than 120 seats as polls closed in the East and were certain to surpass 218 if incumbents prevailed as expected in the Midwest and West.
Aggressive in the mid-terms, Republicans won the seat of a retiring moderate Democrat in North Carolina, its first net gain, and challengers had the edge in three Democratic seats in Illinois, Obama’s adopted state.
Another early winner was Dave Brat, a professor who had a surprise upset of Republican Majority Leader Eric Cantor in a June primary.
Some two dozen Democratic incumbents were in jeopardy, but just a handful of Republicans faced competitive races.
Republican victories in the latest mid-term elections in 2010, fuelled by the rise of the ultra-conservative tea party, gave the party the advantage in redrawing congressional districts.
The president’s party typically loses seats in mid-term elections, but Obama’s low approval ratings around 40 per cent have been a drag on Democrats, along with public unease with the Islamic State group threat, the Ebola outbreak and a lacklustre recovery from the 2008 recession. Promising economic signs of a drop in the unemployment rate and cheaper gasoline have failed to help.
The election is certain to provide surprises, with Republicans and Democrats pointing to the high number of undecided voters in the closing days.
Republicans purposely lowered the expectations at a gain of five to eight seats, but privately some said anything less than a net of a dozen seats would be a disappointment.
A solid Republican majority means Speaker John Boehner, who was on the ballot for a 13th term, can afford defections from his increasingly conservative caucus and still get legislation passed.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Ashok Leyland rallies over 3%  hits fresh 52-week highAshok Leyland
(At 09:30 a.m.; Ashok Leyland…)
NEW DELHI: Ashok Leyland Ltd rose as much as 3.01 per cent in trade on Wednesday, to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 47.90, after the Hinduja Group flagship firm reported a 23.1 per cent increase in its sales in October at 8,375 units.
At 09:30 a.m.; Ashok Leyland was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 47.10. It hit a low of Rs 46.70 and a 52-week high of Rs 47.90 in trade today.
The city-based heavy commercial vehicle manufacturer had sold 6,803 units during the same month of previous year.
Majority of sales in October were contributed by medium and heavy commercial vehicles at 5,838 units while light commercial vehicles contributed 2,537 units, the company said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Credit Suisse downgrades Ipca Labs; stock plunges 15%Credit Suisse downgrades Ipca Labs; stock plunges 15%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 10.56AM IST
Tags:
Credit Suisse
(Credit Suisse is of the view…)
MUMBAI: Shares of pharmaceutical company Ipca Laboratories plunged nearly 15 per cent in trade after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to 'Underperform' from 'Neutral' and lowered its target price.
According to the brokerage, adverse FDA action is likely at the company's Ratlam API and Indore SEZ plant. The 483 observations are critical and may delay US sales recovery, it said.
Credit Suisse is of the view that there are 6 observations on Indore SEZ in Form 483 out of which 2 are critical observations.
The company had received inspection observations in Form 483 from the USFDA in the month of July. Following the observations, API shipments to the US market were temporarily suspended from its Ratlam plant.
The brokerage has lowered its target price to Rs 600 from Rs 740 post critical 483 observations
At 09:30 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 668, down 10.49 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 14.91 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 635.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Debt-to-death: 348 farmer suicides since birth of TelanganaBurdened by debts, farmer suicides mark Telangana's birth
Prasad Nichenametla , Hindustan Times  Nalgonda/Warangal, November 05, 2014
First Published: 00:17 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 21:59 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Dasari Ramulu, 45, and Polaboyina Pochaiah, 35, are two of the 348 Telangana farmers, who committed suicide since June 2 when Telangana became a state.
The reasons behind their decision are not unique - crop failures due to poor rains and a nonexistent irrigation system and debt burdens. The debt-to-death arithmetic is simple: Each attempt to get water through bore wells costs Rs. 1 lakh and cotton seeds are Rs. 2,400 a kg, while labour charges are shooting up.
Farmers also take loans for meeting medical, education and marriage expenses at high interest rates from private lenders, hoping that one bumper crop will solve all his woes. But monsoon failures and the absence of any crop insurance scheme make suicide the only escape route.
Telangana chief minister K Chandrasekhara Rao has his defence ready, "We are aware of the suicides. But what could we do when Chandrababu Naidu (Andhra Pradesh CM) has vowed to destroy farming in Telangana and show me as a failure?" He accused Naidu of stopping the supply of power that should come to Telangana from power plants in Andhra.
HT scouted the two most affected districts of Telangana - Warangal and Nalgonda - and found the number of suicides to be alarmingly high this kharif season.
For instance, the death of Ramulu in Pallepahad of Turkapally mandal in Nalgonda two and a half months back was the first suicide in the village. But this time, every farmer in Ramulu's village is in a debt as almost every crop dried up.
Although such deaths are being reported from all the nine rural Telangana districts - with Warangal topping the list - they are not being recorded as farmer suicides.
While police records show marginal farmer Ramulu as saddled with a loan of Rs. 5 lakh, a local revenue official at Turkapally said the death resulted from a quarrel with his wife. "Every farmer suicide cannot be classified as a farm suicide," he declared airily.
Why? In 2004, then CM Rajasekhara Reddy announced that every victim family would receive up to Rs. 1.5 lakh within two months of the suicide after an official probe. But there was no such visit by government officials in any of the cases that HT probed in Nalgonda and Warangal.
As the government is pegging the total number of suicides at 79 against the figure of 348 (given by grassroots organisations Rythu Swarajya Vedika and opposition Congress party's farmers wing - Kisan Congress), M Kodanda Reddy, chairman of Telangana Kisan Congress, says, "It is a bogus list. District officials expressed their inability to recognise these farm suicides as the government is unwilling to face uncomfortable questions."
Another aspect to the deaths is tenant farming, which is widespread in Telangana. Farmers typically own one or two acres of land, but take more land on rent from landlords.
Pochaiah was one such marginal farmer in Tarigoppula village in Warangal. In addition to his family's two acres, he took 10.5 acres at Rs. 3,000 an acre and sowed maize. He couldn't bear the losses for the second year in a row and committed suicide.
Now, the Congress and the Telugu Desam Party blame Rao for not extending the loan waiver and for failing to ensure power for the farm sector. The opposition is gearing up to corner the government in the budget session beginning on Wednesday.

US polls: Republicans close to capturing SenateAs millions of Americans voted Tuesday in 2014 mid-term elections, Republicans appeared close to taking the Senate, while retaining control of the House of Representatives.
But a clear result may take days coming, warned experts.
Republicans need a net gain of six seats to claim the senate, and they probably will — Fivethirtyeight, the pollster that has yet to get an election wrong, has put their chances at 76%.
They are widely expected to retain control of the House.
Over 200 million Americans are eligible to vote, but only 146 million of them have registered to vote, and 64% of them voted in the 2012 presidential election.
Turnout has been historically lower for mid-terms.
On the ballot are all 435 voting seats of the House of Representatives, 36 of the 100 Senate seats and 36 of the 50 governorships.
There are five Indian Americans in the race — Ami Bera (seeking second term), Ro Khanna and Manan Trivedi for the House; Nikki Haley is seeking another term as governor in South Carolina and Neel Kashkari his first as governor of California. Though President Barack Obama is not on the ballot, his policies are. And some Democrats have sought to distance themselves from him because of his plunging popularity.
All eyes are on the battle for the Senate, and the three contests could potentially delay the outcome no matter how inevitable they may seem, according to polls and pundits. Louisiana and Georgia, where Republican and Democratic candidates are in close fights, require winners to get more than 50% of the votes, else they go back to polls, called run-offs.
And that may take a few days.
The third contest, in Kansas, has an independent, Greg Orman, leading the Republican incumbent, Senator Pat Robert. If Orman wins, he will have to announce who he will caucus with.
Independents can chose to work with — called “caucus with” — with either party. Independent senator Angus S King, for instance, caucuses with Democrats in this senate. And Orman’s call, if he takes time, could delay the count.
There are many other factors being weighed by experts and pundits as polling opened. Can Democrats, for instance, stop the Republican rampage by cranking up their turnout?

Orissa to make chit fund offences non-bailablePrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:22 am
To make the Orissa Protection of Interest of Depositors (in financial establishment) Act stringent, the Orissa government is planning to make the offences under it cognizable and non-bailable.
After the chit fund scam broke in 2011, the Naveen Patnaik government framed the Orissa Protection of Interest of Depositors Act, that turned into a law in August last year.
The government also announced a Rs 300 crore corpus fund called “Fund for protection of interest of depositors” from which compensation would be paid to the depositors.
The decision to make the offences under the Act non-bailable was taken last month at a meeting of officials of finance department, law department and state CID officials. The meeting was held to discuss the progress of the implementation of the Act and review the status of cases against 15 companies, including Saradha, Artha Tatwa and Seashore.
The government would also make it mandatory for all such firms to report their activities to the officer in charge of the local police station of their area in addition to the district collectors and superintendents of police.
Some of the rules in the Act would also be redrafted for inserting provisions for constitution of a committee under tehsildar to fix the offset price of chit fund companies’ attached properties.
During the meeting, it was revealed that CID officials have not submitted details of properties of Artha Tatwa in 24 Paraganas in Bengal to the Additional district magistrate of Cuttack, the competent authority under the Act for further action. In cases where the accused are absconding, notices would be served through newspaper.
For those accused who are currently in jail, the special public prosecutors would send notices through special messengers.

Brent slips below $83 | Gold dips to 4-year lowBrent drops toward $82 on weak China data, supply glut
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.08AM IST
0
Share More
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after previous data.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude dropped towards $82 a barrel on Wednesday, stretching losses into a fifth session, as weak economic data from top energy consumer China stoked worries about demand in a market that is already battling a deepening global supply glut.
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after previous data revealed sluggish factory growth in the world's second largest economy.
"We had expected this," said Avtar Sandu, senior manager for commodities at Phillip Futures of the Chinese data. "The market is already soft for Brent and the Chinese data is not going to help although the numbers are not a surprise."
Brent fell 43 cents to $82.39 a barrel by 0610 GMT.
U.S. crude slipped 17 cents to $77.02, coming off a low of $75.84 hit in the previous session - its weakest since October 2011 - after data showed crude stocks unexpectedly fell last week as refineries boosted output.
U.S. crude stocks fell 639,000 barrels to 374.9 million in the week to Oct. 31, compared with analysts' expectations for a increase of 2.2 million barrels, data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute showed on Tuesday.
The market is now waiting for weekly inventory data from the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) later in the day for more clues on demand in the world's top oil consumer.
Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic lost more than 2 percent overnight after Saudi Arabia cut export prices to the United States threatening to deepen a global supply glut that has driven prices down 30 percent since June.
A bleak outlook for Europe after the European Commission downgraded its forecast for euro zone economic growth over the next few years also weighed on oil prices.
"The downgraded forecast in Europe is not really a surprise but it is a reminder that there is a risk," said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney on how the weak economic outlook could crimp demand.
"I think we are in a situation where the oil price needs to fall to a level where it actually results in supply changes. But what that level is, is what everybody is asking."
Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi is making his first visits in years to fellow exporters Venezuela and Mexico, although tumbling oil prices are not the stated purpose of the trip, according to officials and sources.
Still, the travel plans come at a pivotal moment for Saudi Arabia and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which meets later in November to discuss how to respond to the rout in global oil prices.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

LIVE: Telangana maiden budgetEtela Rajender presents Telangana's maiden budget
12:41 Government examines issue of regularising contract employees.
12:40 Rs. 1,000 crore earmarked for weaker section housing scheme comprising two bed room flats.
12:39 Constituency development programme fund increased from Rs. 1 crore to Rs. 1.5 crore. Rs. 234 crore allocated for this purpose.
12:38 Rs. 90 crore for sports stadium and modernisation of sports facilities across the state.
12:37 Rs. 100 crore earmarked for Godavari pushkaralu.
Govt announces Rs. 100 crore development plan for temple town of Yadagirigutta.
Rs. 60 crore for infrastructure development in tourism destinations and circuits.
12:36 Rs. 11 crore earmarked for Samskrutika Sarangi to spread awareness about government programmes through cultural artists.
12:35 Tourism and culture gets a fillip. Telangana Kala Bhavan to come up in 11 acres near India Park in Hyderabad. Telangana kala Bhavan and kaloji cultural centre in warangal get Rs. 15 crore allocation.
12:34 Rs. 1,000 crore investment in TSGENCO under state plan.
12:33 Rs. 3,241 crore allocated to energy sector, which includes Rs. 3000 crore in subsidy.
12:32 Corpus fund of Rs. 300 crore for Herita Haram scheme to raise 230 crore trees in next four years. Forest college gets 10 crore.
12:31 Journalists in Telanagana to get health cards. Rs. 10 crore allotted for construction of Journalist Bhavan.
12:30 Telangana government signs MoU with Chattaisgarh for supply of 1000 MW
12:29 NTPC to set up 4000 MW plant at Ramagundam
12:28 BHEL to set up thermal plants with a capacity of 6000 MW.
12:27 20,000 MW power to be added in next 5 years.
12:26 TSRTC gets 400 crore for procuring 1000 new buses.
12:25 All roads connecting Mandala headquarters to District headquarters to be made into double lane roads at a cost of Rs. 400 crore.
12:24 Power loom weavers to get one lakh loan waiver.
12:23 Rs. 19.30 crore incentive for SC entrepreneurs to set up industries.
12:22 Telangana government plans to link research institutes academia and industry in and around Hyderabad under the umbrella of research and innovation circle of Hyderabad (RICH).
12:21 NIMZ has potential to attract investments of Rs. 40,000 crore and employment for 3 lakh people and support 4.5 lakh people indirectly.
12:20 Major national project as part of national investment, and manufacturing zone to come up in Medak district spread over 12,365 acres.
12:19 Rs. 90 crore for ITIR projects in Hyderabad.
12:18 Land bank to be set up in five lakh acres For establishment of industries. Telangana industrial infrastructure corporation to overlook land allocation. Rs. 100 crore allocated for providing facilities in the land.
12:17 Chasing cell established at CMO to ensure faster clearance of industrial approvals on day-to-day basis.
12:16 Industrial growth picked up to reach 2.7 per cent against 0.9 per cent growth last year.
12:15 Health university to come up at Warangal
12:14 Rs. 42 crore set apart for upgradation of 42 area hospitals in the state.
Additional 40 crore budget to strengthen eye, mental, chest and ENT hospitals.
Medical college buildings to get Rs. 152 crore.
12:13 Health sector gets Rs.2,282 crore.
Gandhi and Osmania hospitals provided Rs. 100 crore each. Maternity hospital in Hyderabad to get Rs. 50 crore. Nil outré and King Koti hospitals given Rs. 30 crore and Rs. 25 crore each.
12:12 Rs. 25 crore earmarked to provide improvised education from KG to PG.
Rs. 940 crore for setting up model schools at mandal level. Technical education gets Rs. 212 crore. IIIT Basara gets Rs. 119 crore.
12:11 Rs. 100 crore allocated for one time supply of LPG connections to poor women.
12:10 Rs. 1,317 crore earmarked for payment of pensions to aged and widows. Pension amount enhanced to Rs. 1,000 per month for aged and widows under the Asara pension scheme. Disabled to get Rs. 1,500 per month. Rs. 367 crore for disabled pensions.
12:09 Rs. 1,003 crore for women and child welfare schemes.
12:08 Rs. 330 crore for Kalyanalaxmi scheme in which a newly-weded woman gets 51,000.
12:07 Government earmarks Rs. 7,579 crore and Rs. 4,559 crore respectively for SC and ST sub plans. Rs. 2,022 crore for welfare backward classes. Rs. 1,030 crore for minorities welfare.
12:06 Tribal museum and memorial for Gond martyr Kumram Bheema to be set up at Jodeghat in Adilabad district.
12:05 Government plans suitable provision for development of fisheries sector.
12:04 Rs. 1000 crore earmarked for distributing land to landless SC families.
12:03 Tribal sub plan raised 9.34 per cent amount to 4461 crore in the budget. Tribals hamlets to be upgraded to gram panchayats. Schemes to be formulated on the lines of ITDAs for tribals living in plain areas.
12:02 Govt committed to provide Rs.50,000 crore for welfare of SCs in next five years. Social welfare department renamed as SC welfare department.
12:01 Government allots 16.30 crore as incentive give to milk producers. Rs. 4 per litre incentive for those supplying milk to Vijaya Dairy, a govt-run dairy.
12:00 Govt announces Rs. 20 crore power subsidy for poultry farmers. 1.5 lakh tonnes of maize supplied to poultry farmers at subsidised rates of Ra 10 per kg.
11:59 Government to give 100 per cent subsidy to SC/ ST farmers, 90 per cent to small and marginal farmers 80 per cent to others for setting up drip irrigation projects. Rs. 250 crore allocated for this purpose.
11:58 State to promote drip irrigation in 1.36 lakh acres.
11:57 Green house farming to be promoted in 1000 acres around Hyderabad in pilot basis to cultivate exotic and unseasonal vegetables at a cost of Rs. 200 crore. Government to extend 75 per cent subsidy to set up green houses.
11:56 Government decides to consolidate agricultural land holdings to make farming prices utile and intensive.
11:55 Government proposes to make Telanagana as seed bowl of the country.
Rs. 100 crore allocated for farm mechanisation.
Rs. 20 crore earmarked for crop colonies and soil testing.
Rs. 10 crore for farm field schools.
11:54 Government to release Rs.480 crore for input subsidy dues to farming community. Rs. 1,150 crore released for red jowar seed growers farmers in Nizamabad.
11:53 Government allocates Rs. 4,250 crore for farmer debt waiver scheme. Loans up to Rs. 1 lakh per family being waived.
11:52 To provide piped drinking date through a network of pipelines at a cost of Rs. 25,000 crore, Rs. 2,000 crore allocated this year.
11:51 State drinking water grid to be established.
11:50 Government focussed on water and drinking Water projects, says Mr. Rajendar. Ten per cent of water in irrigation projects to be used for drinking water purposes.
11:49 Nettempadu, Kalwakurthy, Bheema, Koil sagar lift irrigation schemes to be completed this year. Total of 2,97,550 acres to be brought under irrigation under these projects.
11:48 With a focus on revival of tanks and irrigation sources, budget allocates Rs. 2000 crore for restoration of irrigation tanks.
45,000 irrigation tanks to be restored in five years, out of which, 9000 tanks will be restored this year.
Rs. 6500 crore alloted for irrigation and command area development.
11:47 The comprehensive household survey will be used to better target welfare programmes.
11:46 First time, a news state has attempted to democratise the entire process of budget making: Finance Minister
The HinduBJP legislators, in a symbolic protest on power shortage in Telangana, arrive at Legislative Assembly carrying lanterns, on the first day in Hyderabad on Wednesday. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
BJP legislators tried to enter the Legislative Assembly with lanterns to protest power shortage in the state. They were prevented by Assembly guards, who refused entry to the legislators if they carried lanterns. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
11:46 Short, medium and long term action plans conceived for which 14 task force committees were constituted, Mr. Rajender says explaining the budget process.
11:45 Budget is a major departure from the past both in its approach and content. People suggestions were sought at village and ward level before preparing the budget, says Mr. Rajendar.
11:44 Government allocates Rs. 100 crore for welfare of families of Telangana martyrs.
11:43 Though the budge is only available for ten months of current financial year 2014-15, it has been so programmed to integrate see lesson into the five year perspective plan 2014-19, says Mr. Rajender.
11:42 Non plan expenditure is Rs. 51,989 crore; Plan expenditure is Rs. 48,648 crore; Estimated revenue surplus is 301 crore; Fiscal deficit estimated at Rs. 17,398 crore.
11:40 Finance Minister Etela Rajender is presenting the maiden budget of Telangana Assembly. TV Grab/Photo: P. V. Sivakumar
11.33 Telangana government presents budget with a total expenditure of Rs. 1,00,637 crore for a period of ten months.
11.30 ABN Andhra Jyothi channel journalists protesting at the media point in Assembly against the blocking of their channel by MSOs in Telangana.
11.02 BJP legislators walk to the Telangana Assembly with lanterns along to highlight the power crisis in the new State. Photo: P. V. Sivakumar
Buzz around the budget: Expectations and hopes
- Plan and non-plan allocations are expected to be around Rs.1 lakh crore.
- Thrust on development projects, including revival of thousands of minor irrigation tanks, Hyderabad water supply, allocations to tide over power crisis in the short term.
- Fourteen taskforce committees gave their reports on how to achieve set goals in next four years and ways to mobilise the needed resource. Sources said that proposals worth Rs. 5,000 crore were made based on task force committee reports.
- The 2014-15 budget will be a precursor to the next year’s full-fledged budget and it has done away with adhocism that used to be part of budget preparation in the united State.
- The new feature will be rationalisation of about 1,200 schemes - of the Centre, State, NABARD and the externally aided schemes – to 750 schemes to enable the departments give better focus.
- Rise of farmer suicides, power crisis facing Telangana are likely to dominate the proceedings.
- The limbo surrounding the Hyderabad Metro Rail project is expected to be raised by the Opposition in the Budget session
- The budget proposals focused on revenue mobilisation with an annual growth target of 15 to 20 per cent apart from open market borrowings to ground its ambitious programmes. The State so far borrowed Rs.2,800 crore and could raise Rs.6,000 crore more.
- One of the recommendations of the task force committees is setting up an Evaluation Authority of State of Telangana (EAST) on the lines of Karnataka for an independent evaluation of any important project.
- The election promises of TRS, particularly housing, and the household survey had left loopholes that were not plugged.
TDP, BJP plan to corner TS government. Full story
Images of celebrations after the 15th Lok Sabha passed the historic Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Bill.
Let's take a look at how the 29th state was formed. Telangana State formation: Timeline
Farmers suicide and power crisis to dominate the budget session. Read more
Arrangements made ahead of the Telangana Budget session beginning on Tuesday in Hyderabad. Photo: Nagara Gopal.
Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao wants the budget to reflect an innovative and refreshing approach. Read more
14 task force committees were formed to formulate the budget proposals. Full story
Expectations are that plan and non-plan allocation may cross Rs.1 lakh crore. Read more ...
The 29th state of India is all to present its maiden budget on Wednesday. A lot is expected from Telangana's Finance Minster Etela Rajender. What has added to the anticipation like never before about the allocations to various key sectors is the deep involvement of Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao in the budget preparation processs

IPCA Labs Plunges Over 15% After Credit Suisse DowngradeYou are here: Home Market
IPCA Labs Comes Under USFDA Scanner, Stock Plunges Over 15%
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 12:35 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
IPCA Laboratories Ltd shares plunged 15.7 per cent to their lowest since September 2013.
Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "underperform" from "neutral", citing negative USFDA observations. FDA's observations are on IPCA's Indore facility, Credit Suisse said.
It said two of these observations are critical, and could delay the recovery of US sales for IPCA.
IPCA shares were trading down 10.37 per cent at Rs 668.90 as of 10.25 am.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Republicans Will Gain Between 14 to 18 Seats in the HouseEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Spotted: Sonakshi  Arjun and others at the theatreCelebrity
Stars at 'Gone Girl' screening
'Gone Girl' is an American mystery movie, adaptated from the book of the same name by Gillian Flynn. We spotted Bollywood stars at the screening. Look who was there
Sonakshi at the screening.

State-run oil retailers gain on weak crude pricesState-run oil retailers gain on weak crude prices
Mining firms  shares fall as iron ore prices hit multi-year lowMining firms  shares fall as iron ore prices hit multi-year low
JM Financial H1FY15 profit up by 42%JM Financial H1FY15 profit up by 42%
Republicans move towards Senate majority in midterm electionsRepublicans move towards Senate majority in midterm elections
UPDATE 2-Investors eye opportunities as Republicans take U.S. SenateUPDATE 2-Investors eye opportunities as Republicans take U.S. Senate
New York voters elect youngest woman to US CongressNew York voters elect youngest woman to US Congress
Republican governors prevail in big  bitterly fought racesRepublican governors prevail in big  bitterly fought races
PNB revises interest rates on depositsPNB revises interest rates on deposits
L&T Construction bags Orders Valued Rs. 1576 Cr; stock upL&T Construction bags Orders Valued Rs. 1576 Cr; stock up
China services PMI falls to 3-month low in OctChina services PMI falls to 3-month low in Oct
HK Exchange  sitting at the bus stop© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/404802b2-5d89-11e4-873e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tim Cook Just Changed America In A Way Steve Jobs Never Couldreddit
Maybe someday we'll complain about Corporate America's shortage of LGBT executives, just as we complain now about the number of women and minorities at the top. And that will be an improvement -- because once Corporate America barely acknowledged that LGBT executives existed.
That changed abruptly on Thursday, when Apple CEO Tim Cook announced, in an essay for Bloomberg Businessweek, that he was gay. That made him the first openly gay CEO of a Fortune 500 company.
It's a watershed moment not only in the history of Corporate America, but in the history of the country.
A couple of other members of the C-suite have come out in the past, including former Urban Outfitters CEO Glen Senk and John Browne, the former BP CEO, who came out after he resigned. But Tim Cook is different.
Because Tim Cook doesn't just run any company. He runs Apple, for God's sake, the biggest company by market value in America, bigger than Exxon Mobil and Microsoft. Apple, the iconic American success story that started in Steve Jobs' garage and became the world's gold standard for fancy consumer gadgets.
The thought that the captain of such an enterprise would be openly gay would have been unthinkable, say, 18 years ago, when President Clinton signed the gay-baiting Defense Of Marriage Act into law.
Today it is not only thinkable, but blissfully mundane: On Wall Street, the news caused barely a ripple in Apple's stock price, which was down about 0.6 percent in recent trading.
Wall Street has come a long, long way from its days of rampant homophobia, but you can bet that if stock traders thought Tim Cook being gay was somehow bad for Apple's business, then the stock would be down a bunch. It's not. This kind of reaction says something about how far the country has come in its attitudes about people's sexual identities. It could encourage other LGBT executives to come out, too.
Of course, Cook's coming-out wasn't exactly a huge shocker: As he wrote, many people inside Apple knew he was gay. Many people outside of Apple were aware of it, too: The business and tech media have long chattered about when Cook was going to finally just make it official, already.
But the fact that Cook could rise to the very top of the biggest company in America, without hiding who he really was, is also an encouraging sign.
Maybe it will give hope to the many LGBT Americans who still face discrimination at work. More than half of all LGBT workers hide their orientation at work , according to a recent Human Rights Campaign survey, as reported just a couple of days ago by CNN. It's still legal in 29 states for employers to fire workers for being gay, CNN noted.
Cook mentioned that, too, suggesting it was part of the reason he broke his silence:
"I’ve had the good fortune to work at a company that loves creativity and innovation and knows it can only flourish when you embrace people’s differences," Cook wrote. "Not everyone is so lucky."
The tide of public opinion and laws in this country has already turned in favor of gay marriage. Maybe Cook's coming-out can help turn the tide more decisively against workplace discrimination, too. As Cook noted, it's bad for business.
Cook has been CEO of Apple for more than three years. Apple's stock price has nearly doubled in that time, and America's lust for Apple products doesn't seem to have cooled a bit. Still, Cook hasn't quite been able to escape the huge shadow of his iconic predecessor. People have wondered if the company can ever be as innovative and efficient under Cook as it was under Jobs. Would the Apple Maps debacle have happened on Steve Jobs' watch? What about bendgate ?
Some questions about Cook's business legacy at Apple won't be answered for a long time. But with just one step, Cook has left Jobs' shadow and become an icon of his own.
More:

Starbucks Will Soon Deliver Your Latte To YouStarbucks Plans Delivery After Sales Fall Short
 | By                                                                CANDICE CHOI
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — After reporting disappointing quarterly sales Thursday, Starbucks said it will offer a delivery option on its mobile app in select areas of the U.S starting next year.
The Seattle-based company declined to provide more details, but has been pushing to get people to use its app as a way to build customer loyalty. It also previously said it plans to let customers across the country place orders ahead of time on their smartphone by next year, an option intended to get people in and out of stores quicker.
"We are playing offense," CEO Howard Schultz said in explaining the various steps the company is taking to adapt to changing customer habits, including their move toward online shopping and away from brick-and-mortar stores.
The delivery plans for the second half of 2015 were announced by Schultz during a conference call Thursday discussing the company's fiscal fourth quarter results. For the period ended Sept. 28, Starbucks reported sales that rose but fell short of Wall Street expectations. Global sales at established locations rose 5 percent, including in the Americas and Asia.
Starbucks Corp. is pushing aggressively into different areas as it faces more competition from fast-food chains serving specialty coffees. To boost sales of food in the afternoon, for instance, it has been revamping its sandwiches and adding new offerings like a grilled cheese sandwich that's warmed up in an oven.
This summer, Starbucks also launched its Fizzio soda drinks in the Sunbelt. But Wells Fargo analysts said in a note this week that their checks at a dozen stores in six states suggested the drinks aren't performing up to expectations so far.
In a phone interview, Chief Operating Officer Troy Alstead said the soda drinks are doing "exactly what we expected it to do," but that a national launch isn't planned for 2015. In a previous interview, Alstead had said he expected the drinks to be in much of the U.S. by the upcoming summer.
Alstead said Starbucks is instead focusing on growing its tea business. He said tea accounted for a "high single digit" percentage of sales last year, and that the company expects it to reach "well into the teens" over time.
For the quarter, Starbuckst earned $587.9 million, or 77 cents per share. Not including one-time item, it earned 74 cents per share, which was in line with Wall Street expectations, according to FactSet.
Revenue came in at $4.18 billion, short of the $4.24 billion analysts expected.
For the current quarter ending in December, Starbucks expects its per-share earnings to range from 79 cents to 81 cents. Analysts expected 83 cents per share. The company expects full-year earnings in the range of $3.08 to $3.13 per share.
Shares of Starbucks were down 4 percent at $74.04.
___
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
Also on HuffPost:

Numis joins search for northern richesNumis joins search for northern riches
Andrew Bounds, Enterprise Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/acba052a-6280-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wagah Border attacker s target was India  not PakistanJaish-e-Mohammed
(Sources in the Indian security…)
NEW DELHI: The carnage at Wagah may have announced the arrival of the suicide bomber to the westernmost tip of Pakistan, deep inside "safe and secure" Punjab, but for India, it was a close call as the bomb exploded just a day before hundreds of Sikh pilgrims were to cross over from Amritsar to Lahore for Guru Nanak's birthday.
Nanak Dev's birthplace, Nankana Sahib near Lahore, is one of the holiest shrines of Sikhism, and despite the air of distrust between the two countries, Pakistan had gone out of its way to issue visas to the pilgrims.
Meanwhile, a day after the suicide bomber killed 59 and injured 200, Pakistani authorities said they were still ascertaining which group among the dozens of extremist outfits active inside the state would have carried out the act. While the Pakistani media speculated if the Wagah bombing marked the beginning of shifting of the theatre of terror from Pakistan's eastern border to the west, experts in New Delhi suspected the bomber may have India in mind before he detonated the 12 kg of explosives strapped to his vest.
Lashkar-e-Toiba , the group that carried out the 26/11 attack in Mumbai, Jaish-e-Mohammed led by militant cleric Maulana Masood Azhar , and the newly-formed South Asian affiliate of Al-Qaeda all are potential non-state actors preparing to operate along the Indo-Pak border.
Sources in the Indian security establishment told ET that the attack could have been a fallout of internal differences within the Pak establishment.
"That the attack occurred in such a high security zone points out that it could have been a fallout of schisms within the Pakistani apparatus. This section of the Pak establishment wanted to create further mistrust and rift between Delhi and Islamabad. It appears the target of the bomber was India with collateral damages across the border, but he exploded due to some miscalculation," a government source said.
The sound of the explosion was heard well 2 km inside the Indian territory. Sources said the aim of the attack was to vitiate the atmospherics between the two countries and Delhi does not rule out more such attacks in future. Its timing is also under the scanner coming close on the heels of Muharram celebrations on Tuesday. Sources said Hafiz Saeed-led Jamaat-ud-Dawa had taken this opportunity to provide relief to the injured of Sunday's attack with a view to gaining sympathy for the group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Find political solution for Islamic State  Rajnath Singh to advise IsraelYou are here: Home > Collections
Find political solution for Islamic State, Rajnath Singh to advise Israel
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.45AM IST
Tags:
Benjamin Netanyahu
(Sources in the government…)
NEW DELHI: Home Minister Rajnath Singh may impress upon Israel during his visit to Tel Aviv that a sustainable solution to the ISIS threat can be through a larger political approach to address rising radicalization in the region, rather than a purely military solution to the conflict.
Singh, who is presently in France for an Interpol Meet, will visit Israel on November 5-6 for a bilateral dialogue.
Sources in the government say Singh during talks will seek Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's assessment on regional security-related developments, including ISIS. Singh is expected to stress that the only sustainable solution to the ISIS threat can be politically addressing the rising extremism and radicalization in the region and by building durable state institutions through a consolidation of political processes. "The Home Minister may impress during talks that there can be no military solutions to this conflict," a source said.
However, India will express its willingness to cooperate in areas of intelligence sharing, counter terrorism, cyber space and tracking of illegal financial flows. Singh is also expected to seek Israel's assessment of the durability of the current Gaza ceasefire and prospects of larger peace process with Palestine.
Both countries are expected to say that that there is no justification for terrorism and will condemn it in all its forms and manifestations. Singh will also invite the Israel Defence Industry to take advantage of the new policies to manufacture in India as per Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative and assure Israeli manufacturers of a simple regulatory framework here to obtain clearances within given time frame.
Sources say Singh will also stress that India and Israel must sign a Free Trade Agreement that is under discussion since 2008, as there is a need to diversify their trade basket since trade volumes are not huge and dependent mostly on diamond trade. He is expected to ask Israel to revoke its decision of not granting short term visas, citing India granting one-yearlong visas with minimum documentation and employment visas within two weeks. "The Home Minister feels security and agriculture has been the mainstay of India-Israel relations but both the leading knowledge economies now need to move towards a high-tech partnership," a government source said.
Singh will also emphasise on regular training and capacity-building programmes to be carried out for senior Indian officials engaged in internal security in order to develop their skills.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  Pakistan should cooperate to fight terrorism: Amarinder SinghAjnala
(Congress Deputy Leader…)
CHANDIGARH: Congress Deputy Leader in Lok Sabha Amarinder Singh today condemned the bomb blast across the border at Wagah which killed more than 60 people and injured over 100 others.
He said it was high time that India and Pakistan cooperate with each other to fight terrorism and expressed hope that the rogue elements in that country were not provided state protection and patronage.
Addressing a public meeting at Konewala village near Indo-Pak border in Ajnala assembly segment here, Singh said, while in the past the hostilities would hit the border people, but now, nobody was safe anywhere.
He expressed grief over the loss of innocent lives in such terror acts.
"It is the innocent blood that is spilled whether here (in India) or there (in Pakistan) and the two countries can jointly fight this scourge in a strong and better way," he observed, while adding that the onus was on Pakistan as it must positively respond to India's friendly gestures.
Singh recalled his long association with the region's border areas when he would visit along with Gen Harbakah Singh during 1965 Indo-Pak war.
"I can still recall those days," he said adding that thankfully there has been peace on the border and hoped it prevailed forever.
Referring to problems of the locals about recurrent floods in the area, he assured, he will raise the matter of construction of 'dhusi' embankment with the Union government and expressed confidence it would be completed very soon.
"This will not only help the farmers, but will be helpful from the defence point of view also", he remarked.
The former Chief Minister lashed out at the Akali-BJP government in the state, particularly Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, saying he had completely given up on governance and was now busy humouring BJP leaders despite their frequent insults just to save his government.
He alleged that Badal was more concerned about saving his business interests and "that is why he was tolerating all those insults without any protest."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber  Olacabs woo drivers with cash  consumer durablesYou are here: Home > Collections
Taxi operators like Uber, Olacabs and others wooing drivers with cash, consumer durables
Harsimran Julka, Madhav Chanchani & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 08.22AM IST
Tags:
iPhone
(Taxi aggregators and operators…)
MUMBAI|BENGALURU|NEW DELHI: This Diwali, Delhi cab driver Shyam Kumar was spoilt for choices as two taxi companies he works for offered gifts ranging from LCD TVs and iPhones to scholarship for his child.
Taxi aggregators and operators are wooing drivers with rewards ranging from cash to consumer durables as well as subsidies and support to purchase cars, even as they scale up in a hyper-competitive market where ready availability of cabs is the most important factor that influences customer decision. As supply doesn't match increasing demand, keeping the drivers happy is key to the success of these companies.
"Nothing drives an entrepreneur more than rewards," said Anand Subramaniam, director for marketing communications at Olacabs.
Olacabs last week received $210 million (Rs 1,290 crore) of funding from Japan's Softbank . His company has helped drivers buy cars and become entrepreneurs themselves. "We have had occasions when 100 cars were sold in one day. Drivers with best ratings get LCD TVs and washing machines."
Half a dozen taxi-services companies — both online aggregators and operators such as Uber, Ola, Meru Cabs and Taxi-ForSure — are looking to increase the supply of cabs in India's metros. India has an estimated 5.5 lakh commercial cabs for its 10 large cities, which have a combined population of about 6 crore.
Taxi startups are flush with funds while established operators like Meru are planning to raise capital to take on the onslaught from the new players. Both are struggling with a shortage of commercial cab drivers.
"The biggest challenge for the industry (radio and online cab aggregators) is to balance demand and supply," said Jaspal Singh, Valoriser Consultants. "In order to build supply, the companies are recruiting tourist taxi operators and also work as guarantor for the financing of vehicles to new drivers."
Rewards help too, because they encourage a driver like Kumar, the Delhi cab driver, to keep working for a particular operator or someone else to join the network.
Online aggregator Uber offered LCD TVs and iPhones through lotteries and bonus money per trip for plying in the festive week. Meru offered scholarship and a Rs 50 reward for each good customer review.
In Mumbai, Olacabs is doling out Rs 1,000 to every Black-Yellow cab driver for the first week regardless of the number of rides they do. The caveat is that driver cannot refuse a ride whenever summoned.
"This is a network effect marketplace and the entire name of the game is scale," said Tarun Davda, director of Matrix Partners which has backed Olacabs. "The company which scales the most by adding more drivers and passengers will eventually win."
In Bengaluru, Uber is offering a bonus of Rs 300 to drivers to take three rides during peak hours. If a driver logs in 84 hours a week, he gets at least Rs 15,000 plus waiver on the commission that he needs to pay Uber. "Just the overall benefits and incentives itself takes care of the fuel costs," said Yashwanth, a Bengaluru-based full-time Uber driver. "Everything that I earn from my trips goes into savings." Uber declined to comment.
It's not only the login hours but also the customer experience that these aggregators are rewarding drivers for. Driver with high star ratings on Ola, TaxiFor-Sure and Uber get monetary rewards.
"Each customer review is priced at a certain amount. When it reaches a certain threshold at the end of the month we reward them with things like microwave ovens or petro cards," said Aprameya Radhakrishna, CEO of TaxiForSure.
Bengaluru-based TaxiForSure reduced its base fare for users to just Rs 49 when others such as Ola and Uber charge aroundRs 100. "In the current scheme of Rs 49 per 4 km, we have been subsidising the rides. We also subsidise the ride for a driver and give them Rs 5 per km extra if they have to ply long distance to grab a booking," Radhakrishna added.
Meru, the nation's largest taxi operator with about 10,000 cabs across 12 cities, says it is against offering subsidies and cash rewards.
"We believe that if you give cash rewards to drivers for doing something very basic then you are creating a culture where such expectations increase," said Siddharth Pahwa of Meru, which provides accident insurance and scholarship to drivers' children. "We do not want to create a subsidy culture in this industry."
The biggest friction point for online cab aggregators, experts say, is bringing drivers on the platform because you have to get them used to a commission model compared with a fixed salary which they were used to. But when they get used to it, some drivers prefer to work for the online aggregators. Kumar, the Delhi cab driver, said he prefers logging on to Uber app, as it gives him freedom to take offs whenever he wants to.
FEATURED ARTICLES

KPMG tweaks employee engagement programmes to recruit the bestKPMG tweaks employee engagement programmes to retain, recruit the best
Rica Bhattacharyya, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.16AM IST
(Another programme, dubbed…)
MUMBAI: The battle for talent has intensified among the Big Four consultancy firms, with an improving market throwing up more opportunities to people looking for change. To shield key people from competition and fill talent gaps, one of the four, KPMG, is this year revisiting its employee engagement policies, performance management and hiring strategies. Among the measures it is rolling out over the next few months include "Higher Purpose", an initiative to encourage employees share their stories on business and community.
Another programme, dubbed "Connect", seeks to form small groups to connect employees across the firm, with the purpose of handholding and mentoring. As an experiment, KPMG has taken away ratings from performance management, and replaced it with immediate feedback. As for people who join from undergraduate colleges, this year KPMG will experiment on how to rotate them by putting them into different service lines. "Next two years will see a big movement of partners and people among the Big Four. In fact, I would say beyond Big Four, among the larger accounting firms there will be large movement of talent ... you will not be able to stem all of it but what you can do is improve employee engagement," said Richard Rekhy, chief executive of KPMG India.
The last one year has seen advisory firms Ernst & Young, PricewaterhouseCoopers and KPMG storming each other for talent and partners and, sometimes even the entire teams crossing over. Also making the headlines Four - Ernst & Young, PwC, KPMG and Deloitte - which together are expected to recruit about 43,000 people over the next four years in India.
All this is being prompted by business growth in smaller cities and towns, ramp-up of global shared services centres, increasing work in sectors such as telecom and infrastructure and state government projects, and the global headquarters of these companies increasing focus on emerging markets. KMPG has about 8,000 employees in India. On an average, it hires 2,500-3,000 people a year while it loses about 1,000. Going ahead, most of the hiring will be on IT and management consulting side, tax, risk consulting and internal audit.
'HIGHER PURPOSE'
KPMG is encouraging employees to tell their stories that are connected to business and communities. It has also got a contest going: if it gets at least 5,000 stories from the staff, everybody will get a paid holiday. The top 100 stories will be put into a coffee-table book and gifted to each staff. In December, it will launch "Higher Purpose" town-halls, where inspirational and business leaders will speak to staff.
PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT
Instead of assigning ratings based on performance, KPMG this year will focus on providing feedback and debriefing to staff for every major assignment. "It is experimentation and we may go back to the old system if it doesn't work, but at the moment we have taken out the rating system," Rekhy said. The company is making the bonus slope higher for the high performing employees, paying them much higher bonus than the rest, in order to make the distinction clearer and retain the best.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Prime Minister Narendra Modi must act in 120 daysNovember 4, 2014, 5:00 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | India , Times View | ET
36
By Sanjaya Baru
Before a plant blooms, goes a Japanese saying, the roots become active. The green shoots of economic recovery in India suggest that the roots have been active and this winter, spring may break out. Even if one discounts the stock market’s bullish enthusiasm, a range of other economic players are also suggesting that the much-awaited revival of investment activity may have started. Certainly, New Delhi’s big hotels are agog with the excitement of rising room occupancy.
That the Narendra Modi government was being cautious on the policy front till the Maharashtra elections were out of the way is by now clear. Not surprisingly, therefore, within hours of the polls closing in Mumbai, New Delhi responded with policy announcements. Winning Mumbai has always been vital to the exercise of political power in New Delhi.
After ensuring that political result, Prime Minister Modi and finance minister Arun Jaitley have taken steps to respond to investor and consumer expectations.
India analysts at major financial institutions and rating agencies, however, would like to wait and watch before taking a final view about the medium-term prospects for the economy. However, be prepared for the herd instinct to take over. When one rating agency decides to take the first step, others follow. While a western rating agency says it would like to wait for some more time before announcing a further ratings upgrade, it may well come under pressure if competitors, especially from an Asian country like Japan, take a firm view sooner rather than later.
Jaitley will have two important opportunities this week to set out his government’s economic agenda before domestic and overseas investors and analysts. The India Economic Summit during the week, and the India Global Forum (IGF) at the weekend, offer this opportunity.
The Right Platform
The IGF will bring together not just leaders of business and government but influential policy wonks and leaders of think tanks from India and abroad. IGF will also provide the minister of commerce and industry Nirmala Sitharaman the opportunity to explain the government’s external economic policies.
How analysts evaluate the green shoots of economic recovery in India and how the Modi government is seen responding to the new opportunities and challenges it faces will shape perceptions further afield, at home and abroad.
The window of opportunity for the Modi government is between now and Budget day at the end of February. Whatever policy measures the BJP government wishes to take, it must do so in the 120 days, starting now. All policy initiatives aimed at implementing the government’s ‘Make in India’ strategy, at stepping up investment in infrastructure, housing and other construction projects and measures aimed at boosting employment, export trade and tourism must all be taken within this relatively short time frame.
The finance minister would know that his second Budget will be his last chance to make a difference. His decision to change his policy team has obviously been taken to signal a new resolve. Expectations run high that substantial legislative action would be taken in the winter session itself.
It should be remembered that almost all the now-famous radical policy action of Prime Minister P V Narasimha Rao and his finance minister Manmohan Singh in 1991 was, in fact, taken during June 1991 and February 1992. Very little happened after that. In 2014, PM Modi could afford to wait till the Maharashtra elections were over since he was not facing a ratings downgrade like the one Rao and Singh stared at in 1991. On the other hand, there has been an upgrade from negative to stable even with the steps taken so far because of the expectation of more action.
While the Sun Shines
Modi cannot expect that his popularity will forever remain high. His government may face unexpected challenges at home and abroad over time. Right now, however, the stars still favour the prime minister and his government, and the time to act is within this window.
Apart from generating employment and improving livelihood opportunities, India’s economic performance is critical for India’s national security, regional stability and global profile. The prime minister has shown clarity of understanding in this regard by repeatedly stating that development remains his only priority —at home and abroad.
Economy as Foundation
The economic performance-national capability link will be echoed at the IGF. It is a happy coincidence that the person opening the conference happens to be both a minister of finance and of defence. A key precept of Kautilya’s Arthashastra is that not only must a sovereign state have a strong treasury and a strong army, but that “it is from the strength of the treasury that the army is born”.
The writer is director for geoeconomics and strategy, International Institute of Strategic Studies
For a counterview, read DNA’s ‘How much faith do people have in Narendra Modi’s economic policies?’ at goo.gl/cOQn17
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

PMO will discuss RBI s proposal to hedge crude import risksPrime Minister’s Office will discuss RBI's proposal to hedge crude import risks
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(The Prime Minister’s…)
NEW DELHI: The government is actively considering a Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) proposal to hedge crude oil import risks at a time when international crude prices have slumped close to the lowest in nearly four years, which could significantly reduce country's over $155 billion petroleum import bill.
The Prime Minister's Office has called a meeting on this matter this week, which will be attended by top government officials, official sources said. Globally, energy firms resort to hedging to shield themselves from highly volatile international crude oil market.
Crude oil prices have dropped by over 20 per cent since June this year. Brent crude, which fell to $82.60 per barrel on Oct 16 has risen to around $85. But, state refiners are skeptical. Global oil markets are highly volatile and no one can predict that rates have bottomed out. They are concerned about big losses if prices fall again after they lock supplies at the current rate. India imports about 80 per cent of crude oil it processes."
How can you take any definitive position in highly volatile commodity like crude? Similar situation took place about five years ago when its price dropped to below $40 per barrel by in January 2009 from a peak of about $140 in June 2008," an IOC executive said requesting anonymity.
Earlier, the parliamentary standing committee on petroleum and natural gas had rebuked state oil refiners for not hedging. It said questioned Indian Oil Corp (IOC), Hindustan Petroleum Corp ( HPCL ) and Bharat Petroleum Corp ( BPCL ) for shying away from hedging volatility risks when they purchase over 20 per cent of their requirements from the spot market.
"We usually hedge for refining margins, which is difference between crude price and product price. Hedging crude prices in large quantity is not often prudent. Delivery of crude to our refineries takes about 40 days, which makes hedging more risky.
At best, we can take options with floor and ceiling. But, that will attract huge premium. I believe, government and companies are in best position to take a view on this matter," former IOC Chairman RS Butola said.
Chief executive officer of a private-sector refiner said "hedging is dynamic and it is a function of perception and timeframe.
It may or may not give desired results. Public sector companies will opt for hedging only if the government will give definitive instructions as they are subject to tough audits."
India's current refining capacity is 215 million tonnes, including 89 MT private refining capacity.
State oil firms undergo stringent audit by CAG.
"If a private refiner hedge and lose heavily, nobody would blame its management, but if we make losses, we will be hounded even post-retirement," a director in a state oil firm said.
RBI permits oil companies to hedge price risks on crude and petroleum products on overseas exchanges and markets.
But, Indian firms prefer long-term contracts while purchasing crude oil.
They, however, meet about 20 per cent their crude oil requirements through spot markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajan may cut interest rates ahead of Dec 2 policy announcementRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may cut interest rates ahead of December 2 policy announcement
Atmadip Ray & Shilpy Sinha, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Rajan has raised the benchmark…)
KOLKATA|MUMBAI: RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may have ignored the overwhelming demand for an interest rate cut at the last meeting of the monetary policy Technical Advisory Committee, but he may find it difficult do so next month ahead of the December 2 policy announcement.
The sliding prices of commodities — from crude oil to tomatoes — along with the still-uncertain economic revival, slowing loan demand and improving governance may all possibly add up to Rajan having to begin easing the interest rate cycle earlier than expected.
Furthermore, the political class may also be getting impatient with the government having tightened up administration.
Some ministers are expecting a cut of as much as 50 basis points in the repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks. Rajan has raised the benchmark rate three times since he took charge in September last year to 8%. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
"Since Indian aggregate demand remains weak, and output is much below potential, if the glide "Rates should be kept to the minimum consistent with anchoring inflation expectations," said Goyal, a member of RBI's Technical Advisory Committee (TAC).
Pressure is mounting on Rajan, who has acquired a reputation as an inflation warrior since taking charge. He's been relentless in his bid to tame prices, making inflation-targeting the main objective of monetary policy. While this has won him admirers in the international investor community and elsewhere, growth-hungry companies believe he is out of sync with reality. Five of the seven members of TAC had sought an interest rate cut during its September meeting, RBI said in a statement on the minutes of the meeting.
Retail inflation dropped to a low of 6.46% in September, below the 8% target for January 2015, and closer to January 2016's target of 6%. But the catch is that once the base effect fades, the measure is expected to accelerate again by early next year. In fact, the RBI model forecasts 7% retail inflation by March 2016, which may be revised lower if commodity prices keep falling.
This has prompted some in the government, which under Narendra Modi has been relatively non-interventionist unlike the previous one, to begin talking up the advantages of an interest rate cut.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive," Arun Jaitley told the ToI in a recent interview. "Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates."
Although the prospects of an interest rate cut are brightening, some believe it may not happen at the next policy announcement , but probably after the Union Budget, which may capture government finances in the right light. Also, the RBI governor, who is keen not to repeat the mistakes of the past, may wait to see whether lower prices are sustained. He's said before that it's important not to give up on monetary tightening efforts until the inflation demon has been slain once and for all.
In its September assessment, RBI said monetary policy in disinflationary mode along with normal monsoons next year could mute the momentum of headline inflation.
The favourable base effects from high inflation in June-August 2014 could operate in conjunction to produce an easing inflation trajectory in the middle of 2015-16, it added.
"Given the consistent language that RBI has used in previous policies, it is likely that they will wait a few months more before any rate cut, and await comfort that the current positive trends on inflation can sustain into January 2016 and beyond," said Ananth Narayan, regional head of financial markets, South Asia, at Standard Chartered Bank . As a precursor to the easing cycle, even if Rajan does not lower interest rates, his language may become a lot more dovish, unlike his hawkish stance all along. "We still expect Rajan to cut in February to await greater clarity about meeting the 6% January 2016 target," said Indranil Sengupta, economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch .
"That said, the December policy may get more dovish with September GDP growth likely to slip to about 5% from 5.7% in June. On balance, we grow more confident of a February rate cut."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Partners were key for Amazon on Flipkart s big sale dayAmazon
(Amazon raised commissions…)
NEW DELHI: Early last month, when Flipkart was heavily promoting its largest single-day sale, rival Amazon India was busy courting online discount couponsellers, price-comparison websites, cash-back companies and other so-called affiliate networks to help drive traffic to its own site.
Amazon raised commissions by as much as 50 per cent to affiliates two days before Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale. It then bumped them up again on the day of the sale itself, October 6.
Online retailers lure customers by offering the cheapest price tags.
But rising competition means rivals are trying to ensure that they have an advantage on all possible battle fronts.
No wonder then that Amazon is getting aggressive on affiliate commissions as India's e-commerce business evolves rapidly, prompting homegrown sites such as Flipkart and Snapdeal to play the catch up game.
Several executives at affiliates that ET spoke to said Amazon pays the highest commissions— in the range of 5-15 per cent for every transaction routed from their sites. On October 6, the company doubled them to 10 per cent on the sale of electronics and offered up to 30 per cent on apparel and other high-margin products.
Such affiliates are typically sites that sell coupons or lure consumers with cash-back offers. They receive commission on every transaction they bring to e-commerce companies in the form of commissions. Affiliates are estimated to account for about 8 per cent of e-commerce sales in India.
"Since Amazon offered us double commission, a lot of affiliates like us on the ground were pushing Amazon more on that day (October 6)," said Swati Bhargava, cofounder of cash-back site Cashkaro.
com that also works with Flipkart and Snapdeal besides other online retailers. Higher commission helped Cashkaro to offer better cash-back deals to consumers, Bhargava said.
AMAZON EXPERIMENT
Amazon India said that it had been aggressive on this front during Diwali but that this had nothing to do with competition.
"We were testing several commissioning rates during this period and to incentivising (the affiliates) differently," said Kishore Thota, head of digital marketing at Amazon India.
The company's tests seem to have worked. An executive at an affiliate said traffic routed to Flipkart and Snapdeal jumped 200 per cent during Diwali, compared with 250 per cent to Amazon. Similarly, dealsite FreeKaaMaal.com said traffic from its website to Amazon grew fourfold during Diwali.
Mausam Bhatt, senior director of marketing at Flipkart, said he's unfazed by what rivals are doing. "We don't tend to react or change our commissions based on what the competition is doing," he said.
"We tend to have a fairly consistent commission structure that we maintain over a period of time and our relations with affiliates have been built over those lines and over a longer period of time as opposed to seasonal spikes or periodic reactions to activities."
With experts predicting a shakeout before long, e-commerce companies are seeking to ensure that they're the ones that will be left standing. To that end, large amounts of cash are being ploughed into the sector—Amazon is investing $2 billion in India while Flipkart has raised over $1.2 billion this year and Snapdeal is getting about $850 million. Online retail market is expected to surge to $32 billion by 2020 from $2.3 billion, accounting for 3 per cent of total Indian retail, according to consultant Technopak.
 
GLOBAL PRACTICE
Affiliates said they've got a better deal thanks to the US company's practices. "Amazon brought their global practice of maintaining direct channels with affiliates with no mediator in between," said Ravi Kumar, chief executive of Free-KaaMaal, who said that local online retailers previously outsourced this relationship to third parties. "Now everyone is following this model and everyone has their in-house affiliate-managing teams—no middlemen, so the margins are coming to us."
Acknowledging the importance of working directly with affiliates, Amazon started offering average commissions of about 10 per cent when local rivals were paying less than 2 per cent, prompting Flipkart and Snapdeal to raise their payments, said Abhinav Choudhary, cofounder of online price-comparison company Smartprix.com.
However, Snapdeal already had such a programme in place, said Sandeep Komaravelly, senior vice president, marketing.
"We had our affiliate programme far before Amazon or anyone had come in. If someone is saying that Amazon came and everything changed, I don't subscribe to that," he said.
But what Amazon did was pay closer attention to the marketing channel, said Sameer Parwani, chief executive of CouponDunia-.com, in which Times Internet Ltd acquired a majority stake in May.
"I wouldn't say other e-commerce sites had totally ignored affiliate marketing or did a bad job," said Parwani. "It's just one channel that Amazon valued a lot so other companies woke up a little bit and said we have to stay competitive in whatever Amazon is doing with affiliates being one of those channels."
This has meant important changes, such as the speeding up of payments, which could remain pending for several months earlier.
Now top e-commerce companies pay in a month, said Aman Jain of GoPaisa. Amazon will continue focusing on affiliates for marketing and customer acquisition.
"It's a very healthy traffic channel for us. We will continue to invest in it," Thota said. That should bring more cheer to the affiliate industry - and ultimately consumers.
"With commissions increasing, we are offering better cash-back to end consumers," said Ravitej Yadalam, chief executive of cashback site Pennyful.com. "So the consumer is the real winner in the whole battle."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Myntras Mukesh Bansal to play a larger role at Flipkart after reshuffleMyntra’s Mukesh Bansal to play a larger role at Flipkart after reshuffle
Radhika P Nair & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 05.54AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Employees at the Bengaluru…)
BENGALURU: Flipkart has reshuffled its top management, handing more responsibility toMukesh Bansal, the founder of fashion portal Myntra which was acquired by India's largest online retailer earlier this year.The rejig will also result in a higher profile for Ankit Nagori, the marketplace head who will also now oversee general merchandise and book-retailing, the business Flipkart began life with.
"The moves are part of a larger organisational rehaul," said two people with directknowledge of the process. Employees at the Bengaluru company were informed about these changes in an email on Monday morning sent by founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal.
The email also announced the return of Kalyan Krishnamurthy, the company's interim chief financial officer, to Tiger Global which is one of the leading investors in Flipkart.
"The intention is very clear,"said another person, who works in a consulting capacity with Flipkart. The seven-year-old company which received funding of over $1.2 billion (.`7,300 crore) this year has so far focusedonoperations."Nowthe model — inventory, marketplace and private brands — has become more important.
Each model will play a different role for the company," said the source. While private brands will bring in profitability, growingthemarketplacewillbringscale. A spokeswoman for Flipkart who termed the organisational changes as regular said "realigning roles and responsibilities help us keep pace with our aggressive growth and the dynamic environmentweoperate in".
Ever since it acquired fashion portal Myntra in May, Flipkart has turned to Myntraco-founderMukeshBansalasthe lead person for functions ranging from fashion to now marketing. He will also take care of additional categories like computers and consumer electronics where Flipkart hopes to create and aggressively market private label brands, including in-house tablet brand DigiFlip .
Nagori,who is driving the growth of the marketplace will also oversee books and general merchandise sales. While former marketing chief Ravi Vora has been tasked to "build consumer brands from the ground up", according to a person with direct knowledge of the developments. Experts are of the view that such restructuring is expected as the Indian online retail industry turns into a battleground between three top contenders - Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal.
"Flipkart has come through the battle of gettingthebasicsinplace,theyhaveto now prepare for the next level of battle with a very aggressive Amazon and Snapdeal ,"saidRanjanDas,chairmanat The Strategy Academy and professor of strategicmanagementat IIM-Calcutta.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India could be among the top two markets for Xiaomi smartphonesIndia could be in top two markets for Xiaomi
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.00AM IST
Tags:
Flipkart
(“There’s no doubt in…)
NEW DELHI: Xiaomi, China's largest smartphone maker which is among the world's top 4, believes India could be its second-largestmarket by volumesoon as it continues to get massive traction here when such devices are the fastest-growing consumer category. After selling more than 400,000 smartphones in India, including the entry-level Redmi 1s and highly popular Mi 3, since launching in July, demand for Xiaomi phones has surged, even though the Indian Air Force raised security concerns, which the companyhassought toaddress.
"There's no doubt in my mind that India as a market has the potential to be our second-largest market worldwide and a significant contributor to our global shipments," Hugo Barra , Xiaomi's VP of international markets, told ET. "We will workhardtowardsmakingthathappen."
Barra was upbeat about prospects in India, where Xiaomi has targeted making 100,000 smartphones available for weekly flash sales, 10 times the number of devices it started out with, to meet unprecedented demand on e-commerce site Flipkart , its only outlet in the country.
The company continues to struggle with supplies."We are still working to meet our goal of having 100,000 units steadily available every week," Barrasaid.Overthepast couple of weeks, Xiaomi has faced production and logistics-related difficulties, but Barra is hopeful of hitting the required volume steadily in the coming weeks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India likely to get car-safety norms in next 4-5 yearsTweet
NEW DELHI: Within the next 4-5 years the government will ensure vehicles provide basic safety in line with global standards for adult occupants, children and pedestrians. While minimum frontal crash test norms at 56 kmph will be notified, the government also intends to roll out a complete new car assessment programme between October 2017 and October 2020.
ETAuto Poll: Should India have mandatory vehicle crash test?
The Bharat New Vehicle Safety Assessment Programme (BNVSAP) will be brought in force and mandatory star rating of all new cars will start from October 2017. This will be done based on test results for frontal and rear tests. The other features to be considered include anti-lock braking system (ABS), seat belt reminder and child lock functionality check. A road transport ministry official said that they will come out with regulatory norms which every new vehicle will have to meet before products are sold in the market.
However, the implementation will start after three years since automobile manufacturers need lead time for transition.
The transition of existing models to comply with new norms will take more time since companies need to change their assembly lines and product designs. The programme will be implemented in three phases.
Officials said these norms can be implemented when there are enough facilities in the country to carry out such tests. Nitin Gokarn , CEO and project director of National Automotive Testing and R&D Infrastructure Project said that facilities for different crash tests will be in place by March 2015. "These facilities will be upgraded to keep pace with the latest global technology advancements," he added.
There will also be an administrative body of BNVSAP , which will have the authority to choose the new vehicle models to be taken up for assessment to verify compliance. In parallel to mandatory star rating for new models, the voluntary star rating for both new and old model shall also be allowed.

Apple Watch Launch Date Details Emerge"Early," it now seems, means sometime this Spring .
That's according to a transcript of an internal Apple video obtained by 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman. In the video, Angela Ahrendts, Apple's senior vice president of retail and online stores, purportedly tells retail employees that the watch will launch after Chinese New Year , which is February 19.
"We're going into the holidays, we'll go into Chinese New Year, and then we've got a new watch launch coming in the spring," Ahrendts said, according to an image of the transcript posted by 9to5Mac .
"Spring," of course, could mean different things to different people, though the season officially begins on March 20.
9to5Mac's latest report about Apple Watch's release date comes as tech startups and stalwarts continue to battle for your wrist. Microsoft last week unceremoniously announced the Microsoft Band , a $199 bracelet that tracks sleep quality, heart rate and how many calories you burn.
Samsung's $350 Galaxy Gear S, which connects to a cellular network and and has a curved screen, becomes available in the U.S. later this week. And FitBit, a California-based startup that makes activity trackers, last week announced a new lineup of devices , one of which is a $250 sports watch.
Despite the onslaught of competition, Canalys, a research firm, expects Apple will sell the majority of "wearable bands," a category that includes both fitness trackers (think Jawbone and FitBit) and smartwatches (Apple Watch, Motorola's Moto 360, etc.) next year.
More:

Donations: How to give your cake and eat it tooMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Donations to some institutions qualify for tax rebate under the the Income-Tax Act, 1961. Such benefits can be availed of by an individual, a company, an Association of Persons (AoP) or even an NRI. Here we take a look at some donations that qualify for rebate.
Donation to certain funds, charitable institutions: First of all, you need to ensure that you have donated to an appropriate charitable institution, that is, one approved under Section 80G of the Act. Typically, such institutions display their 80G-status prominently on their websites.
The Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund, approved universities/education institutions, any notified temple, mosque, etc., are some of the institutions/ trusts prescribed under Section 80G. The amount of deduction will be either 100% or 50% (which could be further restricted to 10% of the gross taxable income before deducting donation) of the qualifying amount of the donation, depending on the fund/institution to which donation is made.
However, no deduction can be claimed in respect of donation of an amount exceeding R10,000 unless such sum is paid by any mode other than cash.
Donation for scientific research or rural development: Donations to registered/approved institutions catering to scientific research and rural development are eligible for deduction under Section 80GGA. These mainly include approved associations/institutions having object of undertaking scientific research, including research in social science or statistical research or eradication of poverty, rural development, etc. Note that this deduction is not available to any person having income from business or profession. Also, no deduction is allowed under this Section in respect of donation of any amount exceeding R10,000 unless such a sum is paid by any mode other than cash.
If the approval granted to any institution(s) prescribed therein, stands withdrawn subsequent to the donation made, the person making donation will not be debarred from claiming tax benefit under Section 80GGA.
Contribution to political parties or electoral trusts: Making contribution to a political party or electoral trust can also reduce your tax liability under the provisions of Section 80GGB or Section 80GGC. Whereas Section 80GGB gives tax benefit only to an Indian company, Section 80GGC is applicable to any person (including a company), except local authority and every artificial judicial person wholly or partly funded by the government.
Further, such a political party or trust must be registered under Representation of the People Act, 1951. There is no specific mode of making such contribution. However, cash contribution made on or after April 1, 2014, would not qualify for deduction under Sections 80GGB and 80GGC of the Act. It is relevant to note that donations in kind are not eligible for deductions.
The receipt must include details like name and address of the trust, name of the donor, amount donated mentioned in words and figures, registration number of the trust as given by the income-tax department under Section 80G, along with its validity period.
By Rakesh Nangia
The writer is managing partner, Nangia & Co. With inputs from Neha Malhotra, Nangia & Co.
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

NYSE boss sees value in trading floorNYSE boss Thomas Farley sees value in trading floor
Nicole Bullock and Gregory Meyer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17611f84-6372-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thai Airways plane skids off runwayEnough evidence to show LeT, Pak hand in Uri attack: Army
All 259 people onboard a Thai Airways plane had a narrow escape after the aircraft skidded off the taxiway while preparing for takeoff at an airport in northeastern Thailand, halting all airport operations.
The Airbus 330-300 was scheduled to depart the country’s Khon Kaen airport for Bangkok last night when the aircraft left the tarmac as the crew attempted a U-turn on the runway, causing its nose wheel to plough into the soft ground.
The two pilots of the flight TG047, 11 other crew members and 246 passengers were safe.
The damage to the aircraft was being assessed today, the Bangkok Post reported.
“The aircraft was making a turn for the runway when a wheel slipped off the tarmac,” said Pratana Patanasiri, THAI’s vice president aviation safety, security and standards department.
As the plane was unable to move, the airport had to close runway operations. The airport’s single runway has no taxiways.
The incident is the latest to have affected Thai Airways, which is said to have suffered from a drop in tourism to Thailand in recent years because of political unrest.
TAGS: Thai Aircraft Slipped Thai Airways Thai Airways Plane
More from miscellaneous

Firms to pump in Rs 14 000 cr towards CSR  says FMCorporates to pump in Rs 14,000 cr towards CSR in 2014-15: FM
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 22:11 IST
FM Arun Jaitley
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday companies are expected to pump in as much as Rs 14,000 crore for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities in 2014-15 and the amount will increase in subsequent years.
"... CSR alone in its very first year is going to contribute about Rs 14,000 crore into the (social) sector and that's reasonably a large amount of money. This is going to increase year after year as corporate profits increase," he said while speaking at a function organised jointly by the Jubilant Bhartia and Schwab foundations.
Under the new Companies Act, certain class of profitable companies are required to spend at least 2 per cent of their three-year average annual net profit for CSR activities.
Noting that corporates are late entrants in the charitable activities in the country, Jaitley said, "the best in the Indian society is yet to be realised...They (corporates) are essentially obsessed with their cause, they are convinced about their cause."
The Indian society was currently "witnessing a passing phase or turning point", he said, expressing the hope that corporate would enter the charity in a big way.
"Its impact will now be fully seen. (It will be) appreciated by even those who are otherwise unaware or unwilling to recognise the contribution," Jaitley said.
The Minister later gave India Social Entrepreneur of the Year 2014 award to Hanumappa Sudarshan of Karuna Trust.

HK chief links exchange delay to protestsHK chief links exchange delay to protests
Josh Noble in Hong Kong and Robin Kwong in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6f2bbec-6438-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Permanent campaign rolls on to 2016The permanent campaign rolls on to 2016
Richard McGregor in Lexington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a030efe2-643f-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Speaking at NYU Law School ThursdayComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Eurozone manufacturing still sluggishEurozone manufacturing recovery remains sluggish
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6f9b172-633b-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vietnam riots hit global supply chainVietnam riots land another blow on the global supply chain
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
Geopolitical tensions create problems for multinationals
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/abc9ba84-e01c-11e3-9534-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rana Plaza companies not doing enoughMay 11, 2014 7:21 am
Rana Plaza companies ‘not doing enough’
By Ruth Sullivan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a9fe3358-d51b-11e3-adec-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Philippines tycoons top outbound M&A actionPhilippines tycoon’s whisky deal highlights thirst for new markets
Jeremy Grant
Trend is helping to focus investor attention on 10-member Asean bloc
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18e617ae-63e2-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LabCorp to buy drug developer CovanceLabCorp to buy drug developer Covance
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e7ddc30-6377-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1qnVoPlFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
McRib goes viral in three videos
McDonald's is flooding social media to convince consumers it's coming clean about its McRib. Over the past few days, the fast-food giant has posted three different videos that purport to answer key consumer
Post to Facebook
McRib goes viral in three videos McDonald's is flooding social media to convince consumers it's coming clean about its McRib. Over the past few days, the fast-food giant has posted three different videos that purport to answer key consumer Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tXYXAr
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
16
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
McRib goes viral in three videos
As part of an ongoing marketing campaign to dispel myths about its food, McDonald's is opening up about it popular barbecue sandwich. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 2:43 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
The elusive McRib makes an appearance at a McDonald's restaurant in 2010 in San Francisco.
(Photo: David Paul Morris, Getty Images)
3091 CONNECT 83 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
McDonald's is flooding social media to convince consumers it's coming clean about its McRib.
Over the past few days, the fast-food giant has posted three different videos on its YouTube channel that purport to answer key consumer questions about the McRib — just as the the product is rolling out into about 75% of McDonald's restaurants nationwide.
The move comes one year after some terrible social media buzz hit McRib. A very unappetizing image of a frozen McRib went viral, causing a hailstorm of criticism.  And a tweet went viral that accused McDonald's of using an ingredient in its McRibs that's also used to make yoga mats. Initially, McDonald's took the defensive.  It even posted a news release last year on its website that specified the McRib "is made using only real, quality ingredients including 100% real pork."
But it was too little too late.  The social media damage had been done.
Video Keywords barbecue sauce home improvement
A photo of the popular McDonald's sandwich has surfaced on Reddit. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:04  Prudent. The mic rig is back at things are not
00:08  always the way they appear. I'm as their brown and this
00:11  is socialized. Yes tis the season for the knicks read to
00:15  return to McDonald's menus. But before you rush out to order
00:19  your sandwich there's something you may want a seat first. This
00:23  is a photo of the way the mic rig looks when
00:25  it's just with barbecue sauce pickles and onions. According to credit.
00:29  This is the way the immigrant looks before it goes through
00:32  its juicy transformation. At first glance I thought it looked like
00:35  something used for home improvement. The first show up and read
00:39  it posts by DJ did not work that is body works
00:42  and McDonald's sent in the Fata. We'll tell us the image
00:45  remind you tweet me your thoughts at this air brown.
This year, however, McDonald's is taking the offensive, even as it begins to roll out the McRib, which was first introduced in the early 1980s.  It has posted three McRib videos at once.
One features its social media McSpokesman extraordinare, Grant Imahara, best-known for hosting the TV show MythBusters. In the video, he visits a McDonald's pork supplier along with a consumer who, last year, tweeted out an e-mail of the yucky McRib photo and advised anyone who saw it to never eat at McDonald's again. (By the time the video ends, they both become "McRib Buddies.")
Another features a McDonald's archivist who briefly explains where McRib came from. (A chef who ordered a tasty rack of ribs at a restaurant in Charlotte, S.C., came back inspired.)
A third features a McDonald's executive trying to explain why McRib is seasonal. ("The truth is, the McRib comes back when it wants to come back," says senior creative director Diane Andreoni.)
In any case, McDonald's three-week old "Our Food.  Your Questions" social media campaign has buzz.  Officials already have publicly responded to more than 10,000 questions on Facebook and Twitter, says Heather Oldani, senior director of communications.  But the key, she says, is the videos.  "People want visual context," she says. "It's like the old adage:  seeing is believing."
In the videos, McDonald's give consumers the feeling that they're being taken behind closed doors for an inside look at supplier facilities.  "Visual content resonates and has the power to move greater than the written word," says Oldani.
McRibs will stick around at McDonald's for about a month and a half, she says.  The rib sandwiches don't come and go because of supply and demand, but more as a consumer tease, she says.  "It's the idea of elusiveness," she says. "It's like the Shamrock Shake.  It comes back and people look forward to it."
In the meantime, McDonald's is just getting started with its "Our Food. Your Questions" webisodes.  There already are plans for one on Chicken McNuggets and another on french fries, she says.
3091 CONNECT 83 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tXYXAr
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Asian markets await cues from JapanAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

EU migrants contribute 20bn to BritainEU migrants pay £20bn more in taxes than they receive
Helen Warrell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c49043a8-6447-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The permanent campaign rolls on to 2016The permanent campaign rolls on to 2016
Richard McGregor in Lexington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a030efe2-643f-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Erdogans palace has $600m price tag© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7fc8389e-6441-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Erdogans presidencyAugust 11, 2014 6:15 pm
Erdogan is the victor but he is not yet almighty
By Sinan Ulgen
It is next year’s parliamentary elections that will determine Turkey’s future, writes Sinan Ulgen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47df7d2c-2146-11e4-a958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti to invest Rs 4 000 crore in three yearsMaruti to invest Rs 4,000 crore in key areas in 2-3 years
PTI     Hyderabad   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 08:28 IST
Maruti Alto K10
Country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) is investing up to Rs 4,000 crore in the next 2-3 years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said on Tuesday.
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering, CV Raman said.
"Currently Rs 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and marketing infrastructure over period of two to three years (including the current year).
"We will be improving our R&D capability. We are setting up test labs and other facilities. Marketing infrastructure such as setting up stockyards will be created," Raman said on the sidelines of launch of the company's new version of Alto K10 hatchback.
The company is expected to come out with a SUV- XA Alpha- next year, he said.
Replying to a query, Raman said as of now there are no plans to make diesel engines while Suzuki is working on various types of engines in diesel.
On the reports of crash test failure of Swift, Raman said the car meets all standards set by the Indian government.
ALSO READ: Maruti launches new Alto K10 at Rs 3.06 lakh
"All MSIL as well as other vehicles comply with Indian regulations. As far as swift is concerned. The test is not mandatory in India. There is no regulation to pass that test," he said.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
He asserted that the Global NCAP report will not have any impact on Swift sales.
The production of auto gear shift models is being ramped up to meet the market demand, he said.
"Currently, roughly about 4,000 vehicles (are being produced) per month with AGS technology and going forward will ramp up this number. We feel that the two pedal technology is very relevant now. Obviously the auto gear models would increase the volume.
May be in future we look at coming out with more models in AGS," he said.
Raman said the sales of diesel vehicles could go up as the price difference between petrol and diesel is narrowing.
Further, the country's largest car maker also plans to export its next generation small car Alto K10 to Africa, Latin America and the Middle East.
"We intend to export the Alto K10 to Africa, Middle East and Latin America", Amitava Roy, Vice President (Parts), told reporters soon after launching the model in Kerala.
Maruti sold 11 lakh cars in the country last year and was expecting a 10 per cent growth this year, he said.
This is the first time in the country that at the entry level a car has been fitted with automatic gear shift. Pointing out that Kerala was definitely a market for small cars, he said that 3,000 of the total of 9,000 cars sold monthly in the state are Alto.
Sporting a new youthful look, the Alto K10 claims to deliver a fuel efficiency of 24.07 km per litre, a 15 per cent improvement over the previous model.
The petrol variant is priced between Rs 3.22 lakh and Rs 3.73 lakh (ex-showroom Kochi), while the Auto Gear Shift model is priced at Rs 3.97 lakh. The CNG model will cost Rs 3.99 lakh.

Asia takes wind out of Chicagos sailsLast updated: November 5, 2014 2:54 am
Asia futures focus takes wind from Chicago’s sails
Neil Munshi and Jeremy Grant
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67f7f2a4-63e7-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Finmeccanica out  Sikorsky joins Navy copter...Finmeccanica out, US's Sikorsky joins Navy copter acquisition race
By TNN | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.04AM IST
The commercial bid of the other contender in fray, American Sikorsky-70B choppers, will now be opened this month after a long delay.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
DELHI: The infamous VVIP helicopter scandal has claimed another victim. The defence ministry has ejected the European NH-90 chopper, linked to Italian conglomerate Finmeccanica , out of the race to supply 16 multirole helicopters to the Navy.
The commercial bid of the other contender in fray, American Sikorsky-70B choppers, will now be opened this month after a long delay. "Both NH-90 and Sikorsky-70B choppers had cleared the technical trials held a couple of years ago," said a MoD source.
"But their commercial bids were not opened due to various controversies. Now, the Sikorsky bid will undergo evaluation and final price negotiations will follow. The defence procurement policy permits single-vendor situation if the bids were earlier submitted in a competitive manner," he added.
The long-pending acquisition of the 16 helicopters is critical for the Navy since it is fast running out of choppers that can detect, track and kill enemy submarines at a time when the Chinese navy has stepped up its forays in the Indian Ocean region.
The Navy is also keen to kick-start a much bigger project for manufacturing 124 multi-role helicopters, armed with anti-submarine warfare (ASW) and early-warning capabilities as well as customized for amphibious commando operations, in an indigenous project worth around $3 billion.
The procurement process for the 16 new helicopters, which was initiated several years ago, had been kept on hold since the CBI began investigating the now-scrapped 556 million euro contract for the 12 VVIP AW-101 helicopters of AgustaWestland, the UK-based subsidiary of Finmeccanica.
With the Modi government implementing "a partial ban" on Finmeccanica, under which ongoing contracts will continue but there will be no fresh deals, the European NH-90 chopper has now been eliminated from the naval chopper procurement case.

Nikki Haley wins 2nd term as South Carolina ...You are here: Home > Collections
Nikki Haley wins 2nd term as South Carolina governor
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 10.09AM IST
Tags:
Governor
(She was cruising ahead with…)
WASHINGTON: Indian-American governor of South Carolina Nikki Haley has registered a convincing win over her nearest Democratic rival Vincent Sheheen to win a second term.
While counting of votes was still on, the 42-year-old daughter of Indian immigrants was declared the winner based on exit poll data projections and preliminary counting.
She was cruising ahead with more than 55 per cent of the popular votes as against 41 per cent garnered by Sheheen, according to the latest reports.
She is only the second Indian-American governors in the United States, the other being fellow Republican Bobby Jindal of Louisiana.
The victory has boost her profile in the Republican party at the national level. During the election campaign, top Republican leaders, including the former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, and the Governors of Louisiana and New Jersey - Bobby Jindal and Chris Christie - respectively, had canvassed in her favour.
Haley is considered one of the most popular governors in the US. She raised more than USD8 million in her re-election campaign as against USD3.5 million by her rival Sheheen.
FEATURED ARTICLES

L&T s construction arm bags orders worth Rs 1 576 cr in OctoberHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
L&T's construction arm bags orders worth Rs 1,576 cr in October
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
The construction arm of Larsen & Toubro has won new orders for Rs 1,576 crore during October 2014, according to an exchange filing from the company.
Of this, the power transmission and distribution business won orders worth Rs 1,164 crore. Prominent among them is an order from Madhyanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam for strengthening and augmentation of power supply networks of Lucknow funded by Power Finance Corporation.
The order entails construction of 33 substations of 11 KV each, modernisation of existing substations, 11KV distribution lines, distribution transformer centres, underground cabling, installations of ring main units and electronic meters.
The company has also bagged an order for supply, erection, testing and commissioning of 33/ 11 KV power distribution network from West Bengal State Electricty Distribution Company covering the districts of Nadia, North 24 Parganas and Cooch Behar funded by Rural Electrification Corporation under the 12th plan.
The water and renewable energy business won orders with add-ons for Rs 304 crore.
An EPC order from Government of Jharkhand under the Ranchi water supply scheme has been booked for design/construction of a 172 million litres- a-day (MLD) intake well with a pump house, 114 MLD water treatment plant and 217 km of rising mains, distribution pipelines and allied works.
Orders worth Rs 108 crore were received for various jobs by the company's Heavy Civil Infrastructure Business during October.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

President going to Bhutan on Nov 7President going to Bhutan on Nov 7
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
The President, Pranab Mukherjee, will pay a State visit to Bhutan on November 7 & 8, the Ministry of External Affairs announced on Wednesday.
In a statement, the Ministry said that this will be the first bilateral visit by an Indian President to Bhutan in 26 years. During the visit, the President will have meetings and interactions with the King of Bhutan and the Prime Minister of Bhutan.
The President will be accompanied by a high-level delegation, including Minister of State for Railways, four Members of Parliament, senior officials and senior representatives of Indian educational and academic institutions, the statement added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Time for RBI to cut interest rates: Anand Mahindra | Govt on right path: WEF MDAnand Mahindra
(Stating that the economy…)
NEW DELHI: Stating that the economy has started improving, Mahindra Group Chairman and Managing Director Anand Mahindra today said the RBI should consider cutting interest rates to boost growth.
"It might be time for the RBI to think of a rate cut," Mahindra said here on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit.
He added that in the past the central bank hasn't been able to bring down the rates due to high inflation.
"The need of the hour has changed and its time to start to look to support growth," Mahindra said.
The inflation measured in terms of Wholesale Price Index (WPI) touched a five year low of 2.38 per cent in September. Besides, retail inflation has also dropped to 6.46 per cent, the lowest since the new series of Consumer Price Index was released in January 2012.
Mahindra also said that with a new government taking charge, not only have the sentiments improved but the economy has also started showing signs of growth on the back of various steps taken by the Narendra Modi-led regime.
"This (Indian economy) is a large flywheel. It is not a jump start, it takes a while to gain momentum. I see signs that the flywheel is beginning to move," he said.
Highlighting the significance of "little dose of reforms" undertaken by the new government and how it would eventually add up to "big bang reforms", Mahindra said: "By the first quarter of the next fiscal, you'd see palpable signs of growth."
While appreciating the steps taken by the new government such as extending the excise duty cut, he said it is time to bring down taxes in the auto industry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India-born entrepreneur opens new remittance...(India-born Rajesh Agrawal…)
LONDON: A London-based Indian-origin entrepreneur has launched a unique "pay-what-you-want" money remittance service that abolishes compulsory fees.
India-born Rajesh Agrawal believes his Xendpay online platform will save customers in the developing world £60 million over the next five years.
India is the largest recipient of remittances in the world, with USD 71 billion sent last year. World Bank figures show global migrants last year sent home 250 billion pounds in remittances to developing countries - with an eight per cent increase predicted for 2014.
"It is a social imperative that the cost of sending money abroad is significantly reduced," said Agrawal, who announced the launch here this week.
"The remittance industry takes far more than it needs to in profit and in doing so drains away a lot of money that would otherwise reach those in developing nations. By launching a no fees, best rate transfer service I hope to challenge and change this," he added.
Under the Xendpay model, customers can send anything from 1 to 100,000 pounds and will be asked to "tip" what they want for the service - even if it's nothing - and will also be given the best exchange rates usually reserved for multinational corporations.
"I set up Xendpay not to be the biggest or to make money but to make money transfer better and cheaper. I believe people will recognise the value in what we are doing both financially and socially and that as a result the discretionary 'tips' model will work," explains Agrawal.
The Xendpay model has been accepted as a Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) Commitment to Action, with an objective to save people sending money through the platform. Established by Bill Clinton in 2005, the CGI convenes global leaders to create and implement innovative solutions to the world's most pressing challenges.
Xendpay is part of the Rational Group of companies, which offers low-cost money transfer services which has made transfers worth over USD 5 billion of transfers since inception in 2005.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex crosses 28k mark  Nifty at fresh record highs; top 12 stocksSensex crosses 28,000 mark, Nifty hits fresh record highs; top twelve stocks in focus
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.35AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Sensex surged as much as…)
MUMBAI: The BSE Sensex broke through the 28,000 mark for the first time on Wednesday, then fell back as traders booked profits after the run-up over the past 12 trading days. The FM's cautionary remarks on the pace of reforms may have prompted them to reduce their positions. Having surged 1,917 points in the past two weeks, the Sensex hit a lifetime high of 28,010.39 in early trade.
The Sensex started losing momentum later and ended at 27,915.88, up 55.5 points, or 0.2%. The broader Nifty rose 14.15 points, or 0.17%, to close at 8,338.30. Both ended at record highs. At the India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum in Delhi, Jaitley cautioned against rushing into big-bang reforms that could trigger a political backlash and derail the government's agenda.
The last 1,000 points of the Sensex rally came in just five trading sessions. The Nifty extended its winning streak for the sixth consecutive session. While foreign portfolio investors bought Indian equities worth 1,031 crore on Wednesday, domestic institutions sold 1,204 crore of shares, as per BSE provisional figures.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net 1,459.30 crore in the previous trading session on Monday. Tuesday was a market holiday.
Any sharp correction from current levels could be shortlived as expectations of an interest rate cut are building, said fund managers and brokers.
"The market's direction will be based on hopes of a rate cut in December," said Motilal Oswal, CMD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Among sectoral indices, the BSE Bankex was the top gainer at 1.41%, followed by healthcare (1.01%) and IT (0.73%). The BSE Metal index fell 3.03% while the power index declined 0.91%.
"Correction in global commodity prices, liquidity easing by Japan, no immediate threat of increase in US interest rate and domestic fiscal reforms... all looks positive for India," said Pankaj Murarka, head of equity, Axis Mutual Fund. "Sooner or later, RBI has to change its policy stance and cut interest rates, which will further boost the market."
Brent crude declined to $81.61 per barrel, its lowest in four years amid speculation OPEC will refrain from paring a global surplus. Declining crude oil prices augur well for India as the country imports 80% of its requirement. However, the HSBC India Services Business Activity Index fell to 50.0 in October from 51.6 due to weaker growth in new business orders.
That's not likely to dampen market enthusiasm.
"Flooded with funds, FIIs and DIIs will take the current momentum to new highs," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, MD & CEO, Destimoney Securities. "The winter session of Parliament will be closely watched with the government set to table important bills such as GST, land reforms and insurance."
Amar Ambani, head of research at IIFL, said, "The focus is likely to shift toward small-caps and midcaps and the Bank Nifty would continue to lead with heavyweights such as ICICI Bank , Axis Bank and SBI driving it."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Watch Live as Candidates Speak After Election ResultsThe races listed below are editorially selected key races from around the country. To find results from other states, use the "state results" menu at the top of this page.
DDemocratic

Tri-Valley founder gets 16 years prison for running fake universityTri-Valley founder gets 16 years prison for running fake university
PTI
Tweet
San Francisco, Nov 5:  
A San Francisco woman has been sentenced to more than 16 years in prison for running what prosecutors say was a sham university that served as a front for an immigration scam.
Susan Xiao-Ping Su, founder and president of the phoney Tri-Valley University, was also ordered during a hearing Friday to forfeit $5.6 million and pay more than $900,000 in restitution.
Federal prosecutors say Su was selling visa-related documents that allowed foreigners, mostly Indian nationals, to live in the US.
She was convicted in March of visa fraud and other charges. Multiple Tri-Valley employees testified that the school had no graduation or admission requirements and that Su instructed her staff to fabricate transcripts and other documents.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Three years after his death  Bhupen Hazarika memorial still anon-starterBhupen Hazarika.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 5, 2014 10:54 am
Even as Assam paid rich tributes to the legendary singer, musician, poet and filmmaker Bhupen Hazarika on his third death anniversary on Wednesday, an ambitious Rs 13-crore project announced by the Assam government more than a year ago to build a befitting memorial for him has remained a non-starter.
Though the government had in November last year promised to complete it by today, state cultural affairs minister Pranatee Phukan said it would now be completed only by November 2015. In August, chief minister Tarun Gogoi had directed the cultural department to expedite construction of the memorial without further delay.
While Hazarika had passed away on November 5, 2011, only a temporary structure stands at the spot where he was cremated near the Gauhati University campus, where he had served as a professor for a couple of years before quitting to take up singing and music.
The proposed memorial would include a two-storied structure with a library, an auditorium and an audio-visual room. An open air theatre and a pen-shaped aluminium silhouetted statue of Hazarika along with a musical fountain and a souvenir shop are also supposed to be part of the memorial
Meanwhile, the Assam government today unveiled a new project of establishing open-air stages in the memory of Bhupen Hazarika in all the 219 development blocks of the state. To be built at a cost of Rs 25 lakh each, these open-air stages would also have a park alongside. (ends)

HTC M8 gets a boost with Eye cameraappHTC One M8 will have the Eye camera option now.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 5, 2014 10:43 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 4:04 pm
The HTC One M8 has one of the best cameras in a smart phone. Now, the Taiwanese smartphone major is updating its flagship with its latest camera software, the one it pushed on the new HTC Desire Eye. The HTC Desire Eye is the first smartphone to sport 13MP cameras in the rear and front. The Eye software lets you make best use of the same with unique features like Crop-Me-In and Split Capture. We check out the new Eye software on the HTC flagship.
The Eye camera app shows all features
Eye camera
The Eye camera software will soon be available across a lot of HTC’s smartphone line-up. For now it is seen on the HTC Desire Eye phone as well as newer models of the HTC One M8. The software, along with the regular Camera and Selfie options, gives you a Crop-Me-In option, photo booth and split capture.
Crop-Me-In: Since I used the HTC Desire Eye soon after its launch in New York, I have been wondering what the purpose of this feature is. But I am sure there are lots of people out there who would want to see themselves cropped against the Taj Mahal. What the app does is crop you mug shot clicked using the front camera on the image that is being clicked with the back camera at that point of time. The results are good if you have a white background, very hard to find when you are at a tourist spot, or any place you want to shoot a picture. Even if the results are good, there is something aesthetically weird about you jutting out from the corner of a screen. I would click a photo with this and pass it on for the rest of my photographic adventures.
Very few phone cameras offer so much settings
Photo booth: Now, this one is for the compulsive selfie clicker. Once you click the trigger, the app initiates four selfies at three-second intervals. Great option when you want to fool around of Whatsapp your new hairstyle to family around the world. This feature showcases the quality of the selfie on this camera as well as the speed with which the M8 can move to the next show. I wouldn’t mind using this once in a while to goof around with my son.
Split capture: This feature let’s you click two similar size photos with both the cameras at the same time. Both results are good though the M8 does not have the dual camera power of the HTC Desire Eye. You might want to use this once in a while, maybe to show an expression of continued…

Indian hostages in Iraq: Centre to send another diplomatNEW DELHI, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 23:22 IST
42 Indians detained by IS in Iraq safe, says Sushma
Pheroze L. Vincent
The Hindu External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj along with Food Processing Industries Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal addressing the media after meeting family members of Indian men who went missing in Iraq, in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
civil war
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj assured the families of 42 Indians detained by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in Iraq, that they were alive.
“Although our sources do not have any evidence to show, they are repeating that the men are alive. The information we have is from other sources. We have not established contact with them (Indians) yet but we have no reason to doubt the information that we have. They are being made to work and hence being cared for by their captors,” she said.
The Indians were detained by the ISIL around June 11, when Mosul fell to the insurgent group. The last their families heard from them on phone was on June 15.
Ms. Swaraj added that as per a request from the families, another official is being sent on Thursday to assist Indian Envoy in Erbil Suresh Reddy. “We will also ask other political parties if anyone is willing to help. The relatives are not putting any undue pressure but they have asked for proof that their boys are alive,” she told reporters after meeting the families here on Tuesday.
The families were accompanied by Union Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal and Shiromani Akali Dal leaders. “Our prime concern is to keep them safe,” Ms. Badal said.
Chandrabhan Tiwari, father of a captive from Siwan in Bihar, said that they were informed by Ms. Swaraj that their boys were being put to work in different factories by the ISIL. “She said that six sources have confirmed that our children are alive,” he told The Hindu.
A sister of one of the detainees, Gurpinder Kaur from Amritsar, confirmed that a man named Lucky Singh who worked there earlier has volunteered to go help the envoy. “The minister said that she would let us know if they would take him, after discussions in the ministry,” she told The Hindu.

Reforms Not About One Sensational Idea: Arun JaitleySpeaking at the World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit in India, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley voiced optimism that the measures initiated by the government will soon show results.
Highlights:
I am satisfied with the beginning we have made
Measures initiated by the government will soon show results at the ground level
One has to consistently pursue the reforms agenda
Reforms not about one sensational idea
PM Modi is accessible to bureaucrats
Retrospective taxation was a bad idea that damaged the Indian economy
No steps should be taken which sends a contrarian signal
Element of discretion in hands of state has disappeared
Discretion has been misused, allegations of crony capitalism was true
Element of fairness in the system was lacking
Last 5-6 months every decision intended in direction of eliminating discretion
Optimistic that financial inclusion targets will be exceeded
I hope that the amended Insurance Bill will be passed in the next session of Parliament
Will continue on path of divestment
Will look at some PSU that may do better in private hands
Do hope private sector in India would get into manufacturing defence equipment in a big manner
Reforms similar to coal block allocation on the anvil for other minerals
Need to relook at some aspects of Land Acquisition Law
Land acquisition is one of the difficult areas
India not opposed to trade facilitation
India's position at WTO has been misunderstood due to unreasonable positioning by developed countries
Dispute not with regard to trade facilitation
Unreasonable posturing by some countries on the issue
Trade facilitation has become a victim due to the unreasonable positioning by developed countries
Subsidies cannot be altogether eliminated by can be rationalised
Some aspects of labour laws can be rationalized and improved
Can't lay down timeline on Labour Law
We have to convince the entire political spectrum that a more flexible policy will create jobs
India would like to normalise relationship but Pakistan has to decide whether it wants to
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 17:44 (IST)

New record as Sensex hits 28 000: Here are today s top gainersAll Headlines for these symbols...
All headlines for
AHLEAST.NS , ALICON.NS , ALLSEC-EQ.NS , AMRUTANJA.NS , ANGIND-EQ.NS , ARCHIDPLY.NS , ARIHANT-EQ.NS , ARROWTEX-EQ.NS , BAJAJCORP.NS , BANG.NS , BAYERCROP.NS , BHARATGEA.NS , BODALCHEM-EQ.NS , CARBORUNI.NS , CAREERP.NS , DCMSHRIRAM-EQ.NS , DLF.NS , EIHAHOTEL.NS , ELECTHERM-EQ.NS , FCEL-EQ.NS , FOSECOIND.NS , GHCL.NS , GREENPOWER-EQ.NS , GSCLCEMENT-EQ.NS , HBLPOWER.NS , HEIDELBER.NS , HINDDORROL-EQ.NS , HMT.NS , INDIANCAR.NS , INDRAMEDC.NS , INFRATEL.NS , IPRINGLTD.NS , ISFT.NS , ITI.NS , JBFIND.NS , JINDWORLD.NS , KALYANIFRG-BE.NS , KARMAENG.NS , KCP.NS , KEMROCK-EQ.NS , KNRCON.NS , LOGIXMICRO-EQ.NS , LUMAXAUTO.NS , MAKE-EQ.NS , MALWACOTT-BE.NS , MANAKSIA-BE.NS , MANGALAM-EQ.NS , MANGCHEFE.NS , MONSANTO.NS , NCC.NS , NDTV.NS , NEXTMEDIA-EQ.NS , NILKAMAL.NS , OPTOCIRCU.NS , ORIENTHOT.NS , PANASONIC-BE.NS , PGHH.NS , PIIND.NS , PIPAVAVDO.NS , PIRPHYTO-EQ.NS , PLETHICO.NS , PPAP.NS , PRESSMN-EQ.NS , RADICO.NS , RAMCOSYS.NS , REDINGTON.NS , RKFORGE.NS , RMCL-EQ.NS , SAGCEM.NS , SAHPETRO.NS , SELAN.NS , SFCL-EQ.NS , SHILPI.NS , SHIVTEX.NS , SINTEX.NS , SOMANYCERA-EQ.NS , SQSBFSI-EQ.NS , SRHHYPOLTD-EQ.NS , STARPAPER.NS , SUPRAJIT.NS , SURANAIND.NS , TAINWALCH.NS , TAKE.NS , TANLA.NS , TECPRO.NS , TFCILTD.NS , THANGAMAYL-EQ.NS , THEMISMED-BE.NS , THIRUSUGA.NS , THOMASCOTT-BE.NS , TIDEWATER.NS , TIMETECHN.NS , TV18BRDCS.NS , TVSELECT.NS , USHERAGRO.NS , VIPIND.NS , WELINV.NS , XCHANGING.NS , ZENSARTEC.NS , ZUARIGLOB.NS
Copyright &copy; 2009 Yahoo! All rights reserved.
Quotes for NYSE, Nasdaq and NYSEAmex are Real-time and sourced from Nasdaq Last Sale when available. If not available from NLS, quotes will appear delayed from primary listing source.
See also delay times for other exchanges . All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Real-Time continuous streaming quotes are available through our premium service. You may turn streaming quotes on or off.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data, daily updates, fund summary, fund performance, dividend data and Morningstar Index data provided by Morningstar, Inc.
1186550153
{"yrb_token" : "YFT_MARKET_CLOSED", "tt" : "1417965931", "s" : "", "k" : "a00,a50,b00,b60,c10,g00,h00,l10,p20,t10,v00", "o" : "ahleast.ns,alicon.ns,allsec-eq.ns,amrutanja.ns,angind-eq.ns,archidply.ns,arihant-eq.ns,arrowtex-eq.ns,bajajcorp.ns,bang.ns,bayercrop.ns,bharatgea.ns,bodalchem-eq.ns,carboruni.ns,careerp.ns,dcmshriram-eq.ns,dlf.ns,eihahotel.ns,electherm-eq.ns,fcel-eq.ns,fosecoind.ns,ghcl.ns,greenpower-eq.ns,gsclcement-eq.ns,hblpower.ns,heidelber.ns,hinddorrol-eq.ns,hmt.ns,indiancar.ns,indramedc.ns,infratel.ns,ipringltd.ns,isft.ns,iti.ns,jbfind.ns,jindworld.ns,kalyanifrg-be.ns,karmaeng.ns,kcp.ns,kemrock-eq.ns,knrcon.ns,logixmicro-eq.ns,lumaxauto.ns,make-eq.ns,malwacott-be.ns,manaksia-be.ns,mangalam-eq.ns,mangchefe.ns,monsanto.ns,ncc.ns,ndtv.ns,nextmedia-eq.ns,nilkamal.ns,optocircu.ns,orienthot.ns,panasonic-be.ns,pghh.ns,piind.ns,pipavavdo.ns,pirphyto-eq.ns,plethico.ns,ppap.ns,pressmn-eq.ns,radico.ns,ramcosys.ns,redington.ns,rkforge.ns,rmcl-eq.ns,sagcem.ns,sahpetro.ns,selan.ns,sfcl-eq.ns,shilpi.ns,shivtex.ns,sintex.ns,somanycera-eq.ns,sqsbfsi-eq.ns,srhhypoltd-eq.ns,starpaper.ns,suprajit.ns,suranaind.ns,tainwalch.ns,take.ns,tanla.ns,tecpro.ns,tfciltd.ns,thangamayl-eq.ns,themismed-be.ns,thirusuga.ns,thomascott-be.ns,tidewater.ns,timetechn.ns,tv18brdcs.ns,tvselect.ns,usheragro.ns,vipind.ns,welinv.ns,xchanging.ns,zensartec.ns,zuariglob.ns", "j" : "c63,l84,p43,t53,v53", "version" : "1.0", "market" : {"NAME" : "", "ID" : "in_market", "TZ" : "IST", "TZOFFSET" : "19800", "open" : "", "close" : "", "flags" : {}} , "market_status_yrb" : "YFT_MARKET_CLOSED" , "portfolio" : { "fd" : { "txns" : [ ]},"dd" : "","pc" : "","pcs" : ""}, "STREAMER_SERVER" : "//streamerapi.finance.yahoo.com", "DOC_DOMAIN" : "finance.yahoo.com", "localize" : "0" , "throttleInterval" : "1000" , "arrowAsChangeSign" : "true" , "up_arrow_icon" : "https://s.yimg.com/lq/i/us/fi/03rd/up_g.gif" , "down_arrow_icon" : "https://s.yimg.com/lq/i/us/fi/03rd/down_r.gif" , "up_color" : "green" , "down_color" : "red" , "pass_market_id" : "0" , "mu" : "1" , "lang" : "en-IN" , "region" : "IN" }1

Cairn India tumble as oil prices declineCairn India tumble as oil prices decline
India - Russia to hold 20th India-Russia Inter-Governmental Commission meeting todayIndia - Russia to hold 20th India-Russia Inter-Governmental Commission meeting today
Virgin Galactic to Build Space Tourism Flight Despite Crash  But will it have PaVirgin Galactic to Build Space Tourism Flight Despite Crash  But will it have Pa
IPCA Labs Comes Under USFDA Scanner  Stock Plunges 19%IPCA Labs Comes Under USFDA Scanner  Stock Plunges 19%
GOP Senate Takeover Puts Fed on Hot Seat--UpdateGOP Senate Takeover Puts Fed on Hot Seat--Update
Jindal Steel & Power slips after weak Q2 earningsJindal Steel & Power slips after weak Q2 earnings
Services growth stalls  at 6-month low in OctServices growth stalls  at 6-month low in Oct
Markets hit record highs for fourth consecutive sessionMarkets hit record highs for fourth consecutive session
Karnataka Bank stock flat post Q2 resultsKarnataka Bank stock flat post Q2 results
How Horlicks has avoided getting datedStory
Strong, Stronger, Strongest
Horlicks has learnt to defy age. By successfully launching variants at different points in time, it has strengthened its core brand values, apart from addressing new consumer needs and thus bringing such consumers into its fold.
Shamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande    Edition: May 11, 2014
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY: Brands and products tend to age over the years if not nurtured properly. Horlicks has learnt to defy age. By successfully launching variants at different points in time, it has strengthened its core brand values, apart from addressing new consumer needs and thus bringing such consumers into its fold. This case study looks at how Horlicks has avoided getting dated.
Never more has success of a brand in India been so paradoxical than Horlicks from the GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (GSKCH) stable. Conventional management wisdom will tell you to extract as much as you can from a brand and its variants but to derisk the owner from overdependence on the brand. But Horlicks is a case of repeated success with brand variants making a virtue of GSKCH's dependence on it. "Horlicks is a very powerful brand associated strongly with the milk and health space. This is both its strength and its weakness," says marketing consultant Sunil Alagh.
GSKCH's health food drink (HFD) brands - Horlicks, Boost, Maltova and Viva - account for 58.6 per cent by value and 65.1 per cent by volume of a some Rs 5,000-crore market, per date from market researcher Nielsen for 2013. Horlicks and its variants account for almost half the HFD market by volume. (See Healthy As Ever.) Cadbury India's Bournvita had a share of 17 per cent and Heinz's Complan, 11 per cent.
50% by volume, Horlicks's share of the branded health food drinks market
Now, flip that inwards. The HFD category contributes 77 per cent to GSKCH's revenues of Rs 3,079 crore for calendar 2012. (Results for 2013 have not been announced yet.)
So, really, how has the company fared in fortifying a brand that is 140 years old? Horlicks was locally manufactured in India only since 1958, though it had been available via imports since the early 1900s. It was one of the early starters with aggressive advertising and it pulled in celebrities such as Amitabh Bachchan in the 1970s to endorse its brand over radio.
"But Horlicks remained largely a family drink till the 1990s," says Jayant Singh, Executive Vice President, Marketing, GSKCH. The company then recognised that there was a specific need for toddlers in the one to three years age group and launched Junior Horlicks in 1995. It had made a bid for its first brand line-extension with biscuits in 1992, but that hardly moved the needle for the company. "The market, for various economic and other social conditions, was undergoing several changes and we saw only single-digit growth in our top line," says Singh.
This was a period of turmoil in the consumer products market, as India, after liberalisation, saw the entry of several new brands both from domestic and international players. Bournvita and Complan were seen to be strong contenders in west and northern parts of the country, so was local player Jagatjit Industries with its brand Maltova and Viva in the north. GSKCH acquired Maltova and Viva and effectively prevented competition from opening a new front.
It simultaneously invested in consumer research and aggressive brand strategy. "We would visit homes and the company wanted to listen in to the consumer needs even in the early 1980s,"says Bindu Sethi, Chief Strategy Officer at ad agency JWT. She has been associated with the brand since then, first as part of market research firm IMRB and then when she joined HTA (now JWT) in 1988 as a media planner. "It was this consumer voice that found reflection in the repositioning of Horlicks as a drink targeted at children in 2003, with the 'Epang, Opang, Jhapang' campaign," she says. (Watch the campaign on YouTube at http://bit.ly/epang.)
This was the tipping point. What appeared to be a natural slot for the brand to slip into, actually followed heated debate within the company: Horlicks was a family drink until then, the great "family nourisher". All branding and communication spoke to different family members and how it meant different things to different people, while the new campaign spoke to children directly. "There were worries that it would disengage a loyal adult base," says Charubala Sheshadri, Marketing Director, Wellness (OTC) and Oral Health, GSKCH, who joined the company in 2004 as marketing manager for Horlicks.
This campaign, however, was just the precursor. The company has always viewed Horlicks equity as a bank deposit since. "It has invested at every critical juncture in the brand and its nutrition profile backing it with proof of science," says Sheshadri. In 2003, it offered its newly formulated Horlicks to the National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) at Hyderabad, which conducted research to prove its effect on the growth of children. "We clearly identified three key benefit areas to do with bone health of children, muscle health and their ability to focus better," says Singh. This led to the "Taller, Stronger, Sharper" campaign.
In this, the company tapped into the growing pester power of children who now were key decision makers not only with what they ate, but also other key decisions around the household. There was someone else too, pushing for this change. The company now had a new managing director in Zubair Ahmed in 2007. He inherited a company that had already accelerated into double-digit growth. By then, the company had speeded up its brand variant launches with Horlicks Lite in 2005, aimed at diabetics and Horlicks NutriBar in 2006 (this launch did not work as planned). "We were already a part of the morning menu with milk. Now we are growing in our presence with various extensions and adjacents," says Ahmed.
The company found that women were an ignored segment as there was no specific product addressing their specific need. This led to the launch of Women's Horlicks in 2008, creating a blockbuster product. "It has been growing 60-65 per cent year on year [even if] on a small base," says Singh. But the effect has been that Horlicks Lite combined with Women's Horlicks ensured that the company clocked growth of more than 17 per cent in revenues until 2011. Given that competition was also pumping up volume on the benefit of micronutrients and research-backed offering, in 2012 GSKCH again decided to challenge itself to deliver further on its by-now older promise of "Taller, Stronger, Sharper". Aided by its R&D centre, it formulated a blend of Horlicks that was guided by its earlier study done by NIN. The results showed five clear areas of benefit: more bone area, more muscle, better concentration, more active nutrients, and healthier blood. This led to its launch of the "5 Signs of Growth" positioning and campaign.
GSKCH had its hiccups with its Horlicks extensions. The 2010 launch of Chill Dood, its flavoured milk range, did not take off. Nor did its attempt to launch cream biscuits and noodles, under the brand Horlicks Foodles, in 2009. "I think it has huge potential in the health segment of biscuits with digestive, diabetic, milk, etc. However, in segments like noodles and snacking where taste is supreme, they will find it difficult to compete with the likes of Nestle and ITC," says Alagh, the marketing consultant and former managing director of biscuit maker Britannia Industries.
According to Alagh, GSKCH needs to transform brand Horlicks from "purely health, especially aimed at children, to a tasty but healthy positioning" for all. Therein lies the challenge. Industry insiders say much of the company's success has come from adjacent brand variants such as Horlicks Junior, Women's Horlicks, Horlicks Lite and Mother's Horlicks and not from extensions into biscuits, noodles and, even low-priced HFD variants such as Asha.
Latest extensions like Horlicks ProMind and Horlicks Gold are yet to establish themselves conclusively, though they have shown promising offtake in their test markets in the south. GSKCH thinks successes far outnumber failures. "We are already the second-largest brand in the south after Quaker Oats," points out Singh. GSKCH is certainly on a fast track. According to the Ace Equity database, Horlicks and its brand variants have helped the company accelerate its revenues and profits in the last five years (till December 2012) to 19.2 per cent and 23.4 per cent, respectively, against 13.1 and 20.8 per cent in the preceding five years. Taller, Stronger, Sharper, indeed.
Stretching into categories in the immediate neighbourhood of the mother brand may be easier than stretching into distant ones: Y.L.R. Moorthi, Professor (Marketing), IIM Bangalore
 'Extensions have so far been a mixed bag for Horlicks'
The core Horlicks brand is successful. It lays claim to more than half the white-malted beverages market. Therefore, increasing market share substantially might be difficult. But Horlicks has been steadily introducing line and brand extensions to keep itself relevant. Generally, when the market share of a brand is very high, it gets strongly identified with the parent category and, therefore, gets difficult to stretch. This has been seen in strong brands such as Colgate, Nirma, Ponds and Lifebuoy. (This is the paradox of brand extensions: weak parents are difficult to stretch; ironically, so are very strong parents.)
So, stretching the Horlicks brand may not be easy. But stretching into categories in the immediate neighbourhood might be easier than stretching into distant ones. Horlicks may find it easier to stretch into variants (Junior Horlicks, Mother's Horlicks, etc). Extensions beyond that into categories like biscuits might prove to be more difficult given the brand's equity. The question even for variants is whether a "kids" brand can be extended to "adults". However, that is still easy to argue because the extensions are also malted beverages.
But once a "malted beverage" wants to extend to "food" (biscuit/noodles), that needs more careful negotiation. Horlicks biscuits, for instance, have been available for years now. However, their contribution to the company's kitty has been small. Horlicks oats claim better traction. But this category, too, sees stiff competition from Indian and multinational brands. Meanwhile, several of Horlicks extensions like NutriBar, Chill Dood and flavoured milk have been wound down. Extensions have so far been a mixed bag for Horlicks. They have miles to go before they become family silver like their parent.
Y.L.R. Moorthi, Professor (Marketing), IIM Bangalore
Questions about GSKCH's future arise only due to its overwhelming dependence on Horlicks in its core areas: Arun Hegde, Former MD, Wrigley India
'Juxtaposition of the sublime and the ridiculous'
Horlicks offers a fascinating view of what to do and what not to do, when it comes to brand extensions. On this front, the evolution of Horlicks is replete with ideas of dos and don'ts. In fact, one also sees a juxtaposition of the sublime and the ridiculous.
What has Horlicks done right? Clearly, the strategy of attacking itself, in core Horlicks territory, before someone else does, has worked to keep it ahead. Identi-fying, creating and fasttracking sub-segments have ensured that it has left no obvious gaps for other players to exploit. Full marks here definitely.
What has it not done right? Overextension of the brand - with Noodles and Cereal Bars - into completely unrelated categories has made it pay, both in terms of wasted effort and long-term dilution of the mother brand. And one really wonders why, given that the success of Boost and the failure of Chocolate Horlicks (its first attempt to take Horlicks into a seemingly similar but actually different consumer space) should have taught it a valuable lesson. It has also not been successful in finding ways to make Horlicks a more mainstream product in the north and west of the country. One can only presume that these misses were driven by some arrogance and a reluctance to invest and take a hit on profitability.
On biscuits and oats, too, I have my doubts for the same reasons.
In the final analysis, GSKCH is a very successful company and Horlicks is one of the strongest brands in the food and beverage business. Questions about its future arise only due to its overwhelming dependence on Horlicks in its core areas. This makes one critical of some of its actions that have not been thought through.
Arun Hegde, Former MD, Wrigley India

Rate cut by RBI imminent says Royal Bank of ScotlandNew Delhi, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 17:13 IST
Rate cut by RBI imminent says Royal Bank of Scotland
PTI
money and monetary policy
The Royal Bank of Scotland on Monday said the economic indicators like softening of inflation suggests that key interest rates could be slashed sooner than later by the Reserve Bank of India.
Reserve Bank had kept the key interest rates unchanged while unveiling its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement for 2014-15 on September 30.
“I think the RBI is a very fine institution and it is their job to take a call on monetary policy, rate cut and inflation...but the indicators seem to suggest that rate cut would be sooner rather than later,” the RBS’s Country Executive Brijesh Mehra told reporters in Delhi.
The inflation measured in terms of Wholesale Price Index (WPI) touched a five-year low of 2.38 per cent in September.
Besides, retail inflation has also dropped to 6.46 per cent, the lowest since the new series of Consumer Price Index was released in January 2012.
The experts think that the slight tinkering in the key interest rate by RBI in its next bimonthly policy statement scheduled on December 2 will help in perking up economic growth as well as lowering the burden of home and other loan instalments.

White Noise  For Your Nose Cancels Out Nasty Odorsreddit
Scientists have high hopes for "white noise" for the nose.
It turns out that two researchers have found the mathematical formula to create an olfactory equivalent of "white noise," which they say could be used to cancel out any pungent odors you may want to get rid of.
"This is different than traditional approaches to odor cancellation," Dr. Lav R. Varshney, one of the researchers, who is an assistant professor in engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , told The Huffington Post in an email. "Instead we take advantage of the perceptual properties of human olfaction to ensure what is perceived is this white smell."
How does this work exactly?
Lav and his brother Dr. Kush Varshney , a researcher at the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center in New York, found that the chemical compounds in any smell you're able to detect have an opposing set of odor compounds -- such that when the two sets are mixed together, they cancel each other out.
The Varshneys put together a database of scents, matching odor compounds with ratings of various smell properties. Then they built a model that uses the database to take a scent you want to eliminate, and find its compounds with opposite smell ratings.
Using this model, the Varshneys showed that a blend of 38 compounds could almost completely cancel out the particularly pungent odors of onion, sauerkraut, Japanese fermented tuna and durian fruit, New Scientist reported.
"There is a percept called 'olfactory white,'" Lav said in the email, "which occurs when the odor compounds being perceived are well-distributed across the stimulus space, similar to how mixing light of many colors is perceived as white.  If we can sense which malodor compounds are present, we can use mathematical techniques to figure out which other compounds to add, so that the total percept is this 'olfactory white.'"
Indeed, researchers discovered the smell dubbed "olfactory white" in 2012. And, as Lav explained, just as white noise is a mixture of many different sound frequencies and white light is a mixture of different wavelengths, olfactory white is a mixture of different smelly compounds.
Now, the Varshney brothers envision many ways in which their newfound method to hack "olfactory white" may be used in the future.
"One application of the work is improving the indoor air quality in buildings, cars, planes, etc. by canceling malodors that are present," Lav said in the email. "Another application is to transform nutritious food that picky eaters find aversive into something they find flavorful, by adding other potentially nutritious additives (since smell is the central contributor to human flavor perception). One can even consider creating 'smelltracks' for virtual reality, similar to soundtracks for movies."
The list goes on.
This new research was published online in the arXiv preprint repository .
Also on HuffPost:

Air pollution lowers crop yield: studyThere is substantial variation across States in the relative impacts produced by climatic factors and air pollution on crop yields. File Photo: K.K. Mustafah
TOPICS
environmental issues
Much of the drop in yield came from air pollution caused by fine particles like soot as well as ozone generated by sunlight acting on emissions of precursor molecules.
India’s food grain production is facing a double whammy, with heightened air pollution adding to the impact of climate change on crop yields, according to a recent study.
“Our statistical model suggests that, averaged over India, yields in 2010 were up to 36% lower for wheat than they otherwise would have been, absent climate and pollutant emissions trends, with some densely populated States experiencing 50% relative yield losses,” observed Jennifer Burney of the University of California at San Diego in the U.S. and V. Ramanathan of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, also in San Diego, in a paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
They found that much of the drop in yield came from air pollution caused by fine particles like soot as well as ozone generated by sunlight acting on emissions of precursor molecules.
There was substantial variation across States in the relative impacts produced by climatic factors and air pollution on crop yields.
In Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand, wheat yields were about half of what they otherwise could have been, with air pollution responsible over two-thirds of the drop. Wheat yields in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Bihar and Jharkhand too had been greatly reduced by air pollutants, according to the paper.
However, there was little or no impact from either a changing climate or pollution on wheat yields in Punjab or Haryana, although their rice yields had been affected. Rice yields have been lowered in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal by 15 per cent or more.
“Cleaning up the air could have very positive benefits for agriculture and food security in India (along with all the other benefits of better air quality),” remarked Dr. Burney in an email. Improved cook stoves along with better control over emissions from the transportation sector and in electricity generation would reduce levels of soot in the air as well as of ozone’s precursor compounds.
The results published in the paper had been obtained by using crop and pollutant emissions models, noted J. Srinivasan, who heads the Divecha Centre for Climate Change at the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore.

Gold Prices at 4-Year Lows: Should You Buy NowGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Gold prices have dropped to 26,350 levels in India - the lowest in nearly four years. And some analysts say that gold prices could be heading even lower. A weak trend in global markets, strong US economic data and a stronger dollar have been cited for their weak outlook on the precious metal.
Here is why analysts expect gold prices to fall:
Dollar's rise against major currencies: The rise of the greenback has been one of the big factors behind the plunge in global gold prices. The gains in the greenback negatively impact the price of commodities priced in dollars such as gold, silver and oil. Since gold is a dollar-denominated commodity, it becomes more expensive for buyers in other currencies to purchase the yellow metal when the greenback gains. This tends to impact gold demand.
The dollar's price, as measured by a basket of six major world currencies, is at four-year high levels of 86. Analysts expect the dollar to rise even further as the European Central Bank is expected to announce some form of quantitative easing programme in the near future to perk up the growth in the Eurozone. Gautam Shah, senior vice president at JM Financial Services, expects the dollar index to rise to 92 levels. Recently, the Bank of Japan announced a surprising stimulus programme which sent the dollar to seven-year highs against the Japanese currency yen.
Rupee's resilience: The cost of gold in India is linked to the value of the rupee against dollar as most of the gold requirement is imported. Though the dollar has gained significantly against other major currencies, the Indian rupee has shown remarkable resilience. The rupee has held on to the 61/dollar level despite a lot of turmoil in the global currency markets last month. HSBC Global Research expects the rupee to remain stable in 2015, boosted by narrowing twin deficits - fiscal and current account - and lower inflation.
"We expect the gold prices to remain bearish and if the rupee continues to rule at current level the yellow metal may touch Rs 24,500 level by December," Motilal Oswal associate vice president for commodities Kishore Narne said. Echoing similar views, Commtrendz Research director Gnanasekar Thiagarajan said the prices are expected to be around Rs 25,000-25,500 by December if the rupee continues at the current 61 levels. ( Read more )
Weak global prices: In global commodity markets, gold was trading near its lowest since 2010, at $1,168 an ounce. With gold breaking the critical support levels of $1,180, there could be more downside to its prices, said Vikas Vaid, product head of commodity and currency at Prabhudas Lilladher. He expects gold to consolidate at $1,125 levels.
Strong US economic data: The recent string of strong US economic data has also dulled gold's appeal as a hedge against risk. The Federal Reserve in its recent assessment voiced optimism about the US economy while ending its stimulus programme, called QE3. The upbeat assessment of the US economy has also contributed to the dollar's rise.
Expectations of an interest rate hike in the US by mid-next year, the improving US economy, bearish trend in crude price, stable geo-political issues and strengthening US dollar will put pressure on gold prices in the mid-term, said Naveen Mathur, associate director-commodities and currencies at Angel Broking.
India gold demand: Though gold sales in India boost this festive season due to lower prices, analysts don't expect a substantial pick-up in demand at current prices. "Demand is not increasing. Normal demand is there, but the reduction in prices has not induced any fresh buying," said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation. Harmesh Arora, a partner at National India Bullion Refinery, said investors were cautious, thinking prices will fall further. "There is now uncertainty in the market, and consumers are waiting for price stability," he added.
"Gold demand could pick up if prices fall by Rs 1,000 from current levels," said Mr Vaid of Prabhudas Lilladher.
(With Agency Inputs)
Disclaimer: "Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information."
 

Proof of life certificate: Govt plans digital verification to ease pensioners  woesITO metro station to be opened to commuters early next year
Millions of retired people could soon be spared the trouble of travelling to banks and post offices to prove they are alive to claim pensions. The government is working on a scheme for digital verification of pensioners.
“We are developing the means to allow pensioners to prove they are alive by a combination of Aadhaar numbers allied to a software tool that can be used from anywhere”, RS Sharma, secretary, department of information technology, told The Indian Express.
Current rules mandate that any person who draws a pension from her employer has to submit a proof every year that she is alive. While there are several alternative form of certificates that banks and post offices accept (11 types for government pension), in all cases they have to be presented by the person who draws the pension to the office from where the monthly payment is made. This applies for spouse to draw family pension, too. The few exceptions are for certified cases of ill health or permanent disability but here too the onus is on the disbursing agency to assure the person is alive.
This is also one of the reasons why government departments wed their pensioners to a single branch of a bank or a post office as the verification records are maintained by that office in physical documents. In February 2013 the department of expenditure relaxed the rules to allow pensioners to hand over their certificates to any branch of the bank which handles her pension account.
Once the alternative system is in place, it is expected to be extended to the pension market for unorganised sector in India too. Gautam Bhardwaj, managing director, Invest India Micro Pension Services agreed that pension companies in this sector would need this support. “They have not worked out anything so far, but an Aadhaar based application would be essential, I expect”, he said.
The new system will be a joint effort of the finance ministry and the department of information technology. It will allow people to seed their pension accounts with Aadhaar numbers and on top of that build in an additional level of verification using a touch application to demonstrate the person is alive.
Sharma said the scheme has been flagged with the Prime Minister’s Office.
The size of the pension market is expanding fast in India. A Ficci-KPMG report has estimated the potential size of the pension market in India to close to Rs 4,00,000 crore by 2025.
TAGS: Pensioner Proof Of Life
More from economy

Daredevil Nik Wallenda completes death-defying tightrope walk in Chicagopicture  others
Daredevil Nik Wallenda completes death-defying tightrope walk in Chicago
Nik Wallenda had the world amazed as he made back-to-back walks, blindfolded on a tightrope between Chicago towers on Sunday, November 2. (Source: AP)
The daredevil walked the rope without a safety net or a harness, performing one of them blindfolded, as a crowd gasped and cheered. (Source: AP)
Nik Wallenda took about about six and a half minutes to walk the 454-foot (138-meter) stretch from the Marina City west tower to the top of a building on the other side of the river. (Source: AP)
Nik walks along a tightrope between two skyscrapers suspended 500 feet  (152.4 meters) above the Chicago River in Chicago, Illinois. (Source: Reuters)
The performer begins his walk on a tightrope uphill at a 15-degree angle from the Marina City west tower across the Chicago River to the top of the Leo Burnett Building in Chicago. (Source: AP)
The daredevil looked like a speck as he made his walk against the skyline of the windy city. (Source: Reuters)
People gather in the towers to get a good look of the amazing feat. (Source: AP)
A photographer captures Nik Wallenda performing the tightrope walk at a 15-degree angle from the Marina City west tower across the Chicago River to the top of the Leo Burnett Building in Chicago. (Source: AP)
“I love Chicago, and Chicago definitely loves me," said Wallenda. (Source: AP)
Nik Wallenda also undertook blindfolded — a 94-foot (28-meter) walk between the two Marina City towers, which he made in little more than a minute. (Source: AP)
The crowd looks on with amazement as they cheer Nik Wallendo. (Source: Reuters)
The daredevil waves to the crowd after completing his blindfolded walk along a tightrope between two skyscrapers suspended 500 feet  (152.4 meters) above the Chicago River in Chicago. (Source: Reuters)
Nik Wallendo celebrates as he successfully completes his first tight-rope walk that evening. (Source: Reuters)
Related

Brand Value: Only SRK  Ranbir in $100 million clubAmericanAppraisal
(MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli…)
NEW DELHI: Bollywood A-listers Shah Rukh Khan and Ranbir Kapoor emerged the only two celebrities in the country with more than $100-million valuation in the first ever celebrity brand valuation study in India.
Cricketers MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli took the next two positions, though well below Khan and Kapoor, according to valuation done by US consultancy firm American Appraisal.
The total value of the top 15 celebrity brands in India is over $820 million, or about Rs 5,025 crore, said the study that calculated celebrities' brand valuation based on the individual's reputation, credibility and ability to generate income from endorsements, as well as the adjusted average annual endorsement revenue they earned after deducting relevant costs including taxes.
The top 15 celebrities in 2013-14 generated over Rs 1,100 crore in endorsement fees, which accounted for close to 50% of their annual income, the report said.
"We found that brand value changed dramatically based on performance and delivery in the celebrity's area of core competence. A string of failures impacts celebrity value very rapidly," American Appraisal India MD Varun Gupta said.
This means that Dhoni's lean patch on the cricket field may have taken a toll on his brand valuation. The Indian cricket captain's brand valuation at $72 million, or Rs 441 crore, is less than half of table topper Shah Rukh Khan's. Riding on more than 10 top-notch endorsements including Hyundai , Nerolac Paints and Royal Stag, SRK has a brand valuation of $165 million, or a little over Rs 1,000 crore. (See table)
Founded back in 1896 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, American Appraisal specialises in valuation. The company entered Indian six years ago and did a brand valuation of the Indian Premier League, or IPL, this year.
Only three women — actresses Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif and Kareena Kapoor — figure in the top 10 list of the American Appraisal report, which said the average endorsement fee for a one-year contract for female A-listers at about Rs 5.5 crore is almost half of their male counterparts' Rs 10.5-crore average annual fee. Top cricketers on an average get approximately Rs 8 crore as endorsement fee.
"This remains a very male-driven industry and actors get paid significantly more," said Anirban Das Blah, founder of talent management firm Kwan, which represents Ranbir Kapoor. "This is something we are not comfortable with. Hopefully things will change," he added.
Times Celebex, a monthly rating index of Bollywood stars based on box office performance, endorsements and popularity on social media, among other parameters, ranked Salman Khan at the top for the month of September, followed by Hrithik Roshan. Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone are the top rankers among women. Salman Khan anchors popular reality television show Bigg Boss and endorses seven highly advertised brands.
In American Appraisal's report, cricketer Virat Kohli has bettered superstars such as Salman Khan, Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan.
But only three sportsmen - all cricketers -- made it to the top 15 league, while globally big sports stars like David Beckham, Lionel Messi and Roger Federer rule the endorsements space ahead of big Hollywood stars. "Movie stars are probably a more stable source of celebrity value, with higher longevity," Gupta said.
Analysts said Indian celebrities have yet to catch up with their western counterparts.
"Most global celebrities have ownership of scalable brands - whether it's Beckham or Messi or Angelina Jolie. Here, we are still evolving and hopefully will get there soon," said Afsar Zaidi, founder and MD at Exceed Entertainment, which represents Hrithik Roshan.
He said at least two brands created by celebrities — HRX apparel by Hrithik Roshan and Salman Khan's Being Human — had global scale potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti launches new Alto K10 at a starting price of Rs 3.06 lakhMaruti launches new Alto K10 at a starting price of Rs 3.06 lakh
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 3 Nov, 2014, 02.37PM IST
The new Alto K10 sports a completely new look. The interiors of the new K10 have seen a dramatic transformation as well. The dashboard is all new.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki India, country's largest carmaker on Monday launched a new version of its Alto K10 hatchback. The new Alto K10 has been priced between Rs 3.06 lakh to Rs 3.82 lakh.
The new version of the hatchback will come in six versions; Rs 3.06 lakh for LX, Rs 3.22 lakh for LXi, Rs 3.38 lakh for VXi, Rs 3.57 lakh for VXi (O), Rs 3.8 lakh for VXi Automatic and Rs 3.82 lakh for LXi CNG.
"The new Alto K10 sports a completely new look. It still shares it doors and roof with the 800 version but the rest of the panels - the bonnet, the front fenders, the tail gate and even the bumpers are unique to the K10. It has larger, more contemporary looking head lamps; a more aggressive air dam design; and it sits on larger 13 inch wheels," said Zigwheels.com in a review.
"The interiors of the new K10 have seen a dramatic transformation as well. The dashboard is all new. And its dual tone finish, the gloss black centre console and the matte silver highlights almost everywhere like on the steering, the audio buttons, door handles and even the armrest, give it both an airier and richer feel. The design looks appealing too," the review added.
While the petrol version delivers a mileage of 24.07 km per litre, the CNG variant will have a fuel economy of 32.26 km per kg.
"Alto K10 is the third Maruti Suzuki car within few weeks where our suppliers and engineers have improved the fuel efficiency substantially," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Managing Director and CEO Kenichi Ayukawa said.
Maruti is positioning the new car as a mass market product equipped with 'futuristic technology' to cater to "very demanding, value for money conscious customers".
It has been developed at a cost of Rs 200 crore on the existing platform of the model by its engineers along with counterparts at parent Suzuki Motor Corp in Japan.
After the Celerio, the Alto K10 will be the second model to be equipped with auto gear shift (ASG) feature.
The new Alto K10 is coming at a time when MSI's sales in the mini segment comprising Alto and WagonR witnessed 1.3 per cent decline in the April-September period this fiscal at 2,01,721 units as against 2,04,335 units in the year-ago period. In September 2014 it stood at 35,547 units as against 41,061 in the same month last year, down 13.4 per cent.
Launched in 2010, the Alto K10 has clocked cumulative sales of 4.3 lakh units in four years. The Alto brand overall, including the Alto 800, has sold 26 lakh units in 14 years since launch.
(With inputs from PTI)

Wind energy to attract 20K cr investmentsWind energy sector in India expected to attract Rs 20,000 crore of investments
Anindya Upadhyay, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.31AM IST
Tags:
accelerated depreciation
(Accelerated depreciation…)
NEW DELHI: India's sluggish wind energy market is set for a revival following the restoration of a depreciation incentive, which is expected to attract about Rs 20,000 crore of investments next year as companies across sectors add 3,000 MW of capacity powered by this renewable source of energy.
The reintroduction of accelerated depreciation (AD), which was withdrawn in 2012, is poised to support equipment manufacturers, including Suzlon Energy Ltd, the country's largest wind turbine maker, which received 150 MW of orders soon after the benefit was brought back.
"Investment of Rs 20,000 crore is expected in the next fiscal year, with 70% coming as debt. Rs 5,000-6,000 crore can come from equity. Keeping the potential of wind energy in mind, it's still not big money," Chintan Shah, President (Strategic Business Development) at Suzlon, told ET.
Accelerated depreciation allows a higher level of an asset's value to be written off in the first few years, reducing taxable income. The government proposed reintroducing the benefit in July. Wind power accounts for the biggest chunk of India's renewable energy capacity. Reinstatement of AD makes wind energy attractive for captive use by companies and some even want to hive it off as a separate business unit due to stable long-term returns.
"We've been investing in wind energy since 2006 and stopped during 2013-14 when AD was withdrawn. Back in 2006, investment in wind was a taxsaving tool but that's no more the case. We're hiving it off into a separate business vertical," said Sharad Saluja, Director, Sterling Agro Industries, the maker of Nova dairy products.
The company, which has plants in Haryana, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, plans to add 20-30 mw each year until 2017, investing about Rs 300 crore, with 13 megawatts already under commissioning, Saluja said. Ayurvedic pharmaceutical firm Shree Baidyanath Ayurved Bhawan is setting up an independent power unit to harness wind power. "We're investing close to Rs 450 crore towards the addition of 75 MW of wind energy this year. In the long term, we'd like to scale it up to 500 MW," Baidyanath MD Pranav Sharma told ET. Global consultancy firm KPMG is advising the company for the setting up of Baidyanath Private Power Ltd.
Cement behemoth Holcim Group , which owns ACC and Ambuja Cements , plans to invest Rs 120 crore to add 20 MW of wind power to its existing 26.5 MW, which is the combined capacity of both units. Small and medium enterprises, Surat-based zari exporter Sumilon Industries, like are equally enthused and hope to become more efficient by using cheaper clean power.
Surat-based zari exporter Sumilon Industries, which meets half of its energy needs through wind power, plans to add 4.2 MW over the next two years to its existing 7.4 MW capacity.
"We plan to be a green company in the next five years. Since windmills are expensive, without AD, wind energy is not viable," said Sumilon Industries Director Nikunj Jariwala.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Power shortfall comparatively lower in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Power shortfall in India comparatively lower despite paucity of coal
ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.25AM IST
Tags:
India
(Officials of NTPC, India’s…)
KOLKATA: Power shortage in India remained lower last week than during the corresponding period in previous years even as six out of 10 thermal power plants were running with coal stocks adequate for less than a week. Officials said this must have happened as utilities did not properly report demand or the plants generated additional power only during the peak period when the demand surged.
According to data provided by the National Load Despatch Centre , peak power shortage hovered between 3,000 mw and 4,500 mw last week, lower than in previous years, when coal stocks in 60 power plants were not sufficient for even seven days while 30 had stocks that would not last more than four days. Power plants had coal stocks to last just six days on average.
Yet, as many as 23 states reported near zero power supply shortfall. The only state that reported substantial shortfall was Uttar Pradesh, which witnessed a shortage of 2,570 mw on Saturday. Total shortfall on that day was 4,434 mw in the state.
Officials of NTPC , India's largest power producer, said they were forced to reduce capacity utilisation of a large number of generating units even as some of the units were shut due to unavailability of coal.
According to a senior official involved in managing power flow in the country, the data which is reported is provided by the power utilities that supply electricity to consumers in their licensed areas. On paper, the evening peak period is the time between 8 pm and 8.30 pm when demand touches its highest during a day.
However, according to the official, the peak period really starts around 6.30-7 pm and continues till midnight every day, the time during which consumers turn their air-conditioners on after returning from work.
Another senior official from Delhi power department said supply shortage is difficult to measure and added that the data showing no supply shortage during peak period could be due to two reasons.
"The utilities may be buying extra power to meet the entire demand just during the official peak period of 8 pm to 8.30 pm. Alternatively, they may have decided not to meet a certain volume of demand entirely.
This volume, which is not being met, is therefore not being considered demand during the peak period although consumers are forced to live in dark," said the official, requesting anonymity.
A third official from a power utility explained that measuring power demand can be highly subjective. During a heavy storm, power demand theoretically dwindles simply because the consumers are not in a position to draw the power. At the plant, however, demand may be less because utilities in many states did not buy sufficient power to meet the demand.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress  BJP similar on Jammu and KashmirYou are here: Home > Collections > Hindutva
Congress, BJP similar on Jammu and Kashmir, says People’s Democratic Party chief Mehbooba Mufti
Masood Hussain, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 05.05AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Every Kashmiri is a stake…)
People's Democratic Party chief Mehbooba Mufti talks about her party's prospects in an interview to Masood Hussain. Excerpts:
How does PDP plan to rebuild the city, if you attain power?
We have suggested to include Srinagar in the Rs 7,000 crore smart cities plan. We also want inclusion of Srinagar in the urban renewal mission. We plan to create Greater Jammu and Greater Srinagar and address peripheral towns so that people will not need to migrate to cities. We also want to immediately restore water ways. We are considering river basin model for development. We want to rebuild Naya Kashmir of which Ladakh and Jammu would be inseparable parts.
Is PDP's autonomy demand irrelevant now?
We believe autonomy is the only way out for J&K's growth. We want all pre-Partition routes opened. A working group that the PM constituted had demanded opening of all those routes. Another working group has upheld our idea that J&K should have a joint mechanism between either side of the LoC to manage resources jointly, including ecology, tourism and trade.
What is PDP's main plank now?
Every Kashmiri is a stake holder. We want to be facilitators for resolution by creating an atmosphere for reconciliation and dialogue and we do not want to be obstacles. We attempted it last time and that led to the restoration of talks with Pakistan and Hurriyat. Unfortunately that process stopped later.
What do you think are the differences between BJP and Congress?
When it comes to Kashmir, there is not much difference. We had an excellent relationship with Atal Bihari Vajpayee because he took bold initiatives. When BJP was is in opposition Congress failed to tell the country that PDP-Congress coalition had performed excellently. They were always defensive. Vajpayee took initiatives during the peak of militancy. It was not about BJP, it was about Vajpayee. His initiatives were carried forward by Manmohan Singh but things changed later.
What is the difference between Vajpayee and Modi governments?
Modi has not come to power on the slogan of Hindutva . Development continues to be his major plank. So it is a huge opportunity for him to see if he can take India out of Hindu versus Muslim, Congress versus BJP, secular versus communal and caste and colour politics. But some members of his party have raked up issues like 'love jihad' and other things. I think he needs to take care of these.
Was development agenda the reason PDP supposedly offered tactical support to BJP in LS polls?
This is untrue. I believe NC and Congress had nothing to tell the people. While we talked about what we did when we were in power, the CM told the people not to vote for PDP because 'we are with BJP'. This was despite the fact Omar Abdullah was a minister in NDA government . We were not fighting Modi here. We were fighting NC. So why would we make Modi a poll issue?
What about BJP's charge of family rule in J&K?
My family cannot be compared with the Abdullahs. My father has struggled really hard throughout his life and was not handed over the crown as was the case with Dr Farooq. In the 60s, NC was keen to join Pakistan but my father fought really hard even though it was considered anti-Islam. What he achieved was on his own terms after a long struggle. He is a self-made person. Even Sheikh (Mohammad Abdullah) Sahab was a self made person but not his son and grandson. I joined politics when nobody was interested in it. I have been struggling and continue to be a struggler.
Is there is a possibility of a PDP-BJP government?
I do not think there is a possibility for us to have an alliance with BJP. Why should we even think about it at this point of time? Even after forming the government, we still would require a working relationship with the central government. All states, especially J&K, need the central government and this time we have a special reason, to rebuild a flood devastated state.
Who is your principal opponent?
At this point of time, we are fighting to form the government and in this NC and Congress will act as spoilers. They can take a seat here and there which will decrease our numbers. But that will not stop us from forming the government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pharma could soon be Indias next IT sector: Shiv PuriAvatar
("It’s the cheapest way…)
Foreign institutional investor (FII) inflows will be higher next year as interest rate hikes in the US are likely to be slow, said Shiv Puri, managing director of TVF Capital Management , which advises assets worth $300 million. In an interview with Nishanth Vasudevan, Puri, who is based in Singapore , said high quality mid-cap companies such as Kotak Mahindra Bank, Pidilite, Mico Bosch, Tech Mahindra and Lupin could outperform in the next 12 months. Excerpts:
In your interactions with institutional clients overseas, what is the sense that you are getting about their outlook for India?
India is getting mindshare again and that is usually a leading indicator for inflows. This year, FII equity inflows have been around $13 billion versus $24 billion last year, so the optimistic outlook has not yet translated into inflows. The institutional clients invested in public markets in India today are more sophisticated, experienced and of higher quality. They realise that you cannot paint all emerging markets with the same brush. Despite the disappointment in the country's growth rate over the last few years, India is moving decisively in a new direction and staring at a powerful combination of a cyclical and structural upturn. The decline in oil prices and commodity prices is a huge benefit to India. There is a real chance that after a long time we can be close to current-account neutral. Warren Buffet says you can't drive a car by looking in the rear view mirror. I think the foreign institutional investors realise this and, I believe, inflows next year will be higher than this year. There will likely be a significant opportunity cost in waiting for all the evidence to come in over the next 2-3 years.
Will foreign portfolio flows into India be impacted with the Fed set to increase interest rates?
If it does, it will be short-lived. The average spread of the Indian 10-year government bond over its US counterpart prior to the crisis was roughly 3.5 per cent. Today that spread is 6 per cent. So if US rates rise, which is likely to be slow anyway, I don't think it impacts flows materially. There are very few countries in the world where there is some decent growth and where the equity markets have many quality companies and some depth. If one looks around the world today, it pretty much boils down to the US and India. The bigger concern for foreign flows will likely be a geopolitical event or deflation in Europe or a hard landing in China or debt problem in Japan. Any major event there can impact flows for a slightly longer period but that too will likely be temporary.
Is there scope for valuation expansion even after the recent rally?
The markets are reasonably valued at around 15-16 times forward earnings and in line with historical averages. But the opportunity is in bottom-up fundamental stock selection. In the short term, the market looks fairly valued. But if real GDP growth is roughly 6-7 per cent annually and nominal GDP growth is roughly 12 per cent annually, then many companies will grow revenues in the 15-17 per cent range. Now, if revenue is growing at 15-17 per cent and we are clearly at the start of the upturn of the business cycle, then we have to get operating leverage. Earnings can grow in the 20-25 per cent range over the next 3-4 years. If that happens, the markets can double without assuming any multiple expansion. Having said that, the rising tide will not lift all boats and one has to be very selective on sectors and companies.
Which sectors would you bet on?
We focus on bottom-up opportunities but if you ask me on top-down areas, I think financial services , especially the private sector companies, have just a huge, huge runway ahead of it. It's the cheapest way to play consumer in India and the best way to capitalise on corporate growth. I think pharma may well become the next IT services in India. Auto component companies, especially, those that dominate a sub category are great businesses. The consumer sector has selective niches that are very attractive.
Which are the five stocks that would be outperformers over the next 12 months?
The best opportunities reside in high quality mid-cap companies that have pricing power, healthy growth and where the longevity of the growth in earnings is misunderstood. These companies can become compounding machines and can compound capital at healthy rates over a long time. Some examples today would be Kotak Mahindra Bank, Pidilite, Mico Bosch, Tech Mahindra and Lupin. I also think companies like SKS Microfinance and MCX that have re-emerged in a new avatar look very interesting because they now have strong and capable management teams, little or no competition and a still a big market opportunity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money probe leads to big account inheritanceYou are here: Home > Collections > Hsbc
Large-scale account inheritance emerges in black money probe
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 03.32PM IST
(Exact number of such accounts…)
NEW DELHI/BERNE: Accounts inherited from family members as also from previously-constituted trusts or companies have come to the fore in a big way, as India seeks further details from Switzerland about those suspected to have 'unaccounted' wealth parked in the Swiss banks.
Hundreds of individuals and entities, including 627 names mentioned in a list submitted by the government to the Supreme Court, are facing probe for allegedly having black money in foreign banks including in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank.
While Switzerland has agreed to provide 'prompt' assistance to India and reply to information requests in a time-bound manner, the Indian authorities are conducting their own probes before approaching the Swiss government.
The due diligence of names accessed by Indian government through various sources, including the so-called HSBC list shared by the French government, has found that many such accounts have been "inherited" by their current owners from their parents, other family members or now-defunct trusts and companies that were set up years ago.
While the exact number of such accounts could not be ascertained, sources said that there are "quite a few" such accounts on which India is seeking further details from the Swiss authorities.
Switzerland, long accused of being a safe haven for illicit funds, last month promised to extend all necessary assistance to India and reply to requests for information in a "time-bound" manner, or at least provide a reason for denial.
Explaining the treaty provisions about disclosure of such 'secret' information, a Swiss Finance Ministry spokesperson recently told PTI from Berne that authorities from the two countries are having "regular contacts on bilateral tax matters", but refused to comment on particular cases citing 'confidentiality' clause of the Swiss-India tax treaty.
The government last week gave to the Supreme Court a list of 627 Indians with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank, on which probe for suspected black money is underway.
While this list was given in 'sealed envelopes', three other names were made public a day earlier as prosecution had been launched against those persons.
There has been a debate on whether disclosure of names, without prosecution, could violate tax treaties under which these names and other details are shared by foreign countries.
The exchange of information on tax matters between India and Switzerland is based on the double taxation agreement (DTA) and the protocol that was signed in 2010 between the two countries. It has been in force since October 2011.
This agreement is in line with international standards and provides for exchange of information on request.
The list of 627 persons with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank was received by India from the French government, while it had earlier got another list of Indians with suspected black money accounts from Germany.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi registers highest year-on-year growth in Internet usersNew system allows computers to teach by example
While Mumbai, with 16.4 million Internet users, tops the online penetration in India, Delhi has registered the highest year-on-year growth in users, shows the IAMAI-IMRB I-Cube 2014 Findings.
Delhi has the second largest number of internet users at 12.15 million, followed by Kolkata at 6.27 million. Kolkata has overtaken Bangalore (5.99 million) and Chennai (5.58 million) to come to third slot.
In 2013, Mumbai had 12 million internet users, while Delhi had 8.1 million.
Delhi registered With 50 per cent y-o-y growth, while Mumbai followed with 37 per cent, and Bangalore with 36 per cent.
Hyderabad and Pune, with a growth of 34 per cent each are at fourth while Kolkata and Ahmedabad with 33 per cent each are at fifth position. Chennai with 24 per cent  has registered the lowest growth rate among the top eight cities.
Overall, the top four metros have a 23 per cent penetration of Internet Users in India. The other four Metros have 11 per cent.
Among the smaller metros with a population of more than 1 million, Surat, Jaipur, Lucknow, Vadodara and Nagpur are the top five cities with highest number of internet users.
TAGS: Internet Internet Users Top Internet User
More from industry

Delhi registers highest growth in Internet usersNew system allows computers to teach by example
While Mumbai, with 16.4 million Internet users, tops the online penetration in India, Delhi has registered the highest year-on-year growth in users, shows the IAMAI-IMRB I-Cube 2014 Findings.
Delhi has the second largest number of internet users at 12.15 million, followed by Kolkata at 6.27 million. Kolkata has overtaken Bangalore (5.99 million) and Chennai (5.58 million) to come to third slot.
In 2013, Mumbai had 12 million internet users, while Delhi had 8.1 million.
Delhi registered With 50 per cent y-o-y growth, while Mumbai followed with 37 per cent, and Bangalore with 36 per cent.
Hyderabad and Pune, with a growth of 34 per cent each are at fourth while Kolkata and Ahmedabad with 33 per cent each are at fifth position. Chennai with 24 per cent  has registered the lowest growth rate among the top eight cities.
Overall, the top four metros have a 23 per cent penetration of Internet Users in India. The other four Metros have 11 per cent.
Among the smaller metros with a population of more than 1 million, Surat, Jaipur, Lucknow, Vadodara and Nagpur are the top five cities with highest number of internet users.
TAGS: Internet Internet Users Top Internet User
More from industry

Salman s special guests on his reality showLisa Haydon in 'Bigg Boss 8' house
The sizzling Lisa Haydon recently made an appearance on the reality show 'Bigg Boss'.
You might also like:
The Bollywood beauty was seen interacting with the contestants as a part of a task.
1 / 30

Swachh Bharat Toilets double up as pantries in Kerala trainsSwachh Bharat? Toilets double up as pantries in Kerala trains
Ramesh Babu , Hindustan Times  Thiruvananthapuram, November 04, 2014
First Published: 17:57 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 18:46 IST(4/11/2014)
Comments
It seems the Indian Railways, one of the largest rail networks in the world, is yet to respond to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious Swachh Bharat campaign.
In Kerala Express, a long-distance and prestigious train, ice meant to refrigerate soft drinks and meat is being kept in toilets.
Malayalam news channel 'Mathrubhumi' has come out with some shocking video footage.
In the New Delhi-bound Kerala Express, an Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) worker is seen cutting an ice block just outside a toilet. When a passenger turns up, he lets her to go in but asks her not to disturb the ice strewn around the water closet. When asked, he tells the passenger that the ice is meant to keep soft drinks cold and preserve meat items.
There are more instances - in many long-distance trains, the water used for cooking and toilets is sourced from the same tap. Usually at the originating point of a train a couple of pop-up water cans are stored but once they are exhausted workers fill water from the normal pipes that is untreated.
An IRCTC worker cutting ice blocks just outside the toilet of one of the compartments of Kerala Express. Once cut, ice splinters were later taken to the pantry bathroom to store soft drinks and meat products. (Video grab courtesy: Mathrubhumi News)
At least two dozen cases of food poisoning were reported by passengers of trains managed by the Southern Railway in last couple of months alone. Last year, 50 passengers of Ajmer-Ernakulam Marusagar Express were hospitalised in Kasargode (north Kerala) after severe food poisoning.
"I boarded the Hapa-Tirunelveli Express last week. The attendant was stinking. When I asked him, he complained that he has not even had the time to go to the toilet for last three days because of work load, leave alone a proper bath," said M Mahesh, an IT executive and a regular passenger.
IRCTC says that its catering staff wears uniforms, name slips, head covers and gloves but it often remains only on paper.
(Video grab courtesy: Mathrubhumi News)
"Such instances are not new. When I filed a case against the railway after it converted a toilet into a kitchen in Thiruvananthapuram-Kozhikode Jan Shatabdi I was given a written undertaking that it will take immediate steps to maintain hygiene. Later, I withdrew the case but things are going from bad to worse," said RTI activist D Binu, who has taken up a number of such complaints.
Interestingly, some start-up firms and caterers have started serving hot food on call but the railways is not interested in promoting it, forcing passengers to buy poor quality platform and pantry-made food.
"It is high time for the railways to heed the PM's call. Even AC compartments are rat and fly-infested.  And many bathrooms do not get water," said Girish, another traveller.
(Video grab courtesy: Mathrubhumi News)

NCAER lowers India s GDP growth forecast for this year to 5%ITO metro station to be opened to commuters early next year
The National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) has lowered India’s GDP growth forecast to 5 per cent in the current financial year on weak economic fundamentals and uncertainties in growth prospects.
The economic think-tank in its earlier projection had suggested that the Indian economy was likely to grow at 5.7 per cent in 2014-15.
“NCAER is predicting a slower growth for the economy unlike other forecasts. The fundamentals of the economy remain weak with uncertainties prevail. The only redeeming feature is the weakening of inflation and FDI inflows.
“Whether that will help us revive our growth prospects will depend on a number of factors including revival of the external economy and the extent of damage on agriculture due to deficit rainfall,” it said in a release today.
NCAER said that the overall economy is looking weak with uncertain growth prospects.
“The economy is giving mixed signals. On one hand, we had the Sensex reaching record levels partly driven by record foreign institutional investment and FDI.”
However, the business confidence index is showing rise in sentiments on the back of a stable political regime with the new government, it said.
Weakening of prices due to cheaper food and fuel inflation is also positive, but agricultural growth is predicted to be lower than last year as there was deficit rainfall with uneven spatial and temporal patterns.
“The pace of growth shows signs of slowing down in the services sector. Not surprisingly, bank credit to the commercial sector has not picked pace and continues to languish.
“Further, the slowdown in the external economy, except the United States, shows little growth prospects for the external sector even though exports grew in the first quarter,” it said.
Therefore, while inflation has weakened significantly and sentiments have improved, the fundamentals of the economy continue to be weak, said NCAER.
TAGS: GDP Growth India
More from economy

RIL  partners to gain $40 million in 2014-15 from gas price hikenatural gas
Reliance Industries and its partners will get about $40 million in additional revenue this fiscal for gas they produce from eastern offshore KG-D6 block after the government raised prices by 33 per cent.
Niko Resources, which holds 10 per cent stake in the RIL-operated KG-D6 block, said partners will get increased rate of $5.61 per million British thermal unit for the gas they produce from MA field in the block, while old rate of $4.2 would continue to apply on D1&D3 fields pending resolution of a dispute regarding reasons for drastic fall in output.
“Approximately 40 per cent of the natural gas sold from the D6 Block for the period of April to September of 2014 was produced from the MA field and approximately 60 per cent was produced from the D1&D3 fields.
“Based on the company’s current projections of natural gas production from the MA field, the revised price will provide incremental revenue to Niko of approximately $4 million from the MA field for the period from November 1, 2014 to March 31, 2015,” the company said in a statement.
Extrapolating the earnings for other partners, RIL will get $24 million for its 60 per cent share in the KG-D6 block and BP of U.K. $12 million for its 30 per cent interest.
Niko said the cash flow benefit of the revised price on gas sales from the D1&D3 fields is not expected to be available unless and until the cost recovery dispute is resolved in the favour of the contractors of the block.
The government has not agreed with the partner’s claim of geological reasons being responsible for D1&D4 output languishing at less than 8 million standard cubic meters per day instead of 80 mmscmd projected for this time of the year.
It has disallowed certain costs as penalty, which the partners have contested and the matter is in arbitration.
Consumers will, however, pay the revised increased price for D1&D3 gas, but RIL and its partners will get only $4.2 per mmBtu with the difference being deposited in an escrow account. They will get the higher rates if they win the arbitration case.
“As per the (natural gas pricing) Guidelines (that came into effect from November 1), the announcement of the gas price for the period of April 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015 is expected to occur in mid-March 2015,” Niko said.
It said while the government has stated that a premium over the $5.61 rate would be given to discoveries made after the issuance of guidelines in difficult areas like deepsea, the applicability of the premium to existing undeveloped finds in the D6 and NEC-25 blocks remains to be clarified.
These discoveries included in the approved plans of development for the R-Cluster and Satellite Areas in KG-D6 block.
“The development of these discoveries is dependent on the future long-term price outlook for gas sales from these projects and the uncertainty in this outlook could mean that development of these discoveries could be deferred,” it added.

Mahindra reaps rich harvest by targeting potato farmersHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Mahindra reaps rich harvest by targeting potato farmers
Amrita Nair-Ghaswalla
Ravindra Shahane, Vice- President, Marketing, Farm Equipment Sector, M&M Ltd
Company launches special tractors for potato farming
Mumbai, November 4:  
A unique marketing initiative by Mahindra and Mahindra’s farm equipment division, aimed at potato farmers in Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal, has helped the company drive up tractor sales in a sluggish market.
The $16.5-billion group has launched special potato tractors, and wants to “educate” farmers on advanced farming practices, Ravindra Shahane, Vice-President, Marketing, Farm Equipment Division, told BusinessLine.
Around 15 per cent of the 60 crore farmers across the country are into potato farming.
“The brand’s presence in the potato belt has been weak. Through a new line of products, supported by regional promotions, we have grown over the years and by 200 per cent in the first half of FY15,” said Shahane. The Mahindra 595 DI, 475 DI, 265 DI and 295 DI are potato specialist tractors.
Cut wastage
A M&M official pointed out the potato community had been using regular farm tractors for digging operations, and were ignorant of the wastage caused by crushing of the potatoes due to the non-adjustable rear wheel alignment of the tractor.
M&M’s potato specialist tractor gives farmers the option of rear wheel alignment in addition to safety and comfort
“Through several activations, we decided to take the brand to the customers, rather than wait for them to approach us. The effort is to create a larger than life image for brand Mahindra, and keep it topical for the customers in order to consistently occupy their mind space,” said Shahane. This marketing technique helped the company reach out to potato farmers even in remote interiors. “At present, we have 1,100 sales and service points across the country. ,” added Shahane.
Market leadership
This year too, despite the delayed monsoon, M&M’s Farm Equipment Sector managed to maintain its leadership position in the tractor industry. Domestic sales of all tractors in October stood at 30,800 units, against 37,532 units during October 2013. However, exports, including completely knocked down units, jumped 51 per cent in October.
Rajesh Jejurikar, Chief Executive, Farm Equipment and Two Wheeler Division, M&M, said the delayed rains and consequent slow sowing had led to a sluggish domestic market.
The recently launched Arjun Novo tractor had been well received in the market, and would help drive sales in a challenging environment, he added.
Launched in September this year, the Arjun Novo tractor has a precision hydraulics system for potato farming, high lift capacity of 2,200 kg, and an advanced synchromesh 15-forward and 3-reverse transmission.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

California court: The probable use of Islamic law in a civil action ... offends California policyBy Eugene Volokh November 4 Follow @volokhc
Contrary to the view of some, this is not what happens when California courts use the law of a foreign country — even when it incorporates Islamic law — under normal choice-of-law principles.
First, a bit of background: Say that I live in Oklahoma, and work at a plant in Oklahoma, where I’m exposed to some injurious chemicals (say, asbestos). Some years later, I move to California and then get sick, allegedly because of this exposure.
I sue in California court — a logical place, since this is where I live, and (let’s assume) where the defendants have their principal place of business (they are headquartered in California though they also do lots of business in Oklahoma), so it’s not unfair to subject them to California courts’ jurisdiction. But California tort law is considerably more plaintiff-friendly than Oklahoma tort law in various ways. Should California courts decide the case applying California law or Oklahoma law?
Generally speaking (though with some potential exceptions), the answer is Oklahoma law, as the California Supreme Court held in McCann v. Foster Wheeler (Cal. 1994) . (Most other states take the same view.) Businesses that are dealing with Oklahomans in Oklahoma should be able to rely on their conduct being evaluated under Oklahoma law, regardless of where the Oklahomans might later move. And Oklahoma courts and legislators should be able to assure businesses that, if they locate in Oklahoma, they will be subject to the Oklahoma-specified standards of liability (as modified by federal law, if federal law applies):
Because a commercial entity protected by [a particular Oklahoma statute] has no way of knowing or controlling where a potential plaintiff may move in the future, subjecting such a defendant to a different rule of law based upon the law of a state to which a potential plaintiff ultimately may move would significantly undermine Oklahoma’s interest in establishing a reliable rule of law governing a business’s potential liability for conduct undertaken in Oklahoma.
And the same applies if I’m a Frenchman working in France, or a Dominican Republic citizen working in the Dominican Republic. (McCann favorably cites cases involving conduct in both countries). California courts would have to then apply French law or Dominican Republic law — that may not always be easy, since the laws are unfamiliar and in a foreign language, but courts would be able to consult experts or treatises, and do the best they can. (Note that foreign law will often apply even when a tort is committed against a California citizen in a foreign country, but the matter is more complex there, which is why I’m focusing in this post on a tort committed against a foreign country’s citizen in that country.)
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Emilie Elias, however, has recently concluded that this doesn’t apply when the foreign law is the law of Iran — and the rationale potentially applies to other countries that use Islamic law, including Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and others. In Alkhas v. A.W. Chesterton Co. , and, most recently, Sarooie v. Foster Wheeler , the judge reasoned that (1) because Iranian law partly incorporates Islamic law, California courts may not apply it, and (2) because “Iran is run by mullahs and lacks an independent judiciary and due process of law,” Iranian law should not even be applied in California courts. Rationale 1 would squarely apply to Saudi law; rationale 2 might, too, especially since the judge stresses that the concern behind rationale 2 remains that “Iranian law, through utilization of Islamic law, fails to afford a remedy.”
The defendants asked the California Court of Appeal to review the judge’s decision in Sarooie; I saw their petition on Westlaw and drafted a friend-of-the-court letter brief that was signed by Profs. Alan Brownstein (UC Davis), Michael Helfand (Pepperdine), Clyde Spillenger (UCLA), Jonathan Varat (UCLA) and me, which I reproduce below. In it, we argue that the trial court erred in categorically rejecting Iranian law: If California choice-of-law rules point to the use of foreign law in a situation like this (a view on which the letter does not take a stand, though I personally think in this case they do point to foreign law), foreign law should be applied regardless of whether it is based on Islamic law, or whether the foreign country has an unreliable judicial system. (For an example of an American court applying Saudi law, which rests on Islamic law, see Chadwick v. Arabian American Oil Co. (D. Del. 1987) .)
We acknowledge, of course, that it might be improper to implement certain foreign law rules in California courts, for instance, if the rules restrict speech or call for sex discrimination or religious discrimination — but this shouldn’t stop the application of other rules from such a foreign legal system. For instance, American courts may not implement English libel law rules that would violate the First Amendment if they were implemented by an American legislature, but that doesn’t stop American courts from applying English law in cases that are unrelated to libel or free speech.
In any case, here is an excerpt from the court’s decision in Sarooie:
This is a survival and wrongful death action. Samad Sarooie [and family members] (collectively “Plaintiffs”) allege that Galin Keshavarzi (“Decedent”) died due to exposures to asbestos at an oil refinery in Iran from 1950 to 1979 Decedent was a resident of Iran during the alleged exposure period. She then emigrated from Iran to California and resided there until her death in March 2013. The complaint alleges that numerous Defendants are liable for the alleged injuries…
This is not the first time Moving Defendants have asked this Court to find Iranian law applicable. In Alkhas v. A.W. Chesterton Co., Moving Defendants, represented by the same defense attorneys who represent them here, filed an almost identical motion. This Court denied that motion in May 2013, in part because Iranian law, in effect, provided “no remedy at all” since Moving Defendants’ own expert — the same expert on which Moving Defendants rely in the present motion — admitted that application of Iranian law may have necessitated use of Shi’ite Islamic law to decide the case….
In Alkhas, this Court held: “The Court has no confidence that Plaintiffs will receive a fair trial or an adequate opportunity to obtain a remedy under Iranian law. In the forum non conveniens context [where the question is whether a court should dismiss the case, so plaintiffs could file in a different forum -EV], the rule in California is that Iran is not a suitable alternative forum, the reason being that Iranian law effectively provides ‘no remedy at all’ since Iran is run by mullahs and lacks an independent judiciary and due process of law. The Court is persuaded that this rationale should be extended to the choice-of-law context. In the Court’s view, application of Iranian law does not constitute a permissible option under the governmental interest test where, as here, mullahs administer the law, and, by Moving Defendants’ own admission, Shi’ite Islamic law may be used to decide the case.”
This continues to be the Court’s view. For one thing, [Moving Defendants’ expert Mahmoud] Katirai’s current declaration does not backtrack from the admission made in Alkhas that religious Islamic law may have to be applied to civil claims to resolve the action…. Moreover, the declaration of Plaintiffs’ expert, Boozari, a professor of law at the University of California Los Angeles who teaches Islamic law courses, opines — with extensive detail — that the entire Iranian legal system is based on and must comply with Islamic law, including Shari’ah, which the declaration defines as “Divine Law.” Thus, it is likely, if not inevitable, that Islamic law will play a role in the trial. The Court believes this is not a viable result under the governmental interest analysis, and finds that the motion should be denied, as applying Islamic law would prejudice Plaintiffs and contravene California policy.
Moving Defendants’ argument — that the Court erred in Alkhas by applying forum non conveniens principles to decide the choice-of-law issue — does not change the outcome. The Court did not apply forum non conveniens principles; the Court merely referenced those principles by analogy to make the point that Iranian law, through utilization of Islamic law, fails to afford a remedy and, therefore, fails to satisfy the second and thud steps of the governmental interest test.
Likewise, it does not make a difference that the trial will be held in California. The probable use of Islamic law in a civil action is what offends California policy, even if it would be applied by a California judge or a California jury. The instant situation is distinguishable from the facts of McCann for this reason. The McCann court was being asked to apply Oklahoma statutory law, which was subject to and trumped by the protections of the Oklahoma and United States Constitutions, both of which embrace due process and equal protection (among other rights), not Iranian law that is constitutionally required to colnply with Islamic religious standards….
And here is our letter, which was submitted to the Court of Appeal yesterday:
We are law professors who specialize in First Amendment law or choice of law, and we write this letter brief to support defendants’ petition for a writ of mandate. We have no financial interest in this dispute or in the litigants, and speak only for ourselves. We have not received any contribution intended to fund the preparation or submission of the brief, and no part of the brief has been authored by anyone other than ourselves. We only learned about this case a few days after Oct. 10, 2014, when the petition for man­date was filed and posted on Westlaw. We have different philosophies on many legal and pub­lic policy issues, but we agree that the court below erred in its choice of law analysis.
We therefore ask this court for permission to file this amici curiae letter brief.
* * *
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, and other countries — not just Iran — to some extent incorporate Islamic law into their legal systems. These are important American allies and trading partners. Unsurprisingly, American courts routinely apply the law of these countries when American choice-of-law rules call for it, even when that means considering what Islamic law requires in such a case. E.g., Saudi Basic Industries Corp. v. Mobil Yanbu Petrochemical Co., Inc., 866 A.2d 1, 29-40 (Del. 2005); McGhee v. Arabian American Oil Co., 871 F.2d 1412, 1424-26 (9th Cir. 1989); Arabian Trading & Chem. Indus. Co. Ltd. v. B.F. Goodrich Co., 823 F.2d 60, 62-63 (4th Cir. 1987); Nat’l Group for Commc’ns & Computers Ltd. v. Lucent Techs. Int’l Inc., 331 F. Supp. 2d 290, 294-301 (D.N.J. 2004); Chadwick v. Arabian Am. Oil Co., 656 F. Supp. 857, 860-62 (D. Del. 1987).
And there is nothing odd about such consideration of Islamic law: It is just a matter of applying foreign law, whatever the source of that foreign law might be. In many situations in which an employee is injured in a foreign country, California conflicts of laws principles may call for the application of that foreign country’s law — whether, for instance, Oklahoma law, French law, or Dominican Republic law. See McCann v. Foster Wheeler LLC, 48 Cal. 4th 68, 96-102 (2010) (applying Oklahoma law); id. at 100 (favor­ably citing a case applying French law); Tucci v. Club Mediterranee, S.A., 89 Cal. App. 4th 180, 188-94 (2001) (applying Dominican Republic law). In such contexts, the same principles may likewise call for the application of Saudi Law, United Arab Emirates law, or Iranian law.
Indeed, the Ninth Circuit has concluded that California choice-of-law principles may sometimes call for application of Saudi law in such a case. McGhee, 871 F.2d at 1424-26. And this District has cited McGhee as an accurate statement of California law. Tucci, 89 Cal. App. 4th at 188-89.
No published decision has ever found an Establishment Clause violation in applying foreign law in this context. Courts applying Saudi law or Iranian law in such situations are not required to decide theological questions, such as which school of Islamic law is sound, or whether the law is really the word of God. They are just trying to decide, with the help of expert witnesses, what rules a foreign country’s legal system prescribes. See Eugene Volokh, Religious Law (Especially Islamic Law) in American Courts, 66 Okla. L. Rev. 431, 438-41 (2014); Michael Helfand, Litigating Religion, 93 B.U. L. Rev. 493, 549-50, (2013) (text accompanying footnotes 317-319).
To put this in terms of Lemon v. Kurtzman, 403 U.S. 602 (1971), considering expert tes­timony on the content of Saudi law or Iranian law — even when that means con­si­der­ing how Saudi or Iranian courts would interpret Islamic law — has the secular purpose of promoting international comity, predictability of business relations, and application of the law that the parties would have reasonably expected to see applied. It has the predominantly secular effect of adjudicating disputes under standard California choice-of-law principles. And it would not excessively entangle California government with religion, because it requires only a judgment about how foreign legal rules actually operate in those foreign countries’ legal systems, and does not require any judgment about whether those rules are indeed theologically sound.
To be sure, in some situations applying foreign law, whether or not religious in origin, may violate American public policy. Courts, for instance, have refused to enforce foreign judgments that would violate Free Speech Clause principles. See, e.g., Telnikoff v. Matusevitch, 702 A.2d 230, 251 (Md. 1997); SPEECH Act, 28 U.S.C. § 4102 (adopting this as a federal rule). Likewise, if a foreign rule is seen as improperly discriminatory based on sex or religion, courts can refuse to apply it, or even to enforce a judgment based on that rule. See, e.g., Aleem v. Aleem, 947 A.2d 489, 502 (Md. 2008).
But there is no reason to think that the Iranian rules that would be applied in this case would violate any such specific California public policies. And even if some such rules would be contrary to public policy, the trial court should reject only those rules, and not the application of Iranian law more broadly. See, e.g., S.B. v. W.A., 959 N.Y.S.2d 802, 818-19 (Sup. Ct. 2012) (holding that, though, “parts of Sharia Law [in force in the United Arab Emirates] governing personal status would indeed violate our domestic policy, such as laws allowing husbands to practice polygyny and use of physical force to discipline their wives, or laws prohibiting Muslim women from marrying non-Muslims,” other aspects of Emirates law do not violate New York public policy).
Finally, a forum non conveniens conclusion that the Iranian judicial system is biased and unreliable, and that Iranian courts are not a proper forum for resolving the dispute, should not lead to a choice-of-law conclusion rejecting the application of Iranian law. Defendant is asking that Iranian law be applied in California courts, which are reliable and fair. Whether it is proper to apply Iranian law should turn on whether the particular foreign legal rules are against California public policy, not on whether the foreign court system is inadequate. And the mere fact that the Iranian legal rules are based on Islamic law does not make them contrary to California public policy.
We therefore respectfully request that this Court take one of the following two steps. First, this Court could conduct the choice-of-law inquiry itself, without categorically rejecting the possibility of applying Iranian law should the conventional California choice-of-law analysis (based on “comparative impairment” principles) point to applying Iranian law. This Court could then instruct the court below to apply whatever law this choice-of-law analysis yields. Alternatively, this Court could instead issue a writ of mandate, disapproving the Superior Court’s categorical rejection of Iranian law and directing that court to conduct the conventional California choice-of-law inquiry, again without categorically rejecting the possibility of applying Iranian law should the choice-of-law analysis point to applying Iranian law.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Smartphone mkt: Samsung leads over MicromaxSamsung expands lead over Micromax in India’s smartphone market
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 09.35AM IST
Tags:
clear leader in the mobile handsets business
(Gfk data for July, August…)
NEW DELHI: Samsung Electronics expanded its lead over Micromax in India's smartphone market in September, while Nokia retained its third spot, significantly ahead of Lava and Karbonn, data from research firm Gfk showed.
Gfk data for July, August and September showed South Korea's Samsung had achieved a 33% market share at the end of the period after gaining over a percentage point from August. Home-bred Micromax came in second with more than 18% share, adding a tad over the previous month, while Finnish handset maker Nokia, now owned by Microsoft, managed to keep itself going at No 3 with 12% share. ET has reviewed the research firm's data.
In the wider market that includes feature phones, Samsung led with about a fourth of the market share while Nokia continued to be No 2 at about 21%. Micromax, however, came in a distant third with 13.5% share, data showed.
The smartphone market in India is surging, as a drop in prices tempts more people to switch from feature phones to smartphones.
The trend revealed in these Gfk figures - which are based on actual sales -contrasts those brought out in the April-June data published by CounterPoint Research, Cybermedia Research (CMR) and International Data Corporation (IDC), which suggested narrowing of gap between the market leader and its closest challenger.
Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research had said that Micromax was the leading overall handset vendor with 16.6% market share in the April-June period, overtaking Samsung, which garnered 14.4%. The other two had noted that while the Korean company was still the leader, the Indian vendor was fast catching up.
Counterpoint's director of research , Neil Shah , stuck by the agency's second-quarter findings, adding that its preliminary data for the July-September period also showed the same trend - Samsung trailing Micromax in the overall market, but the reverse in the smartphone segment.
"We track shipments, i.e. what is sold into the channel from the OEM and that is pan-India and not sell-through in our quarterly Market Monitor program," Shah said, explaining the difference in methodology compared with Gfk.
GfK did not comment on the figures sourced by ET. IDC chose not to comment on these numbers as the research firm is expected to come out with its third-quarter data next week.
About 71% of more than 924 million mobile phone users in India still use feature phones, offering a massive opportunity for global as well as Indian players to increase their footprint in this pricier segment.
Most handset makers, including new entrants, are focusing on the Rs 5,000 to Rs 15,000 category, in which a far larger number of smartphones are sold compared with the premium price brackets. As per IDC, more than 36 million smartphones were shipped into India till June this year.
According to Shah, preliminary Q3 2014 data from Counterpoint shows that Samsung still leads the India smartphone market with 26% share, having improved from the 25.3% it had in the previous quarter. Micromax comes in a close second with 21% share by shipments.
A spokesperson for Samsung India did not comment on market share figures specifically, but reiterated that Samsung is a clear leader in the mobile handsets business across price categories. "We will continue to offer the best to our consumers in line with their expectations to maintain our leadership position."
Micromax did not respond to ET's email query on the market share figures.
Faisal Kawoosa, CMR's lead analyst, said preliminary findings matched its previous quarter findings of Samsung as the market leader with Micromax closing in, in the case of smartphones. It did not comment on the overall market data, saying it will release full numbers soon.
"One needs to compare the methodology, reach, et al of any research programme to compare it with another," Kawoosa said.
As per Gfk on a value basis, Samsung leads the overall and smartphone markets with about 34% and 38% market share, respectively, at the end of September.
Nokia, despite losing market share, is No 2 by value overall, and in third spot for smartphones, while Micromax is No 3 overall and No 2 in the smartphone category.
Japan's Sony managed to grab around 6% and 8.5% share, respectively, higher than local handset makers Lava and Karbonn, which as per IDC, are among the top four brands as of June-end.
Microsoft declined to comment on market shares while Sony did not respond to ET's queries on the matter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex crosses 28 000 mark; Nifty hits fresh record highSensex crosses 28,000 mark, Nifty hits fresh record highs; top twelve stocks in focus
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.35AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Sensex surged as much as…)
MUMBAI: The BSE Sensex broke through the 28,000 mark for the first time on Wednesday, then fell back as traders booked profits after the run-up over the past 12 trading days. The FM's cautionary remarks on the pace of reforms may have prompted them to reduce their positions. Having surged 1,917 points in the past two weeks, the Sensex hit a lifetime high of 28,010.39 in early trade.
The Sensex started losing momentum later and ended at 27,915.88, up 55.5 points, or 0.2%. The broader Nifty rose 14.15 points, or 0.17%, to close at 8,338.30. Both ended at record highs. At the India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum in Delhi, Jaitley cautioned against rushing into big-bang reforms that could trigger a political backlash and derail the government's agenda.
The last 1,000 points of the Sensex rally came in just five trading sessions. The Nifty extended its winning streak for the sixth consecutive session. While foreign portfolio investors bought Indian equities worth 1,031 crore on Wednesday, domestic institutions sold 1,204 crore of shares, as per BSE provisional figures.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net 1,459.30 crore in the previous trading session on Monday. Tuesday was a market holiday.
Any sharp correction from current levels could be shortlived as expectations of an interest rate cut are building, said fund managers and brokers.
"The market's direction will be based on hopes of a rate cut in December," said Motilal Oswal, CMD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Among sectoral indices, the BSE Bankex was the top gainer at 1.41%, followed by healthcare (1.01%) and IT (0.73%). The BSE Metal index fell 3.03% while the power index declined 0.91%.
"Correction in global commodity prices, liquidity easing by Japan, no immediate threat of increase in US interest rate and domestic fiscal reforms... all looks positive for India," said Pankaj Murarka, head of equity, Axis Mutual Fund. "Sooner or later, RBI has to change its policy stance and cut interest rates, which will further boost the market."
Brent crude declined to $81.61 per barrel, its lowest in four years amid speculation OPEC will refrain from paring a global surplus. Declining crude oil prices augur well for India as the country imports 80% of its requirement. However, the HSBC India Services Business Activity Index fell to 50.0 in October from 51.6 due to weaker growth in new business orders.
That's not likely to dampen market enthusiasm.
"Flooded with funds, FIIs and DIIs will take the current momentum to new highs," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, MD & CEO, Destimoney Securities. "The winter session of Parliament will be closely watched with the government set to table important bills such as GST, land reforms and insurance."
Amar Ambani, head of research at IIFL, said, "The focus is likely to shift toward small-caps and midcaps and the Bank Nifty would continue to lead with heavyweights such as ICICI Bank , Axis Bank and SBI driving it."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Three years after his death  Bhupen Hazarika memorial still a non-starterBhupen Hazarika.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 5, 2014 10:54 am
Even as Assam paid rich tributes to the legendary singer, musician, poet and filmmaker Bhupen Hazarika on his third death anniversary on Wednesday, an ambitious Rs 13-crore project announced by the Assam government more than a year ago to build a befitting memorial for him has remained a non-starter.
Though the government had in November last year promised to complete it by today, state cultural affairs minister Pranatee Phukan said it would now be completed only by November 2015. In August, chief minister Tarun Gogoi had directed the cultural department to expedite construction of the memorial without further delay.
While Hazarika had passed away on November 5, 2011, only a temporary structure stands at the spot where he was cremated near the Gauhati University campus, where he had served as a professor for a couple of years before quitting to take up singing and music.
The proposed memorial would include a two-storied structure with a library, an auditorium and an audio-visual room. An open air theatre and a pen-shaped aluminium silhouetted statue of Hazarika along with a musical fountain and a souvenir shop are also supposed to be part of the memorial
Meanwhile, the Assam government today unveiled a new project of establishing open-air stages in the memory of Bhupen Hazarika in all the 219 development blocks of the state. To be built at a cost of Rs 25 lakh each, these open-air stages would also have a park alongside. (ends)

Blow for Obama Republicans capture control of US Senate in midterm electionsBlow to Obama? Republicans capture control of US Senate in midterm elections
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.27AM IST
The outcome of the elections suggested Obama would face a tougher final two years in office, complicated by greater Republican power and influence in Washington. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Republicans rode a wave of voter discontent to sweeping midterm election wins on Tuesday, seizing control of the US Senate in a punishing blow to President Barack Obama that will limit his political influence and curb his legislative agenda in his last two years in office.
Republicans won in places where Democrats were favored, like a Senate race in North Carolina, pulled out victories where the going was tough, like a Senate battle in Kansas, and swept a number of governors' races in states where Democrats were favored, like Obama's home state of Illinois.
They also strengthened their grip on the House of Representatives and when the new Congress takes power in January, will be in charge of both chambers of Congress for the first time since elections in 2006.
Obama, first elected in 2008 and again in 2012, called Democratic and Republican leaders of Congress to the White House on Friday to take stock of the new political landscape. He watched election returns from the White House, and saw little to warm his spirits.
Republican Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, who won a tough re-election battle against Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes, will replace Democrat Harry Reid as Senate majority leader.
"Some things don't change after tonight. I don't expect the president to wake up tomorrow and view the world any differently than he did when he woke up this morning. He knows I won't either. But we do have an obligation to work together on issues where we can agree," McConnell said in his victory speech in Louisville.
Republicans needed six seats to win control of the 100-member Senate, and by late evening they had seven.
The winning margin came when Iowa Republican Joni Ernst was declared the winner over Democrat Bruce Braley and Republican Thom Tillis defeated incumbent Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in North Carolina.
Republican Senate candidates also picked up Democratic seats in Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas.
The Republican surge will force Obama to scale back his legislative agenda and limit his ambitions to either executive actions that do not require legislative approval, or items that might gain bipartisan support, such as trade agreements and tax reform.
It will also test his ability to compromise with newly empowered political opponents who have been resisting his legislative agenda since he was first elected.
'TERRIFIC NIGHT'
But Republicans, hoping to win the White House in 2016, will also be under pressure to show Americans they are capable of governing after drawing scorn a year ago for shutting down the government in a budget fight.
"Tonight was a terrific night for Republicans. It was a powerful repudiation of the Obama agenda, and the Obama economy, which isn't working," Republican Senator Ted Cruz, a conservative firebrand, told CNN.
"The American people, they're frustrated with what's happening in Washington, but now the responsibility falls on us to lead," he said.
Partisan battles could erupt over immigration reform, with Obama poised to issue executive actions by year's end to defer deportations of some undocumented immigrants, and over energy policy, as Republican press the president to approve the Keystone XL pipeline carrying oil from Canada.
The Republican victory had been widely predicted ahead of Tuesday's voting to elect 36 senators, 36 state governors and all 435 members of the House of Representatives.
Election Day polling by Reuters/Ipsos found a dour mood among the electorate with less than one-third of voters believing the country is headed in the right direction.
Midterm Elections In The US
of 6
Midterm Elections In The US
Text: AFP
Today Americans head to the polls to cast their vote in the mid-term elections, which will decide whether Republicans or Democrats will control the Senate.
In Pic: A man fills walks past voting signs displayed outside a polling station during the mid-term elections November 4.
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections at Bellarmine University November 4, 2014 in Louisville, Kentucky.
Sen. Mitch McConnell waits after voting in midterm elections
Senate Minority Leader U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) waits after voting in midterm elections with his wife Elaine Chao at Bellarmine University.
In Pic: Senator Mitch McConnell with wife Elaine Chao
Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters
Clay Aiken, Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in North Carolina's Second District, poses for a selfie with supporters.
In Pic: Democratic Candidate for US Congress Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters.
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker on his back during a campaign stop one day before the mid-term elections.
Next

Big cos disclose too little on ops abroad: W...Big companies disclose too little on operations abroad: Transparency International
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.20AM IST
0
Share More
The Berlin-based anti-corruption watchdog named Bank of China, Honda Motor, Bank of Communications, Agricultural Bank of China and Russia's Sberbank as the five least transparent companies.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BERLIN: The world's biggest companies disclose little or no financial details about their operations abroad , according to a report by Transparency International which singled out Chinese firms but also US tech giants like Amazon and Google.
The Berlin-based anti-corruption watchdog named Bank of China, Honda Motor , Bank of Communications , Agricultural Bank of China and Russia's Sberbank as the five least transparent companies.
Bank of China could not be reached for comment on the report, while the other four firms declined to comment.
"We need more transparency from multinational companies, whose power in the world economy closely rivals the biggest countries," said Transparency International chairman Jose Ugaz.
"By not responding to people's demands for greater transparency and accountability, companies risk harming their brand and losing customers," he warned.
Around three quarters of the 124 firms assessed do not disclose the taxes they pay in foreign countries and nearly half publish no information on revenues abroad, the report said.
The companies were ranked based on their reporting of their measures to prevent corruption, information about subsidiaries and holdings and information about financial operations abroad.
By these criteria, European companies performed best with Italy's Eni, Britain's Vodafone and Norway's Statoil at the top.
"We are committed to providing as much information and insight as possible to support informed public debate on issues such as corporate governance, anti-corruption programmes and corporate taxation," said a spokesman for Vodafone.
While there were six Chinese companies among the 10 worst performers, US firms also figured.
Warren Buffet's conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway was ranked the sixth least transparent multinational and the report said major tech companies also performed relatively poorly.
"Surprisingly, the sector that makes greater transparency possible is one of the least transparent," said Transparency, adding that Amazon, Apple, Google and IBM all scored less than three out of 10.
The US firms cited were either unavailable when asked for a reaction by Reuters or declined to comment. Some firms did not want to respond until they had seen the complete report.
A spokesperson for Japan's Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp, which was also among the bottom 10, said: "We want to continue to work towards appropriate disclosures."
Transparency said the world's biggest oil, gas and mining companies were not yet ready for transparency rules that would enter into force across the European Union from July 2015.
These regulations require extractive companies to report payments such as taxes to governments on a country-by-country and project-by-project basis. In the United States, similar measures are planned, but implementation has been delayed.

Pilot mystery at heart of Virgin Galactic spaceship crash probePilot mystery at heart of Virgin Galactic spaceship crash probe
Reuters
Tweet
MOJAVE, California, Nov 5:  
The probe of Virgin Galactic's space plane crash in California hinges on a central mystery: Why a seasoned test pilot would prematurely unlock the craft's moveable tail section, setting off a chain of events that led to destruction of the ship and his death.
The National Transportation Safety Board was expected this week to complete its initial field investigation into Friday's ill-fated test flight of SpaceShipTwo, a rocket-powered vehicle built to take paying passengers for rides into space.
The ship broke apart at an altitude of about 50,000 feet (15,000 metres) and crashed in the Mojave Desert, 95 miles (150 km) north of Los Angeles, moments after its separation from the special jet aircraft that carries the spacecraft aloft for its high-altitude launches.
The pilot, Pete Siebold, 43, survived the crash, parachuting to the ground with a shoulder injury. The co-pilot, Mike Alsbury, 39, was killed.
NTSB officials have said it was Alsbury, flying for the ninth time aboard SpaceShipTwo, who unlocked the tail section, designed to pivot upward during atmospheric re-entry to ease the descent of the craft.
Alsbury was supposed to have waited until the ship was travelling at 1.4 times the speed of sound, fast enough for aerodynamic forces to hold the tail in place until time to actually move it into descent position, sources familiar with the spacecraft's operation told Reuters.
Instead, for reasons unknown, he released the locking mechanism roughly 9 seconds into a planned 20-second firing of the space plane's rocket engine, while the ship was moving at about Mach 1, the speed of sound, the sources said.
The result was disastrous. About 4 seconds after the tail was unlocked, it began to swivel out, and the vehicle was ripped apart, scattering debris over a 5-mile (8-km) swath of desert northeast of the Mojave Air and Space Port.
A second command to deliberately move the tail upward after unlocking it was never given.
The tail's so-called "feathering" system, developed and patented by aircraft designer Burt Rutan, is designed to increase the vehicle's surface area and slow down the ship so it can fly like a badminton shuttlecock as it safely re-enters Earth's atmosphere from space.
SpaceShipTwo's feather mechanism had been operated extensively in previous atmospheric test flights, including two rocket-powered runs, officials said.
The NTSB expects it will take up to a year to piece together exactly what triggered the accident and recommend changes to equipment, procedures, operations and other factors that may have caused or contributed to the crash, safety board Chairman Christopher Hart said.
Initial interviews, collection of debris from the crash site and preliminary examination of evidence were expected to be wrapped up by the end of the week.
A human-factors expert joined the investigation team on Monday to look at cockpit displays, checklist design, training and other pilot operational issues. Siebold, the surviving pilot, had not yet been interviewed due to medical concerns, Hart said on Monday.
NTSB's preliminary accident investigation report was expected in about 10 days
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

TripAdvisor profit sags as costs jump; shares slideTripAdvisor profit sags as costs jump; shares slide
Reuters
Tweet
Nov 5:  
Travel review website TripAdvisor Inc reported a quarterly profit that missed analysts estimates by a wide margin as marketing costs jumped by nearly two-thirds and referral revenue lagged the company's expectations.
TripAdvisor shares fell 15 per cent to $71 in post-market trading as the higher costs ate into a 39 per cent rise in revenue.
Chief Executive Officer Steve Kaufer added that lower-than-expected click-based revenue growth partially offset gains made from the purchase of travel booking website Viator in July.
The company relies heavily on click-based advertising, which made up 70 per cent of its total revenue in the latest quarter.
TripAdvisor makes money when a user clicks through to a third-party booking site.
The company launched a major advertising campaign in the third quarter, driving selling and marketing costs up 64 per cent to $159 million.
The company's net income fell to $54 million, or 37 cents per share, for the third quarter ended September 30, from $56 million, or 38 cents per share, a year earlier.
On an adjusted basis, the company reported a profit of 48 cents per share.
At $354 million, revenue exceeded market expectations but earnings lagged.
Analysts had expected earnings of 60 cents per share on revenue of $348.8 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Brent slips below $83 | Gold dips to 4-year lowsBrent drops toward $82 on weak China data, supply glut
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.08AM IST
0
Share More
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after previous data.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude dropped towards $82 a barrel on Wednesday, stretching losses into a fifth session, as weak economic data from top energy consumer China stoked worries about demand in a market that is already battling a deepening global supply glut.
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after previous data revealed sluggish factory growth in the world's second largest economy.
"We had expected this," said Avtar Sandu, senior manager for commodities at Phillip Futures of the Chinese data. "The market is already soft for Brent and the Chinese data is not going to help although the numbers are not a surprise."
Brent fell 43 cents to $82.39 a barrel by 0610 GMT.
U.S. crude slipped 17 cents to $77.02, coming off a low of $75.84 hit in the previous session - its weakest since October 2011 - after data showed crude stocks unexpectedly fell last week as refineries boosted output.
U.S. crude stocks fell 639,000 barrels to 374.9 million in the week to Oct. 31, compared with analysts' expectations for a increase of 2.2 million barrels, data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute showed on Tuesday.
The market is now waiting for weekly inventory data from the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) later in the day for more clues on demand in the world's top oil consumer.
Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic lost more than 2 percent overnight after Saudi Arabia cut export prices to the United States threatening to deepen a global supply glut that has driven prices down 30 percent since June.
A bleak outlook for Europe after the European Commission downgraded its forecast for euro zone economic growth over the next few years also weighed on oil prices.
"The downgraded forecast in Europe is not really a surprise but it is a reminder that there is a risk," said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney on how the weak economic outlook could crimp demand.
"I think we are in a situation where the oil price needs to fall to a level where it actually results in supply changes. But what that level is, is what everybody is asking."
Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi is making his first visits in years to fellow exporters Venezuela and Mexico, although tumbling oil prices are not the stated purpose of the trip, according to officials and sources.
Still, the travel plans come at a pivotal moment for Saudi Arabia and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which meets later in November to discuss how to respond to the rout in global oil prices.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Ashok Leyland up over 3%  hits fresh 52-week highsAshok Leyland
(At 09:30 a.m.; Ashok Leyland…)
NEW DELHI: Ashok Leyland Ltd rose as much as 3.01 per cent in trade on Wednesday, to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 47.90, after the Hinduja Group flagship firm reported a 23.1 per cent increase in its sales in October at 8,375 units.
At 09:30 a.m.; Ashok Leyland was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 47.10. It hit a low of Rs 46.70 and a 52-week high of Rs 47.90 in trade today.
The city-based heavy commercial vehicle manufacturer had sold 6,803 units during the same month of previous year.
Majority of sales in October were contributed by medium and heavy commercial vehicles at 5,838 units while light commercial vehicles contributed 2,537 units, the company said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex breaches 28 000-mark for first time  Nifty hits 8 363.65Sensex tops 28K mark for 1st time on hopes of reforms, rate cut
PTI  Mumbai, November 05, 2014
First Published: 10:22 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:35 IST(5/11/2014)
The benchmark Sensex conquered the 28,000-mark on Wednesday for the first time as markets hit new highs of the fourth day on expectations of more reforms by the Modi government and a rate cut by the RBI.
 
The BSE barometer, however, settled a tad lower but still a new closing peak of 27,915.88, a gain of 55.50 points of 0.20%.
 
The 30-share index resumed higher at 27,907.19 and rose further to a high of 28,010.39 before ending at 27,915.88.
 
Markets were enthused after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley promised reforms in labour, land acquisition and insurance laws and expressed readiness to look at privatisation of some loss-making public sector companies.
 
The index surpassed its previous record high of 27,969.82 hit on November 3. Its previous closing peak was 27,865.83 (October 31).
 
Similarly, the CNX 50-share Nifty firmed up by 14.15 points, or 0.17%, to all-time closing high of 8,338.30.
 
"Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates," Dipen Shah, head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
 
Strong foreign capital inflows coupled with strong European cues mainly boosted the domestic market sentiment, even as services sector activity in India stagnated during October amid weaker growth of new orders an per a HSBC survey.
 
Leading global crude oil producer Saudi Arabia on Tuesday slashed its export prices for the US market. "The fall in crude oil prices will have a positive impact on, among other things, inflation....it will embolden the RBI to cut rates," said HDFC Securities in a note.
 
The market sentiment got a fillip after data showed foreign portfolio investors on Monday bought shares worth a net Rs. 1,413.34 crore.
 
Most Asian stocks ended mixed following weak economic data from China. Key benchmark indices in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and South Korea fell by 0.19% to 0.63% while indices in Singapore and Japan rose by 0.18% to 0.44%.
 
Both exchanges, BSE and NSE will remain close on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti. 
Meanwhile, European stocks were trading higher as better-than-estimated earnings offset investor concern about the health of the region's economy. Key benchmark indices in UK, France and Germany were up by 0.57% to 0.95%.
 
In the BSE Sensex, 14 out of the 30 constituents ended higher while 16 scrips finished lower.
 
Major gainers from the Sensex pack included Axis Bank (2.93%), SBI (2.24%), Dr Reddy's Lab (2.24%), Sun Pharma (2.10%), ICICI Bank (1.84%), BHEL (1.72%), Infosys (1.02%), HUL (1.00%) and ITC (0.96%).
 
However, Hindalco fell by 4.10%, followed by Sesa Sterlite 3.79%, Coal India 3.16%, Bharti Airtel 2.70%, Tata Steel 2.29%, Hero Mocorp 1.77%, NTPC 1.76%, Tata Power 1.45%, HDFC 1.44% and Reliance Ind 0.98%.
 
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Bankex rose by 1.41%, Healthcare 1.01%, IT 0.73% and Capital Goods 0.57% while Metal dropped by 3.03%, Power 0.91%, Oil&Gas 0.66% and Realty 0.38%.
 
The total market breadth remained positive as 1,634 stocks close in the green while 1,382 finished in the red. The total turnover rose to Rs. 4,410.81 crore from Rs. 3,506.62 crore on Monday.

US polls: Republicans take control of SenateUber cab rape case: Driver accused of assaulting Delhi woman arrested in Mathura
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
A radio cab driver accused of raping a woman executive in Delhi was arrested from his home town Mathura in Uttar Pradesh on Sunday following day-long raids. Shiv Kumar Yadav allegedly assaulted a 25-year-old woman MNC employee in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla late Friday night.  He was being brought to New Delhi and was due to appear in a city court on Monday.

 RBI Likely to Hold Rates Through the Fiscal: IcraMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Mumbai: Notwithstanding moderation in inflation, the Reserve Bank is likely to keep status quo on the policy rates this fiscal to check price rise expectations, says a report.
"We expect the central bank to stick to a firm anti-inflationary stance over the remainder of the current fiscal to rein in inflation expectations and impart credibility to its targets," Icra Ratings chief economist Aditi Nayar said in a report.
She, however, expects the apex bank to begin a rate-easing cycle in the first quarter of the next fiscal, with repo rate cuts of up to 50 basis points.
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan will announce the fifth bi-monthly monetary policy on December 2.
The rating agency sees CPI inflation in January 2015 to be well below the target of 8 per cent as per the glide path announced by the RBI, despite base effect waning after this month.
Retail inflation eased to 6.46 per cent in September, lowest since January 2012, from 7.73 per cent in August.
"While liquidity conditions for the rest of the fiscal would be guided by the extent of revival of the investment cycle, systemic liquidity is anticipated to remain comfortable, dampening various interest rates despite our expectation that the repo rate would remain unchanged at 8 per cent in FY15," she said.
Ms Nayar expects the RBI to continue to use term repos and overnight variable reverse repos as the primary tools for liquidity management.
She also said her agency sees GDP growth moderating to 5 per cent in the second quarter, down from 5.7 per cent in the first quarter. This is on account of factors like unfavourable kharif harvest, sluggish manufacturing, export slowdown and moderation in the pace of expansion of government spending.
"We maintain a GDP growth forecast of 5.3-5.5 per cent for this fiscal, which takes into account expectations of a mild improvement in manufacturing growth; some pickup in investment activity in fourth quarter; and a healthy rabi harvest offsetting kharif crop losses," the report said.
The rating agency has revised its forecast for credit growth during FY15 to 13.5-14.5 per cent from the previous estimate of 14-15 per cent, while maintaining its estimate for deposit growth at 12.75-13.50 per cent.
Credit growth is expected to recover moderately by fourth quarter of this fiscal as large ticket corporate loans pick up with an improvement in economic growth conditions.
However, following the decline in commodity prices, the working capital requirements of firms in various sectors would be lower, she said.
"The deregulation of diesel prices would lead to lower under-recoveries for OMCs, reducing their working capital needs," it said.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 19:17 (IST)

Mathew Martoma wins delay of prison termMathew Martoma wins delay of prison term
PTI
Tweet
New York, Nov 5:  
An Indian-origin portfolio manager, sentenced to nine years on insider trading charges, won his bid to delay his surrender to prison next week until an appellate panel decides on his motion to remain free on bail pending appeal of his conviction.
Mathew Martoma, 40, was sentenced in federal court last month by US District Judge Paul Gardephe for his role as the “central figure” in the most lucrative insider trading scheme ever charged involving USD 275 million in illegal profits and avoided losses.
Martoma was also ordered to forfeit a $9.3 million bonus he earned through insider trading as well as his interests in his Florida home and several bank accounts.
Martoma was ordered to surrender to prison on November 10 and had last month moved court for bail pending appeal saying his appeal will raise “several other close questions including that evidence was improperly excluded and his sentence was both procedurally and substantively unreasonable.”
The US Court of Appeals in an order yesterday said Martoma’s motion for bail pending appeal is reffered to a three—judge motions panel and would be heard as soon as possible.
The appeals court granted Martoma’s request to extend his November 10 surrender date until an appellate panel hears and decides on his motion for bail pending appeal.
Martoma had filed an emergency motion for bail pending appeal and had sought to extend his surrender date until his bail motion can be heard and decided by the appeals court.
Last month, Gardephe had denied Martoma’s appeal to stay free on bail while he appeals his conviction and to delay his surrender date to prison, ruling that evidence of his guilt is “overwhelming” and his argument of error at trial is not persuasive.
“None of Martoma’s arguments regarding the sufficiency of the evidence or legal error at trial are persuasive,” the judge had said adding that Martoma has not articulated any basis for finding that his sentence was procedurally or substantively unreasonable.
Martoma’s prison sentence, among the longest handed down for insider trading, was in line with what Manhattan’s India—born top federal prosecutor Preet Bharara had sought ahead of the hearing.
Martoma, a portfolio manager of CR Intrinsic Investors, a division of hedge fund behemoth SAC Capital, was convicted in February this year for collecting confidential information about a high—profile Alzheimer’s drug trial from two doctors and making profits and avoiding losses of USD 275 million for SAC Capital.
Martoma, who had changed his name from Ajai Mathew Thomas, was also sentenced to three years of supervised release following the completion of his sentence.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Oil Slips Further; Brent Trades at Lowest in Over Four YearsOil Slips Further; Brent Trades at Lowest in Over Four Years
PRECIOUS-Gold  silver slump to fresh 4-year lows as sell-off extendsPRECIOUS-Gold  silver slump to fresh 4-year lows as sell-off extends
Crude oil futures slump to end at a three-year lowCrude oil futures slump to end at a three-year low
Indian Oil Corporation postpones board meetingIndian Oil Corporation postpones board meeting
Jai Corp to sell its Indore unitJai Corp to sell its Indore unit
NCAER lowers GDP growth forecast for this year to 5%NCAER lowers GDP growth forecast for this year to 5%
Service Sector Growth In October Slowest In Six MonthsService Sector Growth In October Slowest In Six Months
Mahindra Scorpio - the warhorse gets nattierMahindra Scorpio - the warhorse gets nattier
Thomas Cook s arm inks definitive agreement to acquire 49% stake in MFXThomas Cook s arm inks definitive agreement to acquire 49% stake in MFX
Reliance Mutual Fund buys 3.79% stake in Vindhya TelelinksReliance Mutual Fund buys 3.79% stake in Vindhya Telelinks
4 Lies Small Business Owners Tell Themselves to Avoid Ecommercereddit
Staying on top of the changes in an increasingly digital age is a challenge for most business owners, but ecommerce is one evolution of the sales process that can't be ignored.  Research estimates that over 40 percent of consumers worldwide now carry out some of their shopping online, with the frequency and value of these online sales steadily increasing.
As your customers move online, are you hiding behind excuses to avoid investing in an ecommerce channel for your business? By avoiding and investing in ecommerce, you may be selling yourself short. If you find that you tell yourself the following four lies, it might be time to reconsider your position.
Lie #1: I Don't Need Online Sales
So your business is so successful and demand is so high that you can't possibly take more orders or take on new customers? That's great for now, but how sure are you that this will still be the case in six months? What if you could simultaneously build a more secure future for your business as well as boost profit?
Ecommerce lets you grow your customer base by creating a database of potential customers. If you can't service them right now, why not offer them advice or support in the form of a regular newsletter? Or if demand really is outstripping supply, reconsider your prices and find more profitable customers from your growing database.
Lie #2: My Customers Won't Buy Online
Quite frankly, if you believe this you are not only missing out on immediate potential sales, but condemning the future growth of your business.
Online shopping has almost doubled since 2010 , with no sign of slowing down. This means more and more people each month are choosing to spend their money online instead of visiting brick and mortar locations.
Even if you were to play devil's advocate and claim that your business is the one exception to the rule, the chances are high that this won't be the case for much longer as a growing number of shoppers take their transactions to the digital space.
Creating an ecommerce platform for your business now will mean that you have an established online presence that can grow and develop to meet the changing shopping habits of your customers in the future.
Lie #3: It Takes Too Much Time to Set Up and Manage
This is an understandable misconception, and certainly you will need to invest time and money into a new ecommerce system. However with so many online retailing solutions, and a growing number of experienced web design companies, a bespoke website can be designed, built and up and running in a matter of weeks.
Don't let the pressure of creating a comprehensive online store to rival Amazon put you off starting your company's ecommerce journey. There is nothing wrong with starting out small, perhaps with a few core products or an online booking system, and gradually building up your online retailing. For a more detailed account of what is involved in setting up an ecommerce store this ecommerce website checklist is a great resource.
Lie #4: I Can't Afford It
As with any important business investment you need to weigh up the potential returns against the initial cost. There are many pros and cons to consider when comparing a custom built ecommerce site with a ready-to-sell package.
By choosing a robust and scalable ecommerce website, rather than a cheap and cheerful turn-key platform, your online store will be able to grow gradually with your business. This initial investment will also avoid additional costs and inconvenience when you choose to increase your ecommerce operations.
Businesses need to evolve and grow to stay successful, and with a growing convergence of online and offline shopping practices due to the rise in consumer smartphone use, your business simply can't afford to ignore the ecommerce trend.
For more information and tips on ecommerce visit Magicdust .
More:

BSE small-cap  mid-cap indices beat SensexBSE small-cap, mid-cap indices outperform Sensex
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 16:09 IST
Buoyed by robust stock market sentiment, the small-cap and mid-cap indices of the BSE have rallied by up to 56 per cent, outperforming the larger index-Sensex-this fiscal.
The small-cap index of the BSE has given a return of 55.86 per cent, followed by mid-cap index with 40.29 per cent gain. On the other hand, gain in the blue-chip index Sensex has been at 24.11 per cent from April 1 till date, an analysis of the three indices showed.
The Sensex touched its all-time high of 27,969.82 on Monday. The mid-cap index touched its one-year peak of 10,068.63 on September 16 and the small-cap index hit its 52-week high of 11,352.01 on the same day.
Experts said when markets perform well, smaller stocks make big gains than the front-lines. But during the times of uncertainty, greater losses are seen in mid and small-cap scrips.
Analysts said bullish investor sentiment following a new government at the Centre and robust foreign fund inflows have been fuelling rally in the domestic equity markets.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore ($13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market ($22.5 billion), taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore ($36 billion).
Retail investors are major participants in mid-cap and small-cap stocks and their activity in this segment has been upbeat over the past few months.
Market players say smaller stocks are generally bought by local investors, while overseas investors focus on blue-chip shares.
The mid-cap index tracks companies with a market value that is on an average one-fifth of blue-chips or large firms. Small-cap firms are almost a tenth of that.

Maruti investing about Rs 4 000 cr in key areas in 2-3 yrsTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Country’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India is investing up to Rs 4,000 crore in the next 2-3 years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said today.
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering, CV Raman said.
“Currently Rs 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and marketing infrastructure over period of two to three years (including the current year).
“We will be improving our R&D capability. We are setting up test labs and other facilities. Marketing infrastructure such as setting up stockyards will be created,” Raman said on the sidelines of launch of the company’s new version of Alto K10 hatchback.
The company is expected to come out with a SUV- XA Alpha- next year, he said.
Replying to a query, Raman said as of now there are no plans to make diesel engines while Suzuki is working on various types of engines in diesel.
On the reports of crash test failure of Swift, Raman said the car meets all standards set by the Indian government.
“All MSIL as well as other vehicles comply with Indian regulations. As far as swift is concerned. The test is not mandatory in India. There is no regulation to pass that test,” he said.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan’s Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki’s Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
He asserted that the Global NCAP report will not have any impact on Swift sales.
The production of auto gear shift models is being ramped up to meet the market demand, he said.
“Currently, roughly about 4,000 vehicles (are being produced) per month with AGS technology and going forward will ramp up this number. We feel that the two pedal technology is very relevant now. Obviously the auto gear models would increase the volume.
May be in future we look at coming out with more models in AGS,” he said.
Raman said the sales of diesel vehicles could go up as the price difference between petrol and diesel is narrowing
TAGS: Marui Suzuki Investment Maruti Suzuki MSIL
More from companies

Is it worth buying a house in your wife s nameWhat Are the Benefits of Buying a House on Your Wife's Name?
By CommonFloor | CommonFloor.com –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014 5:00 PM IST
Home Improvement Guide
Procedures That Cannot Be Ignored While Buying a Property
CommonFloor.com
Purchasing a property in the near future? Property purchase is a very crucial decision and every aspect of the purchase must be considered strategically to ensure that you get the best possible deal. One such important aspect of property purchase is whether you should register the property in your name or in the name of your wife.
There is no denying the fact that purchasing a property in your spouse's name has its own benefits such as impressing her and your in-laws; not to mention that you also will be considered as a trendsetting male in a fairly conservative and patriarchal society; if these are the reasons why you are buying the house in your wife's name, then you should go for it. However, if you are doing it for financial reasons and to save money, then you should think again and should weigh the pros and cons appropriately.
Having said the above, it is a well-known fact that stamp duty is lower for women in many states and that you can save 1-2 per cent of stamp duty by registering the property in your spouse's name. But is it really worth it, let us find out:
Buy it in your wife's name if you are looking for short-term profits
While the subsidy on the stamp duty for women was introduced to incentivize women property owners, many investors buy the property in their wife's name to reap profits within a short span of time. In speculative transactions, these minor savings can lead to a good business deal.
Applicable tax exemptions and rebates
If the property is purchased in your wife's name, then there is a huge probability that the home loan is also on her name, especially as many banks clearly stipulate that the loan account be in the name of the owner of the property. In such a case, your spouse can enjoy a deduction towards interest up to Rs 1.5 lakh per year. In the same way, if the property is being rented out, then the complete interest paid towards the home loan can be claimed as deduction by her. However, you cannot enjoy any tax rebates if you buy the property in your wife's name, and this holds true even if you are the co-applicant of the loan as even co-applicants of home loans are not eligible to receive tax concessions.
The property may be deemed as a benaami transaction if you buy it in your spouse's name
If you buy the property in your spouse's name, there is a very huge probability that the property will be deemed as a benaami transaction, which is not legally favourable for any purchaser. The easy way out of this situation is to gift your wife the amount that is required for the property purchase, so that the purchase becomes legal. However, gifting the money to your wife would incur additional stamp duty, which misses the purpose of saving money.
Every family's financial and personal predicament is unique and hence you must weigh the advantages and disadvantages of buying on your spouse's name specifically for your needs and situation and then take an informed call.
Buy, Sell, Rent & Manage your property at: CommonFloor.com
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Boehringer firms up strategy for prescription drugsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Boehringer firms up strategy for prescription drugs
PT Jyothi Datta
Allan Hillgrove, Member of the Board of Managing Director, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Sharad Tyagi, Managing Director, BI (India), during an interview with BusinessLine in Mumbai. - PAUL NORONHA
To bring cancer medicines in 2015
Mumbai, Nov 4:  
Drugmaker Boehringer Ingelheim is not unduly distracted by the clamour in global circles over India’s track-record on protecting intellectual property.
The privately-owned German company is formalising its India strategy for prescription medicine, and expects to bring its cancer drugs into the country next year, says Allan Hillgrove, member of BI’s Board of Managing Directors.
Hillgrove heads BI’s prescription medicines, marketing and sales on the corporate board and is on his first visit to India.
With the strategy focussed on medicines to treat diabetes, heart-ailments and cancer, Hillgrove says, BI will have an “India-friendly” pricing that will reflect the local populations’ ability to pay.
There is no formula for its local pricing, he says, but agrees it would be around the levels (about 25 percent of the price in a developed market) that some multinationals have adopted in low-income countries.
Among the cancer drugs expected to be brought into India is Afatinib, targeting non small cell lung cancer, said Sharad Tyagi, BI (India) Managing Director.
Pointing out that the diabetes and cancer medicines were patent protected, Hillgrove says, the focus is on innovative products and the international product pipeline.
Timing and challenges
So BI does not seem to be distracted by criticism that India was not doing enough to protect intellectual property?
“We are not being distracted by it. Everyone’s aware of it,” says Hillgrove. “But no, we see innovative products including in India as being core to the future of the pharma industry. As long as we continue as a company and industry to bring innovations and continue to provide health benefits to society then we think the pharmaceutical industry is a good place to be,” he adds.
Explaining the company’s timing to formalise its prescription medicines strategy, Hillgrove says, India is a market of “increasing importance and (is) proportionally important, as well”.
Besides the potential presented by a 1.2 billion population and its adoption of quality healthcare that uses patented and other medicines, there was also the slowing down seen in major pharma markets like Europe.
“So it’s not only that emerging markets like India are growing quite strongly, it’s also that some of the other markets for various reason contract.”
On IP concerns being raised by other multinationals, Hillgrove reasons, there are on going efforts to strengthen IP protection in India. “Compulsory licensing (CL) is a topic that is a limited topic to date, but is a concern to where that could go in future, but that doesn’t change the fact that India is a very attractive market,” he adds.
A CL allows a third party to make its less-expensive version of an innovative product on the payment of royalty, in the interest of making the medicine affordable to more people. But the issue is contentious, as innovators argue against it, on the grounds that they invest heavily in research, which has long timelines before a product actually makes it to the market.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Centre clears dissolution of Delhi AssemblyCentre clears dissolution of Delhi Assembly
A M Jigeesh
BJP, AAP spar over chief minister candidate
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
With the Union Cabinet endorsing the proposal by Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung to hold fresh elections in the State, both the BJP and the AAP began a verbal war over the chief ministerial candidate. While the AAP said the next elections would decide who should be the Chief Minister — Arvind Kejriwal or BJP’s Jagdish Mukhi — the BJP retorted by saying it would fight the elections without a chief ministerial candidate. The Congress, while welcoming fresh elections, is yet to decide who will head its poll campaign.
As the Cabinet has recommended the dissolution of the Delhi Assembly, elections can be held within six months. There are indications that the elections will be held early next year.
Jung had recommended that the House be dissolved after meeting the three major parties — BJP, AAP and Congress — on Monday.
Thanking the Supreme Court for ensuring justice for the people, the AAP said it took more than eight months for the Centre and the LG to take a decision. Kejriwal said State BJP vice-president Sher Singh Dagar had created a formula of buying MLAs to make a government. “We defeated that formula not once, but four times,” he said.
The AAP leaders said the fight will be between Kejriwal and Mukhi, as the BJP has no credible face other than the latter. The party criticised the BJP for not projecting a CM candidate.
“Mukhi can’t win them the majority, so the leaderless BJP has no option but not to declare a CM candidate. The same BJP used to criticise the UPA for not declaring a PM candidate. This only proves that BJP and Congress are two faces of the same coin,” said an AAP statement.
When asked why this election will not be a contest between him and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Kejriwal quipped that it is because Modi would not resign as Prime Minister and contest Delhi elections.
Communal hatred
The AAP also accused the BJP of spreading communal hatred with an eye on the vote bank. “We shall resist this by the help of our ‘Aman Samiti’, which will try to bring together all religious groups and promote communal harmony,” the party said.
State BJP president Satish Upadhyay said his party will fight the elections collectively.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Virgin Galactic and need for risk-takers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/762f34d8-6363-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French political parties reform - their names© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b386dd7a-5f96-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Erdogans palace has $600m price tag© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7fc8389e-6441-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Full Coverage and Analysis of 2014 Midterm Election ResultsEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Rich man of all time poorer than usNovember 4, 2014 4:05 pm
The second richest man of all time was poorer than us
John Kay
I would rather have antibiotics than gold plate, and I suspect Rothschild would have felt the same
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d1bb8ca-6412-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold Steadies But Holds Within Striking Distance of Four-Year LowOil Price Drop Threatens $150 Billion in Investments
Singapore: Gold dipped for a fifth session in six on Wednesday, flirting with a four-year low as a strong dollar kept investors away from the safe-haven asset and physical demand failed to provide underlying support.
Underscoring the lack of interest in bullion, holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the top gold-backed exchange traded fund, slumped to a fresh six-year low.
Physical buying of jewellery, coins and bars - which usually picks up at lower prices - has not emerged robustly enough to put a floor under prices.
"There is very little on the horizon that is bullish. Despite the trillions of dollars of stimulus over the past several years, most central bankers are worried about deflation, not inflation," said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir.
"In addition, the roaring U.S. equity markets continue to siphon off assets away from alternative investments, including gold," he said.
The yellow metal is often seen as a hedge against inflation and financial uncertainties.
Spot gold fell 0.4 per cent to $1,163.40 an ounce by 0350 GMT, after snapping a four-day decline on Tuesday with a 0.3-per cent rise. The metal on Friday fell to its lowest since 2010 at $1,161.25.
Silver was also close to a four-year low, easing about 1 percent.
Asian shares eased, while the dollar nursed modest losses early on Wednesday as investors decided to take some profits on a four-session rally that swept the greenback to multi-year highs against the yen and euro.
The dollar has been an investor favourite recently, hitting a four-year high against a basket of major currencies earlier this week.
A stronger greenback makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, and dulls its appeal as a hedge.
The lack of investor appetite for gold was evident in outflows from the SPDR gold fund. Its holdings fell 0.32 per cent to 738.82 tonnes on Tuesday - its lowest since September 2008. The fund tends to influence investor sentiment due to the size of its holdings.
Physical demand
A sharp break in gold prices to their lowest levels in more than four years has prompted a pickup in demand for coins in Europe and the United States.
But demand in top buyer China - seen as a key pillar of support for gold - has been disappointing.
Chinese consumers have not shown much enthusiasm for gold in expectation that it will fall further.
On Wednesday, local prices on the Shanghai Gold Exchange dipped to a discount of about 50 cents an ounce to the global benchmark, indicating weak buying interest.
Chinese prices had been at a discount on Monday but had gained to a small premium of up to $1 on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee Rises to 61.34 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Rises to 61.34 Per Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 10:17 (IST)
Rupee Ends Higher at 61.88 After RBI Policy Review
The rupee was trading at 61.36 versus its Monday's close of 61.40. It had touched 61.34 earlier in the session.
Dollar took a breather after a week's rally, while Asia forex were trading mostly up. Shares are being watched for clues about the fund flows.
Sensex and NSE Nifty hit a new high for the fourth consecutive session today, buoyed by growing optimism about Indian economy. The Sensex rose nearly 150 points to hit a new high of 28,006.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Asian Shares Sag  Dollar SteadiesYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Sag, Dollar Steadies
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 10:38 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Tokyo: Asian shares wilted on Wednesday as oil prices extended losses after weak economic data from China, while the dollar took a breather after this week's rally.
Investors warily tracked US election results, in which Republicans made major gains and were set to capture control of the Senate in a midterm vote that could serve as a public referendum on President Barack Obama's job performance.
S&P E-mini futures rose 0.3 per cent. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.3 per cent, while Japan's Nikkei stock average was flat.
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after previous data revealed sluggish factory growth in the world's second largest economy. The data reinforced signs of a gradual slowdown that could prod Beijing to unveil fresh stimulus measures.
Crude prices tumbled to multi-year lows on Tuesday on news top oil exporter Saudi Arabia cut its US sales prices.
US crude futures edged down to $77.15 a barrel in Asia after reaching the lowest intraday price since October 2011 after the Saudi move. Brent fell 0.4 per cent to $82.50.
"The market is already soft for Brent and the Chinese data is not going to help," said Avtar Sandu, senior manager for commodities at Phillip Futures.
The dollar steadied after an earlier dip as investors locked in profits after this week's rally, while a Reuters report saying central bankers in the euro zone plan to challenge European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's leadership style underpinned the euro.
Some members intend to raise their concerns with Draghi at the governors' traditional informal working dinner on Wednesday before the ECB's formal monthly rate-setting meeting on Thursday, the sources interviewed by Reuters said.
"We do not expect further easing at Thursday's ECB meeting but it may give more insight into its new asset purchase programmes," strategists at Barclays said.
On Wall Street on Tuesday, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite ended lower after the big drop in oil prices, while the Dow Jones industrial average eked out a small gain, with energy shares under pressure from low oil prices.
US data on Tuesday revealed a surprise widening of the trade deficit last month, which raised speculation that the initially reported 3.5 per cent pace of third-quarter US growth could be revised down. That in turn could reduce the likelihood that the US Federal Reserve would hike interest rates in 2015.
The Commerce Department said the trade deficit grew 7.6 per cent to $43.03 billion, compared with a forecast of $40.00 billion among analysts polled by Reuters.
The data increased the safe-haven appeal of US Treasury notes, pushing down the benchmark 10-year yield and weighing on the dollar. The yield stood at 2.331 per cent in Asia, down from its US close of 2.342 per cent on Tuesday, when it fell as low as 2.303 per cent.
The dollar index was steady on the day at 86.995, after moving away from its four-year high of 87.406 touched on Monday.
The dollar was buying 113.91 yen, up 0.3 per cent but well below a seven-year peak of 114.21 hit on Monday.
The euro edged up about 0.1 per cent to $1.2559, moving off a two-year low of $1.2439 set on Monday and shrugging off downbeat data after the ECB news.
The European Commission on Tuesday downgraded its forecast for euro zone economic growth over the next few years, leading investors to raise bets the ECB might consider more action to stimulate the region's economy.
Spot gold fell about 0.4 per cent to $1,163.00 an ounce, down for the fifth session in six and flirting with four-year lows.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Berger Paints announces results for quarter ending on Sept 30Berger Paints announces results for quarter ending on Sept 30
Climate change: IMD focuses on special training for fisherygroupsPrint
Written by Parthasarathi Biswas | Pune | Posted: November 5, 2014 11:52 am
Listed among countries in the zones where the effect of climate change would be high on fishing, India is making efforts to train the fishery industry to adapt to climate changes and its depleting effect on the fishing industry, and taking the lead is the India Meteorological Department (IMD)’s Agrimet department in the city.
World Meteorological Organisation (WMO)’s recent conference suggests promotion of weather and climate information for the agriculture and food security in countries like India, where it paints a bleak picture for the fishing industry owing to climate change.
Maharashtra has the third largest fishing sector in India with a majority dependent on inland fishing. Budhaji Damse, who heads a fishing cooperative in Pune, said paucity of catch in reservoirs in the area are giving fishermen a tough time.
That climate change has been making its effect felt in the fishing industry in Maharashtra, as seen in the decline in production. The projected production for 2013-14 for Maharashtra is 583.37 thousand tonnes, a decrease from 595.24 thousand tonnes in 2010-11. The sector in the state contributes almost 1 per cent to the GDP and is 4.6 per cent of agriculture production. Over the years, there has been a significant shift towards inland fisheries and now 63.30 per cent of fishing industry is from inland sources.
Nabanshu Chattopadhyay, deputy director general (agricultural meteorology), IMD, said inland fishery is equally susceptible to climate change and any increase in temperature or change in oxygen level will have a negative impact on shoal of fishes.
Chattopadhyay said there have been reports of large scale death of aquatic life in Haryana and other parts of the country due to change in temperature. “During flooding of the Brahmaputra in Assam, similar incidents were reported,” he said. With major part of the fishing community in the country depending on inland fisheries, Chattopadhyay said special training will be imparted to groups that issue agro-meteorological advisories to fishermen. “Other than weather details we are training AMFU’s to give advisories like use of adaptive measures in case of scenarios like increase in temperature, decrease in dissolved oxygen levels, etc,” he said.

Watch Live Election Night Special With Brian WilliamsThe races listed below are editorially selected key races from around the country. To find results from other states, use the "state results" menu at the top of this page.
DDemocratic

Telangana Finance Minister presents maiden BudgetTelangana Finance Minister presents maiden Budget
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Etala Rajender, Minister for Finance, presenting the Telangana Government's maiden Budget in Hyderabad on Wednesday in the TV Grab. Photo: P V Sivakumar
Telangana Rashtra Samiti legislators coming to the opening day of the Telangana Assembly's first Budget session in Hyderabad on Wednesday. Photo: P V Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Nov 5:  
The Telangana Finance Minister, Eatela Rajender, today presented the maiden Budget for the new State with a size of Rs 1,00,637 crore.
The erstwhile Kiran Kumar Reddy Government presented a vote on account Budget as the State went for elections in May 2014.
The TRS Government took reins on June 2, after the State was bifurcated.
Rajender's Budget comes with a surplus of Rs 301 crore.
The non-Plan expenditure is pegged at Rs 51,989 crore and Plan expenditure at Rs 48,648 crore. The fiscal deficit is put at Rs 17,399 crore.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Business leaders raise bar of expectations from Narendra Modi govtPrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:19 pm
Business leaders, including Mahindra Group chief Anand Mahindra and Chairman of Japan’s Mitsubishi Corporation Yorihiko Kojima, today raised the bar of expectations from the Narendra Modi-led government on reforms to boost India’s economic growth.
Highlighting that deregulation, trade liberalisation and infrastructure development are key factors for attracting investments in India, Kojima said: “Prime Minister Modi has initiated a wide range of reforms and I am sure these will help achieve those goals.”
Speaking at the India Economic Summit here, Kojima said it was difficult to do business in India as “different states have different regulations and taxation” and Japanese firm like Mitsubishi were keenly looking forward to Modi’s assurances given during his visit to Japan in September to bring about a change in the system.
Expressing similar sentiments, Mahindra pointed out that once the infrastructure projects get going, investments will start flowing into India that will help spur growth.
“The trigger will come when infrastructure spending starts. Once you see the backhoe loaders out there digging up, showing sign of activities, we will see flicker of growth in the coming months…by the first quarter of next fiscal, you will see palpable signs of growth,,” he added.
Stating that there is an opportunity for “the new India” under the current NDA regime to showcase itself to the world as business and political leaders gather at the summit in the next two days here, Mahindra said the steps taken by the government which “the world sees as incremental reforms”, would add up to big reforms. But it was also “time to for us walk the talk”, he added.
On her expectations going forward now that India has a new government, Chairperson and Editorial Director of HT Media Shobhana Bhartia said: “It is a very interesting period for us to pause and look and what has happened and what we can expect going forward. Specifically in connection with employment.”
“People keep talking about India’s demographic dividend,” she said, adding but the greatest challenge for India, which has 65 per cent of population under the age of 30-35 years, was to now find job for them”.
Stating that there is “a huge employability-education mismatch” she said “it needs to be addressed if we have to sustain the kind of growth we are looking at.”
India has undertaken a commitment to skill 500 million people by 2022, but it doesn’t have the capacity to do that and hence it needs to look at the education system, Bhartia added.
Agreeing with her, Mahindra said to prevent “demographic dividend from turning into a disaster” there was a need to enhance public-private partnership for creating the capacity to train people and generate jobs.

Finance minister signals wider economic reform  no timelineFinance minister signals wider economic reform  no timeline
Maruti Launches Alto K10Maruti Launches Alto K10
Sensex  Nifty hit fresh record high; top 10 intraday trading ideasSensex  Nifty hit fresh record high; top 10 intraday trading ideas
Gridlock stares Obama as Republicans make major gainsGridlock stares Obama as Republicans make major gains
Nikkei strikes 7-year high as dollar bashes yen; Fast Retailing shinesNikkei strikes 7-year high as dollar bashes yen; Fast Retailing shines
ICICI Bank opens 100th branch in OdishaICICI Bank opens 100th branch in Odisha
Open to privatising PSUs  infra funding: Jaitley @ WEFOpen to privatising PSUs  infra funding: Jaitley @ WEF
Roche to spend $470 m on diagnostics factory in ChinaRoche to spend $470 m on diagnostics factory in China
Reuters
Tweet
ZURICH, Nov 5:  
Swiss drugmaker Roche will spend 450 million Swiss francs ($470 million) over the next three years to build a new diagnostics manufacturing facility in China to meet rising Asian demand for clinical tests, the company said on Wednesday.
The facility, in Suzhou in eastern China, will employ more than 600 workers and produce immunochemistry and clinical chemistry tests, the Basel-based firm said in a statement.
"The new manufacturing site will enable us to meet the growing demand for our diagnostic products, ensuring our continuous contribution to the health of people in China and the Asia Pacific region," said Roland Diggelmann, head of Roche's diagnostics division.
The Suzhou facility will become Roche's eighth diagnostics manufacturing site worldwide when it becomes operational from 2018, Roche said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Gold  silver slump to fresh 4-year lows as sell-off extendsGold, silver slump to fresh 4-year lows as sell-off extends
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 5:  
Gold slid for a fifth session in six on Wednesday, tumbling to fresh four-year lows as a strong dollar kept investors away from the safe-haven asset and physical demand failed to provide the underlying support.
Silver tracked gold lower, hitting its lowest since early 2010, while platinum and palladium also fell.
Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust
Underscoring the lack of interest in bullion, holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the top gold-backed exchange traded fund, slumped to a fresh six-year low.
Physical buying
Physical buying of jewellery, coins and bars — which usually picks up at lower prices — has not emerged robustly enough to put a floor under prices.
“There is very little on the horizon that is bullish. Despite the trillions of dollars of stimulus over the past several years, most central bankers are worried about deflation, not inflation,’’ said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir.
“In addition, the roaring US equity markets continue to siphon off assets away from alternative investments, including gold,’’ he said.
The yellow metal is often seen as a hedge against inflation and financial uncertainties.
Spot gold, silver
Spot gold tumbled to $1,151.20 an ounce — its lowest since April 2010 — before recovering modestly to trade down 1.1 per cent at $1,154.68 by 0548 GMT.
Silver fell over 2 per cent to $15.58 — its lowest since February 2010.
Asian shares
Asian shares eased, while the dollar nursed modest losses early on Wednesday as investors decided to take some profits on a four-session rally that swept the greenback to multi-year highs against the yen and euro.
The dollar has been an investor favourite recently, hitting a four-year high against a basket of major currencies earlier this week.
A stronger greenback makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, and dulls its appeal as a hedge.
Investor appetite
The lack of investor appetite for gold was evident in outflows from the SPDR gold fund. Its holdings fell 0.32 per cent to 738.82 tonnes on Tuesday — its lowest since September 2008. The fund tends to influence investor sentiment due to the size of its holdings.
Physical demand
A sharp break in gold prices to their lowest levels in more than four years has prompted a pick-up in demand for coins in Europe and the United States.
But demand in top buyer China — seen as a key pillar of support for gold — has been disappointing. Strong Chinese buying is usually seen preventing more losses in gold. Chinese consumers have not shown much enthusiasm for gold on expectation that it will fall further.
On Wednesday, local prices on the Shanghai Gold Exchange dipped to a discount of about 50 cents an ounce to the global benchmark, indicating weak buying interest. Chinese prices had been at a discount on Monday but had gained to a small premium of up to $1 on Tuesday.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Reforms is not about one sensational idea: FM Arun Jaitley at WEFITO metro station to be opened to commuters early next year
After fighting the Lok Sabha elections on the promise of providing quickfix solutions to all economic ills in India, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said that ‘reform is not about one sensational idea’ and it will take a lot of time to rectify the the Indian economy.
Committing to more reforms and eliminating corruption, Jaitley said steps taken by the new government were aimed at creating fair and transparent business environment and ending crony capitalism.
The government was also looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws, the Minister said, while adding that the reforms can’t be just “one sensational idea”.
“You can damage the economy by one bad idea. Retrospective taxation is one bad idea that damaged the economy,” Jaitley said while speaking at the India Economic Summit here.
Recalling the steps taken by the NDA government to deal with coal block allocation problems, Jaitley said, as a result “the element of discretion in the hands of the state has almost disappeared and hence once you take decision of these kinds (it will) eliminate the possibility of corruption, collateral consideration or crony capitalism as you call it.”
The investors, he added, could look for a system “which is fair, not a system on which they have to entirely depend on the largesse of politicians and ministers.”
Similar reforms, he said, would be undertaken for allocation of natural resources and other minerals.
Reforms, Jaitley said, “is a long journey…. Some people expect that the second generation of reforms in India really needs one or two big bang ideas that probably is not the answer.
The Minister said that merely undoing wrongs of past would not cure all our problems. “So we began on a journey and I believe that the pit was reasonably deep. And therefore rectifying it will require a lot of time”.
The Summit is being organised by Geneva-based World Economic Forum (WEF) and industry chamber CII.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Economic Reforms Indian Economy WEF
More from economy

War on black money: Modi govt turns to Indian banksBlack Money
(Banks will be asked to pierce…)
NEW DELHI: The government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who reiterated his pledge to battle black money on Sunday, is roping in banks to spearhead the bid to unearth wealth that's been salted away behind the facade of trusts, special purpose vehicles and other complex corporate structures often used to evade taxes.
Banks will be asked to pierce the veil to ascertain the actual owners of such accounts, according to a new set of rules being framed by the Central Board of Direct Taxes. "The rules are under preparation... These should be made public in a month," said a finance ministry official aware of the move. The new regime will take effect from the next financial year.
The details thus obtained will also help India exchange information under the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), besides a new global protocol from September 2015.
Even the Special Investigation Team on black money, set up by the government at the direction of the SC, has identified tackling tax evasion effectively as one of its key focus areas.
The rules are part of the groundwork being put in place by India to deal with a new world order in which banking secrecy rules can't be used to conceal wrongdoing and also to strengthen the hands of domestic tax authorities in line with the new government's focus.
Black money has been a priority for the government from the start, with SIT being set up on its first day in office. Arun Jaitley last week urged tax officials to pursue domestic tax evaders. Prime Minister said on Sunday in a radio address that recovery of black money from abroad was an article of faith and a commitment.
New Delhi has been at the forefront of the international effort for meaningful exchange of information and is among the first few that will begin sharing bank data on an automatic basis from September 2017.
India may have skipped signing the key OECD protocol last week on this but is hopeful of doing so once it gets clarity from the apex court on confidentiality of data under such treaties and is therefore preparing the groundwork for this.
The hiccup has come as the SC last week demanded a list of names that India had obtained from governments overseas. The apex court has to decide whether such disclosures are permissible despite the secrecy clauses attached to global and bilateral treaties. The government's position is that names should only be revealed if there is enough evidence to justify prosecution. It is under deadline pressure on FATCA, which needs to be signed by December 31.
The automatic information exchange framework will strengthen the country's tax authorities in their fight against evasion as it entails flow of data on bank accounts, interest income, royalties and dividend besides account balances.
This implies that after 2018, India will be able to get data on its citizens from Mauritius and tax havens such as the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands and others. India and some other countries will start automatic information exchange in 2017 but all others will have to do so by 2018.
The government had in this year's budget amended Section 285 BA of the I-T Act — that deals with the filing of annual information return — to give it more teeth. Under the provision, transactions above a certain limit need to be reported by entities dealing with them. These include a Rs 10 lakh deposit or withdrawal in a savings bank account, Rs 2 lakh credit card spending in a year, Rs 2 lakh investment in a mutual fund, Rs 5 lakh in bonds and fixed deposits, Rs 1 lakh in stocks and Rs 30 lakh in real estate.
The provision empowered CBDT to frame rules and notify the entities and types of financial transactions that will need to be reported and in what format.
"With a view to facilitate effective exchange of information in respect of residents and non-residents, it is proposed to amend the said section so as to also provide for furnishing of statement by a prescribed reporting financial institution in respect of a specified financial transaction or reportable account to the prescribed income-tax authority," the memorandum to the Finance Bill said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung Galaxy Note 4: Review & VerdictSamsung Galaxy Note 4: Review & Verdict
3 Nov, 2014
Tweet
Text: Ravi Sharma, TOI Tech
When Samsung launched its Galaxy Note phablet four years ago, everyone scoffed at two of its features, the screen size and the stylus. Of course, the series went on to become a hit, defined by the same screen size and stylus that naysayers were quick to put down.
Fast forward four years and for the first time we see that Samsung has not increased the screen size in the Note series (over the previous year).
The Note 4 stylus too performs nearly all of the same functions as the one in its predecessor.
In fact, there are only a few differences between the two phablets, but are they meaningful enough to warrant an upgrade?
Should this phablet be your next buy at Rs 58,000? Find out in our Samsung Galaxy Note 4 review...

New Maruti Alto K10 Starts at Rs. 3.06 LakhYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Revamps Alto K10 to Counter Slow India Recovery
Reuters | Updated On: November 03, 2014 20:32 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Maruti Suzuki, which sells almost one in two cars in India, is betting a new version of its bestselling model will help it retain a stranglehold on the budget market, even as it courts wealthier buyers to fend off a slowdown in sales.
Maruti on Monday unveiled a new version of its entry-level Alto -- India's most popular car last year -- with automatic gear shift technology, a feature usually reserved for pricier cars in the Indian market.
Automatic cars are still rare in India but they have the potential to be popular in a country where roads are often in poor condition and traffic snarl-ups are a daily feature of urban driving.
At Rs 380,187, the Alto K10 is the Indian market's cheapest automatic car -- a position previously held by Maruti's compact sedan Celerio at about Rs 410,000.
"Definitely, Maruti is moving up the price ladder and that is obviously in tune with the expectation of the urban consumers," said Puneet Gupta, associate director at consultants IHS Automotive.
"On the other hand, we have 70 percent of the population living in rural (areas) and with the network that Maruti has, definitely they are not losing sight of that consumer also."
Maruti Suzuki is preparing for what it has said will be a period of slower sales in the coming months. Sales of Maruti's passenger cars fell 1.1 percent in October from a year ago, breaking five consecutive months of increase.s
It warned last week of slower growth in the second half, dampening expectations of a rapid recovery in an auto market that is hobbling back after two weak years.
"NEW CARS, BETTER TECHNOLOGY"
Part of the effort to counter that slow return to health is a move up-market, to cash in on India's growing urban middle class and improving consumer sentiment under Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government, elected earlier this year.
Best known as the brand that made cars affordable for Indian families with the Maruti 800 in the 1980s, Maruti took a second stab at the premium sedan market with the launch of the Ciaz car in October and has set an aggressive sales target for itself.
It plans to launch its first sports utility vehicle (SUV) between April and June 2015 to capitalise on one of the fastest-growing car categories, dominated by Ford Motor Co and Renault SA, in Asia's third-largest economy.
But it hopes to hold on to its historic area of strength at the budget end too, the company said, thanks to innovations like the new automatic Alto.
"People are trying to come into the right products because the small car (market) is now getting crowded," said Maruti CFO Ajay Seth said last week after the company reported quarterly earnings.
"We have to bring in new products, better technology," said Seth, adding automatic cars and SUVs were two such examples.
That, it hopes, will help it keep customers even as their wealth rises -- rather than watch them trade in their Maruti for Honda Motor Co and Hyundai Motor Co.
Passenger car sales in India, expected to be the third-largest market by 2018, are forecast to rise between 5 and 10 percent this fiscal year, after two years of declining sales.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sanofi Says First Dengue Vaccine May be Available in H2 2015You are here: Home Corporates
Sanofi Says First Dengue Vaccine May be Available in H2 2015
Reuters | Updated On: November 04, 2014 08:11 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Paris: Sanofi said on Monday that a late-stage clinical study showed that its dengue vaccine candidate met its main goal and was highly effective against severe cases of the disease.
The French drugmaker's Sanofi Pasteur division intends to file for registration for the vaccine in several endemic countries next year, it said in a statement.
"Subject to regulatory approval, the world's first dengue vaccine could be available in the second half of 2015," Sanofi said.
The Phase III study involved 31,000 participants across 10 endemic countries in Asia and Latin America, Sanofi said. Every year, an estimated 500,000 people are hospitalised due to severe dengue, according to the drugmaker.
Sanofi has invested more than $1.7 billion in the past 20 years in developing the vaccine, which is several years ahead of potential competitors. The firm has built a dedicated factory near Lyon in southern France with capacity to produce 100 million doses a year.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

ET Review: Motorola Moto GET Review: Motorola Moto G
3 Nov, 2014
Tweet
Hitesh Bhagat, ET Bureau
There were some very good reasons for the success of the first Moto G - a solid (if not dazzling) design, good performance, stock Android, a nice screen and a price that left the competition fumbling for their drawing boards.
The second generation Moto G carries forward much of the same tradition but with a few updates.

iPhone 6 versus Galaxy Note 4: Is bigger betterApple iPhone 6 versus Samsung Galaxy Note 4
3 Nov, 2014
Tweet
Ashutosh Desai, TNN
Apple and Samsung have been at it for years; pitting their flagship devices against one another. We review their freshest offerings, the iPhone 6 and the Galaxy Note 4...
The 85,000 square feet space is divided into various themes, like super models and fashion mag...
 
This year's weirdest questions come courtesy of Apple, Twitter, Goldman Sachs, Google, Amazon,...
 
New York's biggest subway hub opened Sunday in lower Manhattan _ a vital link between the new ...
 
>
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

IT dept to pass ex parte order agnst overseas accYou are here: Home > Collections
Income Tax department may pass ex parte order against overseas account holders
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
HSBC India
(The government has pledged…)
NEW DELHI: The income-tax department could pass ex parte orders against overseas account holders who don't cooperate or appear before the authorities as it rushes to complete investigations in five months.
"We could look at ex parte assessment orders," said a government official familiar with the matter. The government has pledged to the Supreme Court that it will meet a March 2015 deadline for completing assessments of 627 account holders.
These names figure in the list passed on to the apex court last week after the latter insisted the government do so. The list was given to the Special Investigation Team inquiring into the matter, although the government is said to have already done so anyway in June.
Apart from the aforementioned deadline, the cases will become time-barred by March when a six-year limit runs out, which means the tax authorities won't be able to take any action or raise tax demands after that date.
Hence, the need to consider drastic action in the event of delaying tactics on the part of account holders. Prosecution, however, can still be initiated for non-disclosure of bank accounts.
Ex parte or best-judgement assessment orders are passed when a taxpayer does not cooperate or present himself despite being given several opportunities to do so by the authorities. However, it's up to the authorities concerned to make sure they have a strong case, else such orders could get struck down.
"Proper procedures have to be followed for an assessment to stand the test of judicial scrutiny," said an income-tax official.
In case an assessee does not have assets and recovery cannot be carried out, tax authorities have the option of getting passports and visas revoked.
The Narendra Modi government is committed to fighting black money, sending out a strong message to the authorities dealing with such cases that there cannot be any letup, officials have said. The prime minister reiterated his determination to get funds illegally stashed overseas back to India in his radio address on Sunday.
The government's efforts got a boost last month when Switzerland agreed to provide information in respect of account holders regarding whom India can establish that independent investigations have been carried out. Switzerland had denied requests for information before this, saying the names of account holders were derived from stolen data. The list given to the Supreme Court largely contains names of account holders given to India by the French authorities.
Having to give the names to the court has clouded the issue of disclosure norms that are inherent in global and bilateral treaties and whether this would weaken India's ability to accede to such accords even though the country has been a champion of such information exchange.
As part of the ongoing investigation, the tax authorities have also received information from HSBC India in select cases where assessees have come forward and owned up to the accounts.
If the tax authorities can establish a linkage between accounts and funds that are unaccounted for, holders could find themselves in trouble.
"Taxpayers will find it difficult to contest if they have not extended cooperation to tax authorities despite several opportunities given," said Sunil Jain, partner at law firm J Sagar & Associates.
However, Jain said tax officials will have to ensure that the case is sound and that ex parte orders were passed only after lack of cooperation. The establishment of the Special Investigation Team at the behest of the apex court to closely monitor cases on black money could make it more challenging for non-cooperative taxpayers, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIIs Hike Stake in HDFC to Record-High of Nearly 78%Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New Delhi: Emerging as one of the most-liked stocks for foreign funds, mortgage giant HDFC has seen overseas investors raising their stake in the company to a record-high of nearly 78 per cent during the quarter ended September 2014.
The mortgage financier has also become the first listed Indian company among 30 Sensex firms to have over 75 per cent shareholding by foreign institutional investors (FIIs).
Cumulative FII holdings in the company rose to 77.85 per cent in the July-September quarter this year from 73.09 per cent in three months ended September last year, according to data from stock exchanges.
In the April-June quarter of 2014, FIIs' holding in HDFC stood at 77.36 per cent.
Moreover, shareholding of overseas players or FIIs in HDFC has been steadily rising since September last year. The rise of overseas shareholding in the mortgage lender, one of the highest among the country's 30 listed blue-chip companies, coincides with overall bullishness shown by foreign entities in the Indian stock market.
According to market experts, overseas investors have shown interest in HDFC because of the smart returns given by the company.
In May 2012, HDFC's board had approved raising FII limit in the company to 100 per cent.
During the July-September quarter, HDFC shares surged by 6.25 per cent, as against 4.78 per cent gain in BSE's benchmark Sensex.
In the same period, FIIs have invested a staggering sum of more than Rs 23,000 crore in the Indian equities on the back of ongoing reform initiatives taken by the central government.
Besides, the overall holding of institutional investors also rose to 88.17 per cent during July-September period of this year from 88.01 per cent at the end of June 30, 2014, mostly on account of additional share purchases by FIIs.
The domestic institutional holdings stood at 10.32 per cent as on September 30, 2014, down from 10.65per cent in April-June quarter of 2014.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 14:08 (IST)

Thomas Cook s Arm to Acquire 49% Stake in MFXchange HoldingsBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Travel firm Thomas Cook India today said its arm IKYA has entered into a definitive agreement with Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd to acquire 49 per cent stake in MFXchange Holdings, Inc (MFX), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fairfax.
The integration of MFX with IKYA will result in the formation of the Global Technology Services Group (GTS Group) marking IKYA's entry into the IT Services and Solutions space in the North American market, Thomas Cook said in a BSE filing.
"IKYA, a subsidiary of Thomas Cook, entered into a definitive agreement on November 3, 2014 with Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd to acquire 49 per cent stake in MFXchange Holdings, Inc (MFX), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fairfax," the company said.
Thomas Cook has also appointed Vikram Gulati as President of GTS Group.
"Vikram will be responsible for both strategic and operational aspects of the IT business. He will report to Ajit Isaac, MD and Chairman IKYA Group and will be based out of New Delhi," the company added.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 15:28 (IST)

Gold price ends steady on low buying by jewellersGold prices remain steady in thin trade as jewellers cut buying on hopes of price fall
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 16:57 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold prices remained steady at Rs 26,350 per ten gram at the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) in the national capital on Tuesday as jewellers deferred their buying activity on hopes of a fall in the prices of the yellow metal in coming days amid a weak global trend.
Traders said lack of buying support from retailers and jewellers who preferred to keep their activity restricted, anticipating further fall in coming days, mainly kept gold prices unchanged.
However, silver prices remained under pressure and fell further by Rs 100 to Rs 35,950 per kg owing to slackened demand from industrial units and coin makers.
Gold in Singapore, which normally determines prices in the domestic bullion market, traded at an almost four year-low of $1,165.70 an ounce, on expectations that the US Federal Reserve is preparing to raise interest rates while other central banks add stimulus, boosting the dollar and hurting bullion demand. Silver also fell by 1 per cent to $15.98 an ounce.
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity held steady at Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per ten gram respectively, while sovereign traded at last level of Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready remained under selling pressure and moved further down by Rs 100 to Rs 35,950 per kg, while weekly-based delivery rebounded by Rs 600 to Rs 35,940 per kg on speculative buying.
The white metal dropped by Rs 1,000 to Rs 59,000 for buying and Rs 60,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Stocks cool as crude hits multiyear lowsStocks cool as crude hits multiyear lows
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77b18590-63cc-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil hits 4-year low after Saudi discountLast updated: November 5, 2014 7:46 am
Oil continues to tumble after Saudi discount
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb1f7b0e-6415-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Military detainee brought from Afghanistan to US for trialTuesday's appearance represents the Obama administration's latest attempt to show that it can use the criminal court system to deal with terror suspects.
By: Associated Press | Richmond | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:26 pm
A Russian member of the Taliban has made his first appearance in a court in the state of Virginia, marking the first time a military detainee from Afghanistan has been brought to the US for trial.
Tuesday’s appearance represents the Obama administration’s latest attempt to show that it can use the criminal court system to deal with terror suspects. His arraignment on 12 charges has been set for Friday morning.
US officials say Irek Hamidullan is a Russian veteran of the Soviet war in Afghanistan who defected to the Taliban. He was captured in 2009 after an attack on Afghan border police and US soldiers. He had been held at the US Parwan detention facility at Bagram airfield ever since. He faces up to life in prison if convicted.

IMF slammed over support for austerityInternational Monetary Fund criticised over support for austerity
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b077fd0-6431-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iraq: Shiites mark holy day in defiance of jihadistsHuge crowds of Shiites gathered in Iraq and Lebanon on Tuesday to mark a key holy day in defiance of jihadists.
By: Agence-France Presse | Karbala | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:59 pm
Huge crowds of Shiites gathered in Iraq and Lebanon on Tuesday to mark a key holy day in defiance of jihadists from the Islamic State group.
Police and troops were out in force as hundreds of thousands of pilgrims massed in the Iraqi shrine city of Karbala to commemorate Ashura.
Tens of thousands more rallied in Beirut, where the head of the Shiite militant Hezbollah movement, Hassan Nasrallah, pledged “victory” against the Sunni extremists of IS.
This year’s marking of the day has taken on new meaning after IS seized control of large parts of Iraq and Syria.
The jihadists consider Shiites heretics and have targeted them in deadly attacks, a string of which killed more than 40 people in Baghdad alone in the 48 hours preceding the peak of Ashura today.
This year’s commemorations are “about defying (IS) because they declared their hostility and made threats to kill Muslims and bomb the cities and holy shrines,” said Saad Jabbar, 54, who came to Karbala from Dhi Qar province in the south.
The commemorations mark the killing of Imam Hussein, the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed, by the army of the Caliph Yazid in 680 AD, which helped solidify the divide between what would become the Sunni and Shiite branches of Islam.
A small minority of Shiites mark the day with a self-flagellation ritual called “tatbeer”, cutting their heads with swords and spears in mourning for the imam.
Hundreds were seen on the streets of Karbala with blood flowing down their heads and over their white robes after the ritual self-harming, which has been condemned by some Shiite clerics.
Thousands dressed in black took part in a ritual run to the shrine of Imam Hussein, before men on horseback re-enacted an attack on his camp, setting fire to a tent that collapsed in a sheet of flame, sending a dark cloud of smoke rising over a massive crowd.
There were no reports of attacks against the pilgrims in Iraq today, after more than 25,000 members of the security forces were deployed in Karbala itself and thousands more in Baghdad and along routes to the city.
In Beirut, Nasrallah told supporters in the city’s southern suburbs that Sunni radicals, known as takfiris, “have no future”.
“These takfiris will be defeated in all areas and countries, and we will feel honoured that we played a role in their defeat,” he said by video link.
Hezbollah has sent thousands of fighters into neighbouring Syria to support the troops of President Bashar al-Assad against the mainly Sunni rebels battling his regime.

http://usat.ly/1EgBD4oFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Lexus lets Instagram fans customize a sporty RC-F
LAS VEGAS -- When you throw open the design of a new sports car to 92,113 fans, critics and other voters on social media, you just don't know what you'll get. But Toyota luxury division Lexus decided to give
Post to Facebook
Lexus lets Instagram fans customize a sporty RC-F LAS VEGAS -- When you throw open the design of a new sports car to 92,113 fans, critics and other voters on social media, you just don't know what you'll get. But Toyota luxury division Lexus decided to give Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tYay2o
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Lexus lets Instagram fans customize a sporty RC-F
USA TODAY's Chris Woodyard talks with Lexus' Brian Bolain about the RC-F sports car that was customized based on suggestions from the brand's followers on Instragram. It's a brave experiment in social media. Leslie Smith/USA TODAY
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 1:52 p.m. EST November 6, 2014
Lexus executive Brian Bolain poses in front of the Lexus RC-F shown at the SEMA trade show in Las Vegas. Behind the car are Stefannie Bernstein, social media strategist for Lexus, and the builder, Clark Ishihara of the VIP Auto Salon, in Orange, Calif.
(Photo: Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY)
842 CONNECT 34 TWEET 40 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
LAS VEGAS -- When you throw open the design of a new sports car to 92,113 fans, critics and other voters on social media, you just don't know what you'll get.
But Toyota luxury division Lexus decided to give it a try, giving its Instagram followers a list of choices on its page on the popular social media service that would go into the customizing a RC-F luxury sports car. The result appears to have turned out strikingly well, Lexus officials say, as the car made its public debut Tuesday at the SEMA aftermarket parts show here in Las Vegas.
The Instagram experiment became an interesting way to build an audience for the RC-F, a high-performance sports car. The promotion was also aimed at showing enthusiasts how they can customize their own RC-F, which went on sale this week with a starting price of $63,325, including shipping charges.
Lexus executive Brian Bolain says he's "ecstatic" about how well the car turned out. "They went for what pushes the envelope" in looks and design, he says. It also helped the brand put a little more trust into the power of sites like Instagram. "We're feeling comfortable with social media," Bolain says. What he considered the most surprising choice?: The unique "sea foam" paint color.
He says it isn't the first attempt to tap into the power of social. Previously, Lexus let its online followers name a paint color. "Molten Pearl Orange" won out, beating such creative choices as "Clockwork Orange." This time, Instagram's fans of Lexus could choose the paint color, wheels, interior trim touches like the steering wheel and seats on the Lexus RC-F for the SEMA aftermarket car parts trade show, going on here.
The RC-F Instagram promotion drew an outpouring of likes or comments , says Stefannie Bernstein, social media strategist for Lexus USA. Voting was held from Oct. 6 to Oct. 14, which didn't leave much time for Clark Ishihara of the VIP Auto Salon in Orange, Calif., where we were able to get a sneak peek at the car, to build it. A video crew documented the process .
In the end, some of the choices besides the color included 20-inch Forged Vossen CVT wheels, Nitto Invo tires, black Brembo brake calipers, a Lexon gray exterior body kit and a steering wheel with alcantara grips.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tYay2o
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

DLF  Hexaware  Jindal Steel & Power in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
DLF, Hexaware, Jindal Steel & Power in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: November 05, 2014 09:19 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened positive on Wednesday. Foreign investors continued to remain buyers of Indian equities as they had bought shares worth Rs 1,413 crore on Monday in cash market. However domestic investors sold shares worth Rs 1,183 crore in the cash market.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
DLF: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) will decide today if DLF should be allowed to redeem its mutual fund holding. DLF on Monday had sought approval of the Securities and Exchange Board of India to redeem Rs. 1,600 crore from its mutual fund investments.
Jindal Steel & Power reported in-line set of earnings for the July-September quarter of FY15. Its net profit declined 2 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) to Rs 442 crore, while revenues increased 6 per cent y-o-y to Rs 5,143 crore.
Bharti Airtel will hike rentals on its post-paid plans by about 12 per cent from December in the Delhi circle.
Thomas Cook's arm IKYA has signed a definitive agreement to acquire 49 per cent stake in Fairfax's MFXchange Holdings as it plans to enter into the IT services solution space in the North America.
GAIL India has signed an agreement with State Oil Company of Republic of Azerbaijan (SOCAR) for jointly pursuing LNG opportunities.
Thermax reported better-than-estimated earnings for the July-September quarter of FY15 on Tuesday. The company reported a net profit of Rs 86 crore on sale of Rs 1,181 crore in the Q2. Thermax had reported a net profit of Rs 30.2 crore on sale of Rs 1,029.6 crore in the same quarter last fiscal.
Torrent Power reported better-than-estimated earnings for the Q2 of FY 15. The company reported a net profit of Rs 23 crore against a loss of Rs 29 crore y-o-y in the Q2. Its revenue increased 18 per cent y-o-y to Rs 2,624 crore in the reporting period.
Hero MotoCorp is planning to enter into the European market in 2015. In the first phase it plans to launch in Italy, Spain and France and in the second phase it will launch in UK and Germany. The company is looking for potential partners to get into Europe.
Bata India, Colgate Palmolive, Escorts, Hexaware will report their earnings for the July-September quarter of FY15 today.
Indian Overseas Bank: Global rating agency Standard & Poor's has lowered the credit rating of Indian Overseas Bank to BB+ from BBB-, indicating speculative grade, citing deterioration in asset quality.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 09:19 (IST)

Delhi elections: BJP to fight without CM face  to rely on  Brand ModiComments
The BJP will fight the Delhi assembly elections without a chief ministerial face, banking instead on ‘Brand Modi’ for a repeat of the party’s winning performance in Maharashtra and Haryana.
However, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), seen as its main rival, said it would be a contest between its chief Arvind Kejriwal and Jagdish Mukhi, a Delhi BJP veteran earlier seen as a frontrunner for the CM’s chair.
The party positions became clearer Tuesday coinciding with the Union cabinet approving dissolution of the assembly and setting the ball rolling for the elections, likely to be held in February next year.
 
Lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung had recommended dissolving the House to the Centre after the BJP, Congress and AAP on Monday expressed inability to form government and sought a fresh mandate. It ended months of uncertainty that began with the Kejriwal government quitting on February 14 after just 49 days in power and President’s rule being imposed three days later.
The election commission recently announced bypolls to three assembly seats — necessitated by the BJP members being elected to the Lok Sabha in the summer — but this will now be cancelled. The panel will, instead, start preparations for the assembly polls.
 
The BJP — with 29 MLAs (including one from SAD) in the 67-member House —initially explored the possibility of forming a government with the support of ‘rebel’ MLAs from the Congress and AAP, sources said. It apparently backed off after none of its claimants for the CM’s post could get the support of six additional legislators — the number needed to reach the magic halfway mark.
 
Then came the victories in Maharashtra and Haryana, reinforcing the idea of a ‘Modi wave’ and infusing fresh confidence in the Delhi BJP. The party expects to do well in the next round of polls in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too, and feels the momentum will carry on to the Capital.
HT had reported Monday that the BJP would stick to its tried-and-tested formula of going faceless and relying on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“Our party believes in collective leadership and that is how we fought in Haryana and Maharashtra. We will get a clear majority this time too and afterwards, whoever the collective leadership decides will lead the state. Our focus is on winning the elections,” Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay told HT.
Sources also said there was no consensus yet on a CM candidate and in such circumstances, declaring one could affect the party’s prospects. In the last elections in December 2013, the BJP had declared Harsh Vardhan, now Union health minister, its CM candidate.
Contrary to the BJP’s position, AAP (with 28 MLAs) is clear about its choice — Kejriwal — and insists it will be Mukhi on the other side. “He is the main BJP leader. Tell me a better name,” the former CM said Tuesday.
Asked if he was scared of Modi, he said, “Will he resign as PM and fight for the CM’s post? It’s Mukhi who will be the BJP’s choice in Delhi.”
“We are confident of winning at least 45 seats. We are confident the people of Delhi will bless us,” Kejriwal added.

Srei Infra NCD Mops Rs 332 Crore from MarketYou are here: Home Corporates
Srei Infra NCD Mops Rs 332 Crore from Market
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 14:35 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Kolkata: Srei Infrastructure Finance Limited has said its secured redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs) was over-subscribed by 1.33 times to Rs 332 crore. The NCD base issue was Rs 250 crore, it said in a statement.
The issue had opened for subscription on September 29, 2014 and closed on October 31, 2014. Srei had filed shelf prospectus for raising Rs 1,500 crore from the market.
Srei group CEO, (liability and treasury), said: "We are extremely delighted by our NCD issue getting overwhelming support from investors to get oversubscribed 1.33 times in difficult market conditions.
"The oversubscription also indicates a growing retail appetite for secure investment products. As part of our strategy to expand our retail investor base, we will continue to periodically tap the market with NCDs".
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 14:32 (IST)

Education birth right of every child: SatyarthiBJP working to erode institution of reservation: Mayawati
Stressing on the significance of knowledge in the fight against child labour, Nobel Peace prize winner Kailash Satyarthi today said learning should be the “birth right” of every child and that denial of education is totally unacceptable.
Speaking at an event organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Satyarthi even went on to say that the denial of education to a child was “no less than violence inflicted on him”.
“We have to acknowledge the fact that denial of education to a child is also violence. Just as Bal Gangadhar Tilak spoke of Swaraj being our birth right, learning should be considered a birth right as well,” he said at the event which was organised to felicitate him.
Stating that we are living in the age of the “knowledge economy”, Satyarthi said that quality education is “the key to liberation which should empower an individual’s employability, significantly bringing down resentment in our society”.
He listed five factors — what he called ‘4-E’s and 1-Q’ — as he laid out his road map for a sustainable society: namely Education, Employability, Entrepreneurship, Efficiency and Quality.
Lamenting the absence of a global agency dedicated solely to children-related issues — notwithstanding the work being done by the likes of UNICEF and ILO — Satyarthi highlighted the need for an organisation which would fight for the emancipation of children.
Talking about the most challenging moment he has faced till date, Satyarthi recollected an event wherein he was badly beaten during a rescue drive.
“During a drive to rescue a few girls from a circus which was being run by a drug mafia, my son and I were severely beaten up and had to be admitted in the emergency ward of a hospital. It’s another matter that the very next day we were back to work with a smile,” Satyarthi said.
Drawing attention to the lack of corporate involvement in the fight against child labour, industrialist Rahul Bajaj, who was also present on the occasion, promised to assist Satyarthi in his endeavours.
“I confess to have not known you before the prize was bestowed, but now that the world is saluting you, I promise to assist you in every possible way,” Bajaj said.
Satyarthi, 60, was on October 10 named for this year’s Nobel Peace prize along with Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai. He has been working for child rights for over 30 years through Bachpan Bachao Andolan, the NGO which is credited with freeing over 80,000 child labourers across India.
TAGS: Child Education Kailash Satyarthi Kailash Satyarthi Children Education Nobel Peace Kailash Satyarthi
More from miscellaneous

Japanese equities take a breatherStocks rise on Republican win and jobs data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4c11ef0-649a-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kolkata port on high alert after terror threat  two navy warships moved outOn its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Sensex hits 28k-mark to log new lifetime highMARKET UPDATE: Sensex hits 28K-mark, Nifty scales new high on reforms hope
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 17:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The BSE Sensex on Wednesday breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank .
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
"Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies", said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the limelight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday. 
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
"Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates," Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close on Thursday on account of "Gurunanak Jayanti".

Govt plans Rs 10 000 crore fund to create te...Government plans Rs 10,000 crore fund to create tech giants
By TNN | 5 Nov, 2014, 09.50AM IST
The government will route the money through venture capital funds that are focused on electronics hardware and IT startups.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The journey of tech behemoths like Google, Apple and Facebook, from startups to global giants, has caught the fancy of the Indian government , which is planning a Rs 10,000-crore electronics development fund to support ambitious startups in attaining scale.
The government feels that India needs to incubate tech giants from its soil, like those emanating from the West, as the country has a fast-growing mass of internet users and possesses a rich list of highly-skilled techies. The basic groundwork for kick-starting the initiative has been completed.
"It is in the process of finalization and we will get an approval very soon," a source in the ministry of information technology told TOI. This is a different fund from the Rs 10,000-crore venture fund announced in the Budget for startups in micro, small and medium enterprise (MSMEs).
The government will not make the investments directly, but will rather route the money through venture capital funds that are focused on electronics hardware and IT startups. "We will take small subscription in them. Thus, we will invest in the capital of the fellows who do the investments," the source said.
Elaborating on the idea behind the creation of the fund, the source added, "Innovations are not happening in our country, products are not being made in our country. We are, at best, a labour market. Our highly-qualified boys and girls are doing research in Bangalore and other labs, but they are essentially creating intellectual property products for foreign companies. Why can't we have our own products where we have our own intellectual property rights?"
The government feels that India has missed the bus in terms of creating technology giants, both in software and electronics hardware. "For example, in software, a Google or a Facebook or a Microsoft Office has not been developed in India. Despite being such a big IT power, India has not been able to make any products. We are able to do just services," the source added. The government will create the electronic development fund to make the investments. "We are not directly funding the startups, but rather we will collaborate with some venture capital funds," the source said.
The segments earmarked for funds include electronics, components and software. "The idea is to create a startup culture, a product culture, and innovation," the source said. Both domestic and foreign venture capital funds will be targeted by the government to route its investments.

Hexaware Tech surges 8% on strong Q3 resultHexaware Tech surges 8% on strong Q3 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
Atul Nishar
(Total income increased…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Hexaware Technologies , a global provider of IT, BPO and consulting services, surged over 8 per cent in trade after reporting robust set of numbers for quarter ended September 2014.
The company's Q3 net profit jumped 12.34 per cent to Rs 86.02 crore from Rs 76.57 crore in previous quarter.
Total income increased to Rs 670.61 crore in July-September quarter, up 9.86 per cent, from Rs 610.38 crore a quarter ago.
Hexaware has seen early signs of a turnaround in revenue growth with Q-o-Q growth of 7.9 per cent in $ terms and 9.9 per cent in rupee terms and an improvement in margins. I remain optimistic of our growth prospects going forward," said Atul Nishar , Chairman , Hexaware Technologies.
The company has declared a third interim dividend of Rs 2.35 per share on equity shares of Rs 2 each. The record date is fixed as Thursday, 13th November 2014 for determining the shareholders entitled for this third interim dividend of the year 2014.
This would result in a cash outflow of Rs 85.2 crores for dividend payment including tax, amounting to a dividend payout ratio of 99 per cent for Q3 2014.
At 10:20 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 210.25, up 6.89 per cent, on the BSE. It rallied 8.28 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 213 in early trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Which Supreme Court nominees from President Obama could be confirmed in Summer 2015By Eugene Volokh November 4 Follow @volokhc
A parlor game for Supreme Court junkies. Say that one of the Justices retires in Summer 2015 or thereabouts — health reasons would presumably be the only reason this would happen, but unfortunately that is always possible. Which Supreme Court nominees from President Obama could be confirmed then?
I take it the Republicans would look very bad if they just refuse to confirm any nominees at all for a year and a half. They know it; the President knows it; they know the President knows it. So some Democratic nominees from President Obama would likely go through — who do you think the President would be willing to nominate, and the Republicans would be willing to confirm?
UPDATE: Tony Mauro had something related to this in September, in the National Law Journal . An excerpt:
That political overlay makes the prediction game harder than usual, dependent on a number of variables, including timing, the nominee’s race, gender and background — and most importantly, whom the nominee would replace….
An Obama nominee to replace [Justice] Ginsburg [if she chooses to retire] would be a woman, so the number of female justices would not drop to two out of nine.
D.C. Circuit Judge Millett, or U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., are frequently mentioned names. Klobuchar could benefit from the tradition — sometimes ignored — that senators confirm their own for other positions.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Republicans take over US Senate; how it ll impact the stocks markets & brent crudeInvestors eye opportunities as Republicans take US Senate
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.58AM IST
Republican Senate candidates picked up formerly Democratic seats in Iowa, North Carolina, Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The Republican takeover of the US Senate on Tuesday could lead to new legislative measures that directly effect the energy sector and other slices of the equities market.
Republican Senate candidates picked up formerly Democratic seats in Iowa, North Carolina, Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas, more than the six gains needed for a majority in that chamber.
With Republican control of both houses of Congress and a Democrat in the White House, political analysts expect more of the gridlock that has characterized most of the six years of President Barack Obama's tenure.
"There aren't too many surprises here, and I don't think markets will react negatively, or positively on this," said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.
Investors with a stake in the energy sector, the sole industry group in the S&P 500 with negative year-to-date returns, hope Republican control of the Senate will speed up approval of oil and gas pipelines, reform crude and natural gas export laws, and motivate the Obama administration to include those energy exports in new, or broader, trade agreements.
Many voters are giddy about gasoline prices under $3 a gallon, but still no party wants to be in charge of lifting a ban that could result in gasoline prices rising again. So politicians have room to maneuver around the issue, opening the possibility for a spike in volatility in that sector.
It is also possible that an emboldened Republican Party will attempt to force budget cuts and consider another battle over the debt ceiling in 2015, which could sap market confidence. Equity markets have been damaged in the recent past by such battles - most notably in 2011, when a budget fight led to the first-ever downgrade of the US credit rating .
"Republicans who want to make a run for control of the Executive branch in 2016 will likely strike a tone of compromise," said Jacobsen, but "those on the fringe will likely look to turn the showdown into a shutdown."
S&P E-mini futures were up 4.75 points, or 0.2 per cent, late on Tuesday.
Other issues that may also find traction under Republicans include a potential repeal of the medical-device tax that is part of the Affordable Care Act, which could be a positive for the healthcare technology sector. Republicans could also try to slow adoption of online gaming, which could boost casino stocks.
History shows a bullish bias in stocks after midterm elections. Since 1928, the S&P 500 has posted a median return of 7 per cent in the 90 days after a midterm, with returns positive 86 per cent of the time, according to Barclays.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Hot-air balloon lands near Ajmer prison  probe orderedComments
A hot-air balloon with two foreigners and a pilot on board went astray after taking off from Pushkar fair and landed near the premises of central prison in Ajmer district, prompting authorities to order an inquiry.
District authorities have withdrawn permission from the private company for flying hot-air balloons following Tuesday's incident at the fair, which is visited by tens of thousands of tourists from the country and abroad every year.
According to officials, three hot-air balloons which were flown at the fair went astray yesterday. One of them, which had two women tourists from abroad and a pilot on board, landed near the boundary wall of the central jail after hovering over Ajmer city.
Superintendent of Police Mahendra Singh said that the location where the balloon landed was close to the main complex of the jail.
"We are investigating the matter and action will be taken if any rule has been violated," he said.
 After the incident, District Collector Arushi Malik appointed a three-member committee headed by the Additional Collector to probe the matter.
 She said that permission to the company to operate at the fair has been cancelled. The company had permission to operate till November 6.
Ajmer Jail Superintendent Pradeep Lakhawat said a report would be submitted to the committee by the jail.
No FIR has been registered in this matter so far.
The holy city of Pushkar is nearly 150 kilometres from Rajasthan capital Jaipur and hosts one of the biggest livestock fairs in the world. It is a popular tourist destination

Services sector growth stagnates in Oct: HSBCServices sector growth stagnates in October on weaker growth of new business orders
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 13:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
Services sector activity in India stagnated during October amid weaker growth of new business orders, an HSBC survey said on Wednesday. The HSBC India Services Business Activity Index, that tracks changes in activity at Indian services companies on a month-by-month basis, fell from 51.6 to exactly 50.0 in October.
A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction. The stagnation in services sector activity follows five successive months of growth amid fall in new business orders, the report said.
Services sector activity was unchanged in October since growth in some sectors was offset by contraction in others such as in the hospitality sector, HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said. Meanwhile, the headline HSBC Composite Output Index - that maps the manufacturing as well as the services sector output - stood at 51, down from 51.8 in September, indicating that growth of private sector output in India eased to the weakest in five months.
However, services sector firms in India remained highly optimistic regarding prospects for activity growth in the coming year. Business sentiment was the strongest in three months, with panelists commenting on anticipated improvements in demand and new marketing initiatives as key sources of optimism, the report said.
On the positive side, business confidence rose to the strongest in three months, with the hospitality sector being the most upbeat about the outlook, Neumann said. Neumann added: the revival of reforms post recent state elections, if sustained, should lift growth on a broad basis.

Govt open to privatisation of loss-making PS...Jaitley also said the government will soon unveil reforms for other natural resources sectors along the lines of coal block auctions.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government is open to privatisation of certain loss-making public sector companies, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Thursday.
"Certainly I would be interested to look at some PSUs (which) could do much better in private hands," Jaitley said during an interaction at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi, referring to public sector undertakings.
Jaitley also said the government will soon unveil reforms for other natural resources sectors along the lines of coal block auctions .

French govt gives green light for GE-Alstom ...Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: The French government on Wednesday authorised the sale of most of Alstom's energy assets to US group General Electric, clearing the way for a 12.4 billion euro deal reached in June after long and fierce negotiations.
Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron "gave his authorisation to General Electric (GE) for the realisation of its investment project in France with Alstom and the creation of an industrial alliance between the two groups in the energy sector," his ministry said in a statement.
A shareholders' general meeting will be held December 19 on the deal, the French company said.
French government approval of the deal was needed because of a decree this year that gives Paris veto rights over foreign bids for "strategic" French companies, notably those in the energy and transport sectors.
Alstom is involved in power generation and building rail systems. The economy ministry said it was satisfied that "state interests" in France's nuclear activities and energy security were "fully taken into account" under the deal.
GE in June won a fierce two-month battle to buy most of Alstom's energy assets, which represent around 70 percent of the French conglomerate's revenues, for 12.35 billion euros (worth $16.82 billion at the time and $15.42 billion at current exchange rates).
GE will take over Alstom's lucrative gas turbine business completely. But GE will also take on Alstom's nuclear, steam turbine, offshore wind and hydro power businesses, which it will run as 50-50 joint ventures with French shareholders including, most importantly, the government.
And it will fold its electricity grid business into Alstom's, also to be run as a 50-50 joint venture.
Meanwhile it will hand its own train signalling business to the Alstom's high-speed rail operation -- which makes France's famed TGV fast trains -- and which will then be the core business of Alstom.
None of that was part of the US titan's original proposal, but it faced a French government challenged by recession and soaring unemployment and determined to protect the jewels of French industry.
To seal the deal, GE had to pledge to create jobs in France when it might have originally thought to make gains through consolidation. It agreed to the government holding key blocks of shares in the joint ventures, and granted the government a veto over key decisions.
Among concessions it had to make: a pledge to pay penalties of 50,000 euros for every job out of the 1,000 promised that it fails to create in France.
The French group on Wednesday released its half-year fiscal results for April to end-September that showed a 32 percent drop in net income to 255 million euros.

Why is the face of fake ration card scam now the ruling partytreasurerLeela Ram Bhojwani's house in Rajnandgaon. (Source: IE photo)
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:02 pm
The fake ration card scam is among the biggest scandals that hit the Raman Singh government in its 11-year rule. Ration cards for over 14 lakh ineligible or non-existent beneficiaries were made before the 2013 Assembly elections, draining the exchequer and denting Singh’s flagship PDS scheme.
If ever there was a case of exemplary action, it was against Lilaram Bhojwani, former BJP minister and chairperson of the State Civil Supplies Corporation, a body that oversaw the PDS distribution.
The custodian of Chhattisgarh’s subsidised ration got a general card for himself and three BPL cards for his daughters-in-law. Until yesterday, he was the face of the scandal. Now, he is the BJP’s state treasurer.
The man, who could not secure the poor’s grain, now has an apparently lucrative job of managing his party’s funds.  If that’s the message the new party president Amit Shah wants to communicate, that should worry many.
The scandal persists in public memory and government note sheets. Singh still grapples with the financial implications of doling out Rs 1 per kg rice to these ineligible cardholders as his top officers suggest him ways to control the loss of over Rs 2000 crore.
Bhojwani’s elevation suggests that Narendra Modi’s party probably has a different standard of probity for smaller states that lie relatively away from the popular discourse.
Chhattisgarh Assembly speaker and veteran BJP leader Gaurishankar Agarwal is another such man. He has illegally constructed a temple and shops on acres of prime land in capital Raipur. The case hit the monsoon Assembly session, when CM Singh admitted to the encroachment but defended his man. The Central leadership conveniently overlooked the matter.
Bhojwani, incidentally, belongs to Singh’s home constituency of Rajnandgaon and has worked as the chief minister’s representative in the district. If his reward reflects his proximity to the CM, the party and the government stand seriously questioned.

Blow to Obama Republicans capture control of US Senate in midterm electionsBlow to Obama? Republicans capture control of US Senate in midterm elections
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.27AM IST
The outcome of the elections suggested Obama would face a tougher final two years in office, complicated by greater Republican power and influence in Washington. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Republicans rode a wave of voter discontent to sweeping midterm election wins on Tuesday, seizing control of the US Senate in a punishing blow to President Barack Obama that will limit his political influence and curb his legislative agenda in his last two years in office.
Republicans won in places where Democrats were favored, like a Senate race in North Carolina, pulled out victories where the going was tough, like a Senate battle in Kansas, and swept a number of governors' races in states where Democrats were favored, like Obama's home state of Illinois.
They also strengthened their grip on the House of Representatives and when the new Congress takes power in January, will be in charge of both chambers of Congress for the first time since elections in 2006.
Obama, first elected in 2008 and again in 2012, called Democratic and Republican leaders of Congress to the White House on Friday to take stock of the new political landscape. He watched election returns from the White House, and saw little to warm his spirits.
Republican Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, who won a tough re-election battle against Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes, will replace Democrat Harry Reid as Senate majority leader.
"Some things don't change after tonight. I don't expect the president to wake up tomorrow and view the world any differently than he did when he woke up this morning. He knows I won't either. But we do have an obligation to work together on issues where we can agree," McConnell said in his victory speech in Louisville.
Republicans needed six seats to win control of the 100-member Senate, and by late evening they had seven.
The winning margin came when Iowa Republican Joni Ernst was declared the winner over Democrat Bruce Braley and Republican Thom Tillis defeated incumbent Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in North Carolina.
Republican Senate candidates also picked up Democratic seats in Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas.
The Republican surge will force Obama to scale back his legislative agenda and limit his ambitions to either executive actions that do not require legislative approval, or items that might gain bipartisan support, such as trade agreements and tax reform.
It will also test his ability to compromise with newly empowered political opponents who have been resisting his legislative agenda since he was first elected.
'TERRIFIC NIGHT'
But Republicans, hoping to win the White House in 2016, will also be under pressure to show Americans they are capable of governing after drawing scorn a year ago for shutting down the government in a budget fight.
"Tonight was a terrific night for Republicans. It was a powerful repudiation of the Obama agenda, and the Obama economy, which isn't working," Republican Senator Ted Cruz, a conservative firebrand, told CNN.
"The American people, they're frustrated with what's happening in Washington, but now the responsibility falls on us to lead," he said.
Partisan battles could erupt over immigration reform, with Obama poised to issue executive actions by year's end to defer deportations of some undocumented immigrants, and over energy policy, as Republican press the president to approve the Keystone XL pipeline carrying oil from Canada.
The Republican victory had been widely predicted ahead of Tuesday's voting to elect 36 senators, 36 state governors and all 435 members of the House of Representatives.
Election Day polling by Reuters/Ipsos found a dour mood among the electorate with less than one-third of voters believing the country is headed in the right direction.
Midterm Elections In The US
of 6
Midterm Elections In The US
Text: AFP
Today Americans head to the polls to cast their vote in the mid-term elections, which will decide whether Republicans or Democrats will control the Senate.
In Pic: A man fills walks past voting signs displayed outside a polling station during the mid-term elections November 4.
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections at Bellarmine University November 4, 2014 in Louisville, Kentucky.
Sen. Mitch McConnell waits after voting in midterm elections
Senate Minority Leader U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) waits after voting in midterm elections with his wife Elaine Chao at Bellarmine University.
In Pic: Senator Mitch McConnell with wife Elaine Chao
Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters
Clay Aiken, Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in North Carolina's Second District, poses for a selfie with supporters.
In Pic: Democratic Candidate for US Congress Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters.
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker on his back during a campaign stop one day before the mid-term elections.
Next

Toyota Q2 operating profit rises 11.3 per centToyota Q2 operating profit rises 11.3 per cent, beats estimates
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 12.02PM IST
Shares in Toyota ended up 0.1% ahead of the earnings announcement, compared with a 0.4 per cent rise in Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei average.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Japan's Toyota Motor Corp reported an 11.3 per cent rise in second-quarter profit on Wednesday, beating analyst estimates, buoyed by a weak yen and strong sales in the United States.
The world's biggest automaker said operating profit reached 659.22 billion yen ($5.77 billion) in July-September, compared with the 650.7 billion yen average estimate of 13 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net profit, which includes earnings made with joint venture partners in China, rose 23 per cent to 539.06 billion yen.
Shares in Toyota ended up 0.1 per cent ahead of the earnings announcement, compared with a 0.4 per cent rise in Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei average.

US polls: Republicans seize control of SenateRepublicans took the senate and retained control of the House Tuesday night riding widespread discontent with President Barack Obama’s policies and the state of the nation.
related stories
Mixed bag for Indian-Americans
They picked up more than the six senate seats they needed, with some races still in play. They even held on to seats they were widely expected to lose, such an Kansas.
Counting was still on in some areas, with one race going into run-offs — Louisiana senate race will now be settled by a re-election in the first week of December.
Of the five Indian Americans running, only one had met with success till the filing of this report — South Carolina governor Nikki Haley, who easily won a second term.
Neel Kashkari, the Republican who was running for California governorship, lost. Three other Indian Americans still there were Ami Bera, Ro Khanna and Manan Trivedi.
But the big battle for the 2104 midterm elections was for the senate, which Republican were projected to win, and which Democrats were determined to prevent.
Republican prevailed, and handily in the end, raising questions about how Washington DC will work now — a Democratic White House and Republican congress.
Unlike in India, where the central cabinet comes from the party in majority in Lok Sabha, in the US the administration and the House of Representatives can be controlled by separate parties.
And like Rajya Sabha, the senate is not as powerful as the House, but it must confirm all presidential nominations — and that gives it tremendous leverage over the administration.
Democrats control the White House and the senate now, while Republicans have the House. Starting next January, Republicans will have control of both chambers of congress.
Things are expected to get tough for Obama. He is bound get a lot of push back on nominations that need senate’s confirmation — both of judges and nominees to his administration.
More investigations and hearings, of the kind already underway such as the Benghazi attack. And more legislations landing on the president’s desk, for him to veto or approve.
But it’s not going to be all bad. Some presidents are known to being more attention to foreign policy after a bad midterm, which has been the lot of most presidents.
John Fortier of the Bipartisan Policy Center said he believes the president and congress could work together on some issues — trade, tax reform and foreign policy.
From New Delhi’s point of view, a Republican congress changes nothing. “There is bipartisan support for India in the US,” said a source, adding, “We have worked with both parties.”

Nikki Haley wins 2nd term as South Carolina governorNikki Haley wins 2nd term as South Carolina governor
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Nov 5:  
Indian-American Nikki Haley was today re-elected for a second term as South Carolina’s Governor after registering a convincing win over her nearest Democratic rival, raising her profile in the Republican party.
The 42-year-old daughter of Indian immigrants was declared elected with an impressive 57.8 per cent of the votes, with her rival Vincent Sheheen trailing behind with less than 40 per cent of the votes.
She is only the second Indian-American governor in the United States, the other being fellow Republican Bobby Jindal of Louisiana.
Haley, South Carolina’s first minority and first female governor, already is a familiar figure. The victory has raised her profile in the Republican party at the national level.
During the election campaign, top Republican leaders, including the former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, and the Governors of Louisiana and New Jersey — Jindal and Chris Christie — respectively, had canvassed for her.
Haley is considered one of the most popular governors in the US. She raised more than $8 million in her re-election campaign as against $3.5 million by her rival Sheheen.
Haley will visit India later this month leading a high-powered South Carolina trade delegation.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Crude oil futures rise to Rs 4 740 per barrelCrude oil futures rise to Rs 4,740 per barrel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Crude oil futures rose 0.4 per cent to Rs 4,740 per barrel today as speculators created fresh positions at prevailing levels amid a mixed trend in Asia.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery this month traded higher by Rs 19 or 0.4 per cent to Rs 4,740 per barrel with a business turnover of 2,795 lots.
The oil for delivery in December also moved up by Rs 14 or 0.29 per cent to Rs 4,768 per barrel with a business volume of 176 lots.
Analysts attributed the rise in crude oil futures to a mixed trend in Asia as dealers looked ahead to the release of the latest US supply report after a sell-off in the previous session owing to price cuts by Saudi Arabia.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate crude for December delivery rose 12 cents to $77.31 a barrel, while Brent crude for December delivery fell 20 cents to $82.62 in late-morning trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Gold futures decline 0.64% to Rs 25 797 on global cuesGold price falls 0.64 per cent to Rs 25,797 in futures trade on global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 13:10 IST
Photo: Reuters
Gold prices fell by 0.64 per cent to Rs 25,797 per 10 grams in futures trading on Wednesday as speculators trimmed positions amid a weak global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December declined by Rs 166, or 0.64 per cent, to Rs 25,797 per 10 grams in a business turnover of 911 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in February next year traded lower by Rs 150, or 0.57 per cent, to Rs 25,996 per 10 grams in 24 lots.
Analysts said offloading of positions by speculators on weak cues from the global market led to the fall in gold prices at futures trade.
Meanwhile, gold fell 0.4 per cent to $1,163.20 an ounce in Singapore.

Business leaders raise bar of expectations from Narendra ModigovtPrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:19 pm
Business leaders, including Mahindra Group chief Anand Mahindra and Chairman of Japan’s Mitsubishi Corporation Yorihiko Kojima, today raised the bar of expectations from the Narendra Modi-led government on reforms to boost India’s economic growth.
Highlighting that deregulation, trade liberalisation and infrastructure development are key factors for attracting investments in India, Kojima said: “Prime Minister Modi has initiated a wide range of reforms and I am sure these will help achieve those goals.”
Speaking at the India Economic Summit here, Kojima said it was difficult to do business in India as “different states have different regulations and taxation” and Japanese firm like Mitsubishi were keenly looking forward to Modi’s assurances given during his visit to Japan in September to bring about a change in the system.
Expressing similar sentiments, Mahindra pointed out that once the infrastructure projects get going, investments will start flowing into India that will help spur growth.
“The trigger will come when infrastructure spending starts. Once you see the backhoe loaders out there digging up, showing sign of activities, we will see flicker of growth in the coming months…by the first quarter of next fiscal, you will see palpable signs of growth,,” he added.
Stating that there is an opportunity for “the new India” under the current NDA regime to showcase itself to the world as business and political leaders gather at the summit in the next two days here, Mahindra said the steps taken by the government which “the world sees as incremental reforms”, would add up to big reforms. But it was also “time to for us walk the talk”, he added.
On her expectations going forward now that India has a new government, Chairperson and Editorial Director of HT Media Shobhana Bhartia said: “It is a very interesting period for us to pause and look and what has happened and what we can expect going forward. Specifically in connection with employment.”
“People keep talking about India’s demographic dividend,” she said, adding but the greatest challenge for India, which has 65 per cent of population under the age of 30-35 years, was to now find job for them”.
Stating that there is “a huge employability-education mismatch” she said “it needs to be addressed if we have to sustain the kind of growth we are looking at.”
India has undertaken a commitment to skill 500 million people by 2022, but it doesn’t have the capacity to do that and hence it needs to look at the education system, Bhartia added.
Agreeing with her, Mahindra said to prevent “demographic dividend from turning into a disaster” there was a need to enhance public-private partnership for creating the capacity to train people and generate jobs.

Sensex Makes New Record  Touches 28000-mark for the First TimeSensex Makes New Record  Touches 28000-mark for the First Time
Services sector growth at six-month lowServices sector growth at six-month low
Relaxo Footwears stock dips 3% on Q2 resultsRelaxo Footwears stock dips 3% on Q2 results
Republicans snatch US Senate  Obama faces difficult final yearsRepublicans snatch US Senate  Obama faces difficult final years
Sutlej Textiles and Industries standalone quarterly net drops 28.52%Sutlej Textiles and Industries standalone quarterly net drops 28.52%
Cosmo Ferrites loss narrows in Jul-Sep quarterCosmo Ferrites loss narrows in Jul-Sep quarter
NCAER lowers India GDP forecast to 5%NCAER lowers India GDP forecast to 5%
Republicans on Verge of Power in New York State SenateRepublicans on Verge of Power in New York State Senate
Devendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister  Shiv Sena joins bashDevendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra chief minister, Shiv Sena joins bash
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 31, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:16 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra on Friday but had to share some of the limelight with another man — Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who attended the ceremony after a last-minute phone call from BJP chief Amit Shah.
 
Fadnavis — the state’s 27th CM and its youngest at 44 — took the oath of office with a team of nine ministers at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai. In attendance were Prime Minister Narendra Modi, LK Advani, Shah, the CMs of BJP-ruled and friendly states and a crowd of 40,000-50,000, according to BJP estimates.
 
A significant development on the sidelines was the apparent thaw between squabbling ex-allies BJP and Shiv Sena. Thackeray — firm till Thursday night on boycotting the swearing-in over the BJP’s “constant humiliation” of his party — met Shah immediately after the ceremony, setting off talk of a patch-up and post-poll alliance.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
Union minister Arun Jaitley and Fadnavis too had called up Thackeray earlier in the day to make him change his mind. The Sena chief came with wife Rashmi and party MP Vinayak Raut.
 
The Sena has 63 MLAs who can help the BJP — with 121 MLAs in the 288-strong assembly — prove majority without taking the support offered by other parties such as the Nationalist Congress Party.
 
The NCP showed Friday it was more than willing to help the BJP, with most of its senior leaders, barring boss Sharad Pawar, sharing the dais with their BJP counterparts.
 
The new chief minister swung into action almost immediately after assuming charge, saying his government would ensure transparency and bring in a law to ensure an effective service mechanism for the people. “People want their work done without any delay. We will bring in a law under which the government (officers and other staffers) would deliver service as quickly as possible,” Fadnavis said during his first media interaction after being sworn in as chief minister.  
The CM said he would also review decisions taken by the former government, as it involved expenditure of more than Rs. 52,000 crore. “If we were to execute these schemes, we will need to raise loans to finance them. We will examine how feasible these decisions are,” he said.
Fadnavis — a four-time MLA from Nagpur and a lawyer and business management expert by training — said portfolio allocations would be made on Saturday. The CM wants to keep home and finance with himself.  The assembly session is expected to be held between November 10 and 12 during which time the government will table the trust vote.
Council of ministers

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 review: Most productive  powerful Android phone aroundNew system allows computers to teach by example
Since its launch in 2011, the Samsung Galaxy Note series has stood apart as the most powerful and productive of Android smartphones. With millions of units sold across the world over three versions since, Samsung must have had its job cut out trying to think of new features to add to this phablet. So can the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 offer a good upgrade for Note loyalists while trying to pull in some new users?
Specs: 5.7-inch quadHD SUper Amoled display (1440x2560p, ~515 ppi) | Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 quad-core 2.7 GHz processor | 3GB RAM | 32GB internal + up to 128GB external | 16MP rear + 3.7MP front | Li-Ion 3220 mAh battery | S-Pen | 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4
Rs 58,300
Design: Samsung has not budged from its design philosophy for the Note 4. It looks and feels like the rest of the Note series, though there is a metal band the runs around the bezels. The Note 4 is a bit bigger and slightly thicker than the Note 3 and hence adds a few more grams to the overall weight. The Note 4 is a big phone is large and needs to be gripped well and handled with care, especially when you are trying to pull out the stylus from its home under the screen.
Display: This is where the Note 4 pushes away from the competition. Yes, there are a handful of other phones with QuadHD screens, but then this one is from Samsung. Just keep the screen near any other top end phone and you will realise the difference. It is clearer and brighter than anything on FullHD. Plus, the display comes with auto brightness control and you will not need to change brightness if you are moving out from a dark room. Switch this off and you can make the screen super bright if needed.
Performance: With so much real estate, it would be a shame if you could not do more. So with the Note 4 you can take multi-tasking to a new level by using multi-windows. Yes, there are other phones with multi-window too, but I haven’t seen many that let you drag and reduce a window to a corner so that you can take notes from it. But this feature does not work with some apps and I had trouble at times dragging the window down. But overall, the Note 4 is the best multi-tasker around and it won’t take you long to realise that. And while it is doing a lot of this backbreaking work it does not so much as let out a whimper. But that is why I was surprised that the phone heats up when you are browsing or streaming video from YouTube.
Special mention: In the second swipe of the phone’s home screen are tools that need a special mention.
S-Pen/S-Note: This for me is the best feature of the phone. Pull out the stylus at the bottom and a menu pops up to let you make quick notes or longer manuscripts. The S-note app is like an unlimited repository or dairies and pages that you can use to write on using the stylus. The stylus, already the best in the industry, has now become pressure sensitive and more versatile. I can vouch that some notes written on the lined paper template will flummox anyone to believe that it was a real pen on paper venture. The good thing is that you can convert any written word into text easily. The pen also lets you select any content on a page by with just press and swipe.
Photo note: This is a new feature and good for those who like to click photographs at lectures and meetings. Click a photo using this app and the image is after a bit of processing become part of a digital note that you can edit. I would have been a great feature if Samsung could convert the text in a picture to editable text too.
Dictation tool: I am tempted to buy the phone for just this voice to text tool. The app can type for you with a great deal of accuracy and speed. I used it during a walk in the park to start this review and the first paragraph was typed by the phone with an accuracy level of 90 per cent. Yes, you need to edit this text later for full stops and words that the phone has heard wrong. But a great tool for someone like me who has to write a lot.
Camera: The Note 3 had a great camera and the Note 4 just carries this legacy forward. There are new modes like selective focus and the camera does a better job in low light. But what has really change on the camera front is the front camera which is now 3.7MP and comes with a new wide selfie mode. In this you can include more people in a selfie by swiveling the from camera. However, just ensure that everyone is still or you would end up with some weird shots. The FullHD video is still among the best the industry. The images are really large at 20MB and can ive decent prints too if needed.
Night shots have good detail.
Bright sunlight seems to hit the colours a bit.
Selective focus lets you compose interesting shots.
Great details and colours.
Software: There are not many software tweaks, but the Safari-like flip through effect for multi-tasking is a good feature to have. Samsung has not pre-burned unnecessary apps, but has given options to download the suggested apps easily. Even in the camera, there is an option to disable modes that are not used regularly.
Storage: The 32GB internal storage means you will have about 20GB of storage to use. You will need to buy external storage given that you will be using the camera a lot. But that decision can be put off for few months thanks to the extra large internal memory.
Battery: One good thing about using a large Note phone is that it has an extra large battery inside. If you step out of the house with 100 per cent charge you will be able to use the phone for the rest of the day without ever having to bother about a recharge. The phone also features a new fast charging feature that lets you charge the battery till 50 per cent in just 30 minutes.
Verdict: If you are looking for a large Android phone that can rise up to all your needs, then the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is right up there on top. This is without doubt the most productive and powerful Android phone around, but I suggest you buy this only if you want to use the Note taking abilities of this phone. That is the best feature of this phablet.
TAGS: Samsung Galaxy Samsung Galaxy Note 4
More from industry

Starbucks Says India Success Exceeds ExpectationsYou are here: Home Corporates
Starbucks Says India Success Exceeds Expectations
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 18:45 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: As it completed two years of operations in the country, American coffee chain Starbucks on Tuesday said its success in India has exceeded the expectations.
Tata Starbucks, a 50:50 joint venture with Tata Global Beverages, had opened its first outlet in Mumbai in October 2012.
"In the last two years, we have been able to grow our brand...success in India has exceeded our expectations. Our customers have really embraced us. They enjoy the unique beverages that we offer them," Starbucks Coffee president, (China and Asia Pacific), John Culver told PTI.
He further added: "We are very happy with the progress of the growth of the market here and more importantly, with future prospects of the growth for us. We have taken a very long-term view on the opportunity that India presents and build our brand the right way."
When asked about expansion plans and delay in opening outlets, Mr Culver said: "I am not going to comment on specifics. But, we are very happy with the growth rate in India. India is our fastest growing new market in our history. We pleased with the pace of growth. We are not going to chase numbers."
Soon after the launch, the company had announced plans to open 50 cafes in the country in 2012, entailing an investment of Rs 400 crore. The plan however got delayed.
At present, there are 59 Starbucks outlets in six cities in the country.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 18:43 (IST)

Why should shipping alliances be exempt from competition lawsWhy should shipping alliances be exempt from competition laws?
NK Kurup
Arunangsu Roy Chowdhury
November 4, 2014:  
The one-year exemption granted to container shipping alliances – known as vessel sharing agreements or VSAs – from the purview of competition laws will come up for review next month.
For more than one reason, New Delhi needs to take a view on the long-term impact of such alliances on the country’s trade. A closer look at the trends in and nature of such agreements could help understand the reasons better.
Usually in such alliances, two or more shipping lines join together to deploy vessels on select international routes to ensure, what they say optimum capacity utilisation.
After the collapse of the liner conference system — groups of shipping lines operating on particular routes -- container service operators started getting into VSAs and such other arrangements.
The prolonged slowdown in global shipping since 2009 forced more lines to pool their resources to cut cost of operations. Unlike the liner conferences, VSAs do not cover fixing freights rates.
One such global alliance called `2M’ between world’s tow biggest shipping lines -- Maersk and Mediterranean Shipping Company -- is expected to become operational early next year. This 10-year alliance which covers Asia--Europe trade emerged after China refused permission in June this year to P3, another global grouping of these two lines along with the French carrier CMA-CGM, on the ground that it would hurt the interest of the Chinese shipping interest. It is not clear how far this 2 M alliance will impact India.
There are several other alliances and cumulatively they represent about 75 per cent of the world container trade.
Shippers (exporters and importers) are against granting blanket exemption to shipping alliances from the anti-trust laws as they fear it could restrict competition and lead to unfair trade practices. As such global liners are inducting large vessels and resorting to practices such as “slow steaming.” These cost cutting measures, shippers say, affect their shipment schedules. These lines also go for exclusive tie-ups with terminal operators which again restrict the shippers’ freedom to select ports of their choice.
Shipping lines, on the other hand, asserts that VSAs are their lifeline without which many of them will sink in the troubled waters of global shipping. Liner shipping suffers from chronic over capacity which leads to low freight rates and under-utilisation of capacity. Pooling of resources, according to them, help liners to offer more frequencies and better service. In the absence of such arrangements smaller lines will gradually disappear and there will be the monopoly of big operators which will be worse than VSAs.
Given the current weak freight market, the existence of VSA is justified as a strategy to cut cost and keep the vessels afloat. As pointed out by a shipping company official, Shipping Corporation of India could offer more international sailings only because of vessels and slot arrangements with other global operators. No doubt, shippers have been enjoying lower freight rates.
However, the situation could change in the future and therefore, India needs to take a long-term view on the exemption granted to VSAs. For one, India is a cargo-generating country and its containerised volume is expected to go up substantially in the future. Two, SCI is the only domestic line operating global container service and its share in the liner cargo is below two per cent. There are reports of the government company planning to trim its global service further to cut losses. This means, there will be only foreign lines carrying the country’s containerised cargo.
Three, unlike the US, Europe or China, India has no regulation to take care of the interest of shippers. The country’s maritime administrator does not even have the facility to monitor the activities of VSAs. Last year, when the government asked the Director General of Shipping to monitor VSAs, it outsourced the job to the Indian Register of Shipping, a classification society.
If New Delhi wants to ensure that Indian exporters and importers are not left to the mercy of global operators, a long–term blanket exemption for global shipping alliances from the purview of Competition laws is obviously not the best option.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

City scions tarnished Siberian gold missionCity scion’s tarnished Siberian gold mission
James Wilson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82bc11b0-6419-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt plans to reprint three Sardar Patel biographiesPrint
Written by Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:42 am
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, it seems, remains high on the Narendra Modi-led government’s agenda. After having recently commemorated Patel’s 139th birth anniversary as Rashtriya Ekta Diwas, the government is now planning to reprint and make available “on a large scale” three biographies of the leader in a bid to disseminate “authentic” information about him.
Following deliberations at the top government levels, the Information and Broadcasting Ministry has been tasked with executing the task.
The I&B Ministry has already identified three biographies — Patel: A Life by Rajmohan Gandhi, Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel — India’s Iron Man by B Krishna and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the Nation Builder by P L Sanjeeva Reddy and S N Mishra — which it now plans to get reprinted by its own Publication Division, top ministry sources told The Indian Express.
Once reprinted, the government plans to send copies of these books to all schools, colleges and other institutions in the country in addition to making them available in libraries across the country.
“So little information about Patel is available in the public domain right now. We hope to correct this by getting these authentic books reach far and wide,” a government source said.
“The decision to get these biographies reprinted has been taken by the government. Now we are in the process of tying up the modalities — like the number of copies to be printed, the pricing and copyright issues. Our Publications Division — that has published over 8,000 titles so far — will get these three biographies reprinted. Since Publications Division will be printing these books, they’ll now be made available at affordable prices,” a source privy to the development said.
Sources further indicated that the government was even open to the idea of purchasing the copyright for these books in case copyright issues emerged.

Buy RIL  Sell Wipro  TCS Today: Sanjeev BhasinGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
The Nifty is likely to consolidate around 8,250-8,450 this week. Asian markets are trading mixed as oil weakness has led to profit booking across equities.
Expect strong exchange traded fund (ETF) flows in to domestic equities to continue because India is the biggest beneficiary of extended oil weakness and economic growth turn around.
Trading calls for next 3/4 days,
1) Buy Reliance Industries: 995-1005, stop loss 980, target 1040
2) Buy Indian Oil: 362-367, stop loss 356, target 386
3) Sell TCS: 2590-2620, stop loss 2670, target 2470-80
4) Sell Wipro: 562-567, stop loss 576, target 535-540
Here is a list of previous trades,
5) Buy Zee Entertainment: 350, stop loss 340, target 375
6) Buy Dish TV: 58, stop loss 55, target 63
7) Buy IndusInd Bank: 715-722, stop loss 700, target 744
8) Sell Cairn India: 283-287, stop loss 293, target 268
9) Sell BPCL: 722-727, stop loss736, target 698
Disclaimer: Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 08:22 (IST)

http://usat.ly/1t9YBBUFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ford issues 5 recalls covering 202K vehicles
DETROIT — Ford is recalling more than 202,000 cars, vans and trucks in North America in five separate recalls to fix gas leaks, air bag sensors, stalling and other issues. The company says the problems have
Post to Facebook
Ford issues 5 recalls covering 202K vehicles DETROIT — Ford is recalling more than 202,000 cars, vans and trucks in North America in five separate recalls to fix gas leaks, air bag sensors, stalling and other issues. The company says the problems have Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnOJo7
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ford issues 5 recalls covering 202K vehicles
Tom Krisher, The Associated Press 2:33 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Ford on Nov. 4, 2014, announced it is recalling more than 202,000 vehicles in North America, including about 135,000 F-150 pickups and Ford Flex family haulers from the 2014 model year, such as this FILE - This undated file image provided by Ford shows the 2014 Ford F-150 STX SuperCrew truck, to fix gas leaks, air bag sensors, stalling and other issues.
(Photo: AP)
329 CONNECT 56 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
DETROIT — Ford is recalling more than 202,000 cars, vans and trucks in North America in five separate recalls to fix gas leaks, air bag sensors, stalling and other issues.
The company says the problems have caused one accident, but it's not aware of injuries in any of the cases.
The biggest of the recalls announced Tuesday affects about 135,000 F-150 pickups and Ford Flex family haulers from the 2014 model year. Faulty passenger seat weight sensors can stop air bags from inflating in crashes.
Dealers will widen a gap between the seat frame and track, and then recalibrate the sensors. Also covered are some 2009 through 2014 F-150s that were serviced for seat track problems this year.
The recalls are examples of how automakers are moving faster to report and correct safety problems in the wake of large penalties the General Motors and Toyota paid to the U.S. government.
Ford recalls 205,000 crossovers for fuel tank leaks
GM was fined $35 million for its slow response to the ignition switch recall, and Toyota paid a $1.2 billion penalty to settle a criminal charge that it hid safety information from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
So far this year, automakers have issued over 550 recalls affecting more than 52 million vehicles. That shattered the old full-year record of 30.8 million recalled vehicles set in 2004. GM alone has issued 75 recalls totaling more than 30 million vehicles this year.
Here are details of the other Ford recalls:
• About 38,600 Ford Crown Victoria, Mercury Grand Marquis and Lincoln Town Cars from 2005 to 2011. They're being recalled for a second time to fix problems with steering shafts that can separate. Improper repairs can cause loss of steering. Dealers will inspect and replace the upper intermediate steering shaft if needed. They also will inspect lower steering column bearings and install bearing retainers if needed. Ford says it knows of one crash from this problem.
• About 27,600 Transit Connect small vans from 2014 for potential fuel line leaks. Fuel and vapor lines may have been routed incorrectly in vans with 2.5-liter engines. The lines can rub and possibly cause leaks over time. Ford says it's not aware of any fires. Dealers will inspect and reroute the lines if needed.
• About 90 Transit large vans from 2015 with 3.2-liter diesel engines. A bracket that holds the fuel filter to the frame can detach, causing engine stalling. Dealers will reinforce the underbody structure.
• About 960 F-150 pickups from 2014. A brake pedal position switch may not be set right. This could delay illumination of brake lights and require increased effort to on the pedal to shut off the cruise control. Dealers will reinstall the switch.
Related:

BJD to maintain equal distance from Congress  BJP: Naveen PatnaikBJP working to erode institution of reservation: Mayawati
BJD would continue to maintain equal distance both from Congress and BJP, Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik today said.
“BJD would like to maintain its policy of equi-distance from both Congress and BJP,” he said at an interactive session held during the third edition of the Odisha Literary Festival (OLF) organised by the New Indian Express here.
Patnaik, who had announced before 2014 polls that he is not comfortable with the idea of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister, said, “It is early days to judge his performance as the new government at the Centre is only a few months old.”
“I think it is too early to judge it,” he said.
Patnaik, who had successfully led his party in the last elections, said BJD is popular in Odisha because of its policy of transparency and efficiency.
The party was elected consecutively for the fourth time in 2014 polls because of the government’s anti-poverty programmes and development schemes, Patnaik claimed.
To a query, he made it clear that he has no national ambition.
“There is still a lot of work to be done in Odisha. So I would like to confine myself to the state,” he said.
Asked about the future of regional parties, Patnaik said they too have a future in the country.
“Regional parties are not on a decline and will continue healthily in future,” he said.
The chief minister, however, parried a question on his successor. “There are plenty of people who are going to come after me,” Naveen said, adding that there are many young people in BJD and the government.
TAGS: BJD BJP Odisha Congress Odisha Naveen Patnaik Odisha Government
More from miscellaneous

Nitish says will do more if given another chanceBJP working to erode institution of reservation: Mayawati
Highlighting achievements of his times, former chief minister Nitish Kumar today said he put in all efforts to take Bihar on path of development and would do more if given chance in future.
“Bihar did not had good roads, suffered from acute power crisis and citizens of the state were afraid to reveal their identity to outsiders fearing abuse. We made hard work to overcome these handicaps and take Bihar on path of development,” Kumar said addressing a function to mark “Vidyapati parva (festival)” here.
“For going to places in Supual and other far off places one had to reach the destination by covering some distance in Nepal but today due to network of good roads no place in the state is difficult to reach,” Kumar said highlighting achievements of JD(U) ministry.
In the power sector, Bihar had as little as 600 MW in 2005. Today it has reached 2,900 MW and by next year the target is to make it 4,000 MW, Kumar, who has made a promise to people that he would not seek votes in 2015 without improving power situation, said.
Kumar served as Chief Minister of Bihar from November 2005 till he resigned from the post in June 2014 after debacle in the Parliamentary polls.  The senior JD(U) leader would be face of the party in the 2015 Assembly poll.
Kumar lauded mithila language and culture.
“During my time I had made a practise that any dignitary coming to the state would be welcomed with Mithila painting,” he said.
The former CM lauded former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee for including Maithli in the Eighth schedule of the constitution accepting his request.
A large number of people were honoured for excellence in different fields in promotion of Maithli language and culture. Scribe Prashant Jha was honoured for stage play in Maithali.
TAGS: Bihar Assembly Election 2015 Nitish Kumar Nitish Kumar Bihar
More from miscellaneous

Services sector activity stagnates during Oc...business orders
(The stagnation in services…)
NEW DELHI: Services sector activity in India stagnated during October amid weaker growth of new business orders , an HSBC survey said today.
The HSBC India Services Business Activity Index, that tracks changes in activity at Indian services companies on a month-by-month basis, fell from 51.6 to exactly 50.0 in October.
A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
The stagnation in services sector activity follows five successive months of growth amid fall in new business orders, the report said.
"Services sector activity was unchanged in October since growth in some sectors was offset by contraction in others such as in the hospitality sector," HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
Meanwhile, the headline HSBC Composite Output Index -- that maps the manufacturing as well as the services sector output -- stood at 51, down from 51.8 in September, indicating that growth of private sector output in India eased to the weakest in five months.
However, services sector firms in India remained highly optimistic regarding prospects for activity growth in the coming year.
Business sentiment was the strongest in three months, with panelists commenting on anticipated improvements in demand and new marketing initiatives as key sources of optimism, the report said.
"On the positive side, business confidence rose to the strongest in three months, with the hospitality sector being the most upbeat about the outlook," Neumann said.
Neumann added: "the revival of reforms post recent state elections, if sustained, should lift growth on a broad basis."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Air pollution reduced wheat yield by 50%: StudyAir pollution lowers wheat yield by 50 per cent, says study
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 13:21 IST
Around 90% decrease in potential production is due to smog related pollution
A study that has analysed data for the last 30 years has revealed that air pollution , arising out of smog and other pollutants, drastically reduced wheat yields in densely populated states in the country by nearly 50 per cent, making it significantly lower than what they could have been in 2010.
According to the assessment, up to 90 per cent of the decrease in potential food production seems linked to smog, made up of black carbon and other pollutants.
The remaining 10 per cent are accounted by factors like changes linked to global warming and precipitation levels. The research paper, 'Recent climate and air pollution impacts on Indian agriculture', published in the Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences, analysed the impacts of pollution on wheat production.
Scientists based their findings on the historical data on crop yields, emissions and precipitation. The research has confirmed the assessments and studies of scientists in the past on the impact of air pollution on food production.
According to experts, the smog results in North India mainly due to vehicular emissions and emissions from massive agricultural residue burning in states like Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
Massive crop residue burning takes place in Punjab, where it is a banned activity, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. The issue of open straw burning is currently monitored by the National Green Tribunal (NGT), which has directed the agriculture ministry to draft guidelines preventing the hazardous practice at the earliest.
Vikrant Tongad, the petitioner in the case before the green tribunal, said, "The Centre is not acting against the farmers polluting the air because of political reasons".

Blow for Obama Republicans capture US SenateBlow to Obama? Republicans capture control of US Senate in midterm elections
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.27AM IST
The outcome of the elections suggested Obama would face a tougher final two years in office, complicated by greater Republican power and influence in Washington. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Republicans rode a wave of voter discontent to sweeping midterm election wins on Tuesday, seizing control of the US Senate in a punishing blow to President Barack Obama that will limit his political influence and curb his legislative agenda in his last two years in office.
Republicans won in places where Democrats were favored, like a Senate race in North Carolina, pulled out victories where the going was tough, like a Senate battle in Kansas, and swept a number of governors' races in states where Democrats were favored, like Obama's home state of Illinois.
They also strengthened their grip on the House of Representatives and when the new Congress takes power in January, will be in charge of both chambers of Congress for the first time since elections in 2006.
Obama, first elected in 2008 and again in 2012, called Democratic and Republican leaders of Congress to the White House on Friday to take stock of the new political landscape. He watched election returns from the White House, and saw little to warm his spirits.
Republican Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, who won a tough re-election battle against Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes, will replace Democrat Harry Reid as Senate majority leader.
"Some things don't change after tonight. I don't expect the president to wake up tomorrow and view the world any differently than he did when he woke up this morning. He knows I won't either. But we do have an obligation to work together on issues where we can agree," McConnell said in his victory speech in Louisville.
Republicans needed six seats to win control of the 100-member Senate, and by late evening they had seven.
The winning margin came when Iowa Republican Joni Ernst was declared the winner over Democrat Bruce Braley and Republican Thom Tillis defeated incumbent Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in North Carolina.
Republican Senate candidates also picked up Democratic seats in Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas.
The Republican surge will force Obama to scale back his legislative agenda and limit his ambitions to either executive actions that do not require legislative approval, or items that might gain bipartisan support, such as trade agreements and tax reform.
It will also test his ability to compromise with newly empowered political opponents who have been resisting his legislative agenda since he was first elected.
'TERRIFIC NIGHT'
But Republicans, hoping to win the White House in 2016, will also be under pressure to show Americans they are capable of governing after drawing scorn a year ago for shutting down the government in a budget fight.
"Tonight was a terrific night for Republicans. It was a powerful repudiation of the Obama agenda, and the Obama economy, which isn't working," Republican Senator Ted Cruz, a conservative firebrand, told CNN.
"The American people, they're frustrated with what's happening in Washington, but now the responsibility falls on us to lead," he said.
Partisan battles could erupt over immigration reform, with Obama poised to issue executive actions by year's end to defer deportations of some undocumented immigrants, and over energy policy, as Republican press the president to approve the Keystone XL pipeline carrying oil from Canada.
The Republican victory had been widely predicted ahead of Tuesday's voting to elect 36 senators, 36 state governors and all 435 members of the House of Representatives.
Election Day polling by Reuters/Ipsos found a dour mood among the electorate with less than one-third of voters believing the country is headed in the right direction.
Midterm Elections In The US
of 6
Midterm Elections In The US
Text: AFP
Today Americans head to the polls to cast their vote in the mid-term elections, which will decide whether Republicans or Democrats will control the Senate.
In Pic: A man fills walks past voting signs displayed outside a polling station during the mid-term elections November 4.
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections at Bellarmine University November 4, 2014 in Louisville, Kentucky.
Sen. Mitch McConnell waits after voting in midterm elections
Senate Minority Leader U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) waits after voting in midterm elections with his wife Elaine Chao at Bellarmine University.
In Pic: Senator Mitch McConnell with wife Elaine Chao
Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters
Clay Aiken, Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in North Carolina's Second District, poses for a selfie with supporters.
In Pic: Democratic Candidate for US Congress Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters.
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker on his back during a campaign stop one day before the mid-term elections.
Next

India services sector PMI plunges from 51.6 to 50 during October  saysHSBCPrint
By: PTI | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:33 pm
Services sector activity in India stagnated during October amid weaker growth of new business orders, an HSBC survey said today.
The HSBC India Services Business Activity Index, that tracks changes in activity at Indian services companies on a month-by-month basis, fell from 51.6 to exactly 50.0 in October.
A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
The stagnation in services sector activity follows five successive months of growth amid fall in new business orders, the report said.
“Services sector activity was unchanged in October since growth in some sectors was offset by contraction in others such as in the hospitality sector,” HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
Meanwhile, the headline HSBC Composite Output Index — that maps the manufacturing as well as the services sector output — stood at 51, down from 51.8 in September, indicating that growth of private sector output in India eased to the weakest in five months.
However, services sector firms in India remained highly optimistic regarding prospects for activity growth in the coming year.
Business sentiment was the strongest in three months, with panelists commenting on anticipated improvements in demand and new marketing initiatives as key sources of optimism, the report said.
“On the positive side, business confidence rose to the strongest in three months, with the hospitality sector being the most upbeat about the outlook,” Neumann said.
Neumann added: “the revival of reforms post recent state elections, if sustained, should lift growth on a broad basis.”

Reliance plans divestment of Eagle Ford midstream businessHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Reliance plans divestment of Eagle Ford midstream business
Reuters
Tweet
MUMBAI, Nov 5:  
India's Reliance Industries Ltd on Wednesday said it had agreed to consider the divestment of its Eagle Ford Shale midstream joint venture with partner Pioneer Natural Resources Co.
Reliance owns a 49.9 percent stake in the business, EFS Midstream LLC, while Pioneer is the operator with a 50.1 percent stake in the Eagle Ford midstream system, which consists of 10 central gathering plants and about 460 miles of pipelines.
Pioneer will redeploy capital from the sale to its core oil rich assets in West Texas, and currently has no plans to divest its upstream assets in the Eagle Ford shale, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
Reliance, which Reuters reported is seeking a buyer for its 45 per cent stake in its Eagle Ford joint oil and natural gas venture, did not mention its plans for the upstream assets.
The midstream business was set up in 2010 to construct facilities to handle condensate and natural gas from wells in the Eagle Ford shale and Pioneer's cash flow from the business is expected to be over $100 million in 2015, according to the company's statement.
Reliance said in a statement to the exchange that its current investment in EFS Midstream was $208 million.
Reliance shares were down 0.73 percent at Rs 995 in mid-day trade in a broader Mumbai market that was up 0.17 percent.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Gold futures decline to Rs 25 797 per 10 gmGold futures decline to Rs 25,797 per 10 gm
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Gold prices fell 0.64 per cent to Rs 25,797 per 10 grams at the futures trade today as speculators trimmed positions amid a weak global trend.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December declined Rs 166 or 0.64 per cent to Rs 25,797 per 10 grams in a business turnover of 911 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in February next year traded lower by Rs 150 or 0.57 per cent to Rs 25,996 per 10 grams in 24 lots.
Analysts said offloading of positions by speculators on weak cues from the global market led to the fall in gold prices at the futures trade.
Meanwhile, gold fell 0.4 per cent to $1,163.20 an ounce in Singapore.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Eight bank stocks hit new 52-week highEight bank stocks hit new 52-week high
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Nov 5:  
Bank stocks were in limelight with eight of them hitting fresh 52-week highs on the NSE today and the CNX Bank index emerged as the biggest sectoral gainer in the exchange.
While PSU banks too made significant gains riding the positive momentum generated by the banking sector, all the eight bank stocks that touched fresh 52-week highs this morning belonged to the private sector.
Of the 12 stocks forming the CNX Bank Nifty, the six stocks to touch new yearly high were ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank (adjusted to stock split), Federal Bank, IndusInd Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank. Bank stocks outside the Bank Nifty that reached new yearly high were Karur Vysya Bank and DCB Bank.
ICICI Bank touched a new high of Rs 1,664 before easing to Rs 1,657.55, a gain of Rs 11.85. HDFC Bank jumped to a new yearly high of Rs 920 before being marginally down to Rs 919.
Federal Bank reached a high of Rs 145.90 before shedding 90 paise to trade at Rs 145, Kotak Mahindra Bank’s new high was Rs 1,128 (trading now at Rs 1,118.10) and Axis Bank touched a new high of Rs 456.40 before easing to Rs 454.80
KVB that is outside the Bank Nifty reached a new high of Rs 558.70 before easing to Rs 555, a gain of Rs 2.40. DCB Bank touched a new high of Rs 93.45 before moving down a bit to Rs 92.10.
But in terms of gains, PSU banks did well too. SBI was the biggest gainer among the Bank Nifty stocks, up by Rs 58.90 to trade at Rs 2,782.35. BoB was up by Rs 10.35 to trade at Rs 960.40 and PNB gained Rs 5.45 to trade at Rs 955.10.
YES Bank narrowly failed in breaching its 52-week high when it touched a high of Rs 689 today against its 52 week high of Rs 689.20. The stock has shed some of its gains to trade at Rs 679.70
The Bank Nifty was up by 198 points. The index had shed about 40 points from its high but was still the biggest gainer among the sectoral indices in the exchange.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Web-based converged infrastructure co Nutanix to enter Indian marketWeb-based converged infrastructure co Nutanix to enter Indian market
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Nov 5:  
Nutanix, a Web-based converged infrastructure company, has announced its entry into the Indian market and plans to build a team of skilled engineers in Bangalore. As a part of its go-to-market strategy, Nutanix will also look at partnering with system integrators such as Infosys in virtualisation, storage and servers, providing outreach to small, medium and large enterprises across the country, the company said in a statement.
Further, it has also disclosed its strategic relationship with Dell, which will provide a new series of converged technology infrastructure appliances. This is in line with Nutanix’s objective to simplify operations, design, management and growth of enterprise data-centres with a 100 per cent software-defined system. This helps optimise any virtual workload, and solves CIO challenges arising from the proliferation of new technologies such as cloud, analytics, mobility and social media, company officials said.
Powered by Nutanix software and built on Dell PowerEdge servers, the Dell XC Series of Web-powered Converged Appliances will offer a hyper-converged server, storage and networking appliance that addresses the needs of low-cost, highly efficient data storage. Nutanix’s NOS software scales out to add capacity and performance. The operating system provides enterprise class support for scale-out virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI), big data, private cloud and branch office computing, said Dheeraj Pandey, co-founder of Nutanix.
“Right now companies in India in areas such as e-commerce are struggling to put together a technology infrastructure that can scale both for their existing and future requirements,” according to Sanchit Gogia, analyst, Greyhound Research.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Telangana House adjourned till Nov 7Telangana House adjourned till Nov 7
K V Kurmanath
Hyderabad, Nov 5:  
The Telangana Assembly Speaker, Sirikonda Madhusudhana Chary, has adjourned the House till November 7.
The House met for a little over one hour this morning. The Finance Minister, Eatela Rajender, presented the maiden Budget for the new State.
The Speaker adjourned the House soon after Rajender completed the presentation.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

European equities set to bounce higherStocks rise on Republican win and jobs data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4c11ef0-649a-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reforms not about one sensational idea: FM Arun Jaitley at India EconomicSummitPrint
Arun Jaitley expressed hope that the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill would be passed in the next session of Parliament. (PTI)
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:46 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:38 am
Re-iterating the NDA government’s commitment to economic reforms, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said that reforms are not about one big idea but a continuous process.
“We need to pursue a positive direction…. Reforms are not about one sensational idea,” he said at the India Economic Summit that is co-organised by the World Economic Forum and CII.
The finance minister expressed hope that the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill would be passed in the next session of Parliament. He also announced that the government would continue with efforts on disinvestment and said that reforms similar to coal block allocation would be considered for other minerals as well.
Pointing out that one bad idea can impact the economy adversely, the minister said that the provision on retrospective taxation was one such proposal that damaged the economy.
Jaitley also expressed satisfaction about the direction of reforms under the NDA government till now. “I am satisfied by the steps taken… we will take time to rectify the economy,” he said.
During the interaction, he also said that the government was open to privatisation of some loss making PSUs.

Law taking its own course as Odisha chit fund scam probe kicksoffPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneshwar | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:41 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 1:05 pm
“The law will take its own course” has been so much of a refrain by Naveen Patnaik in last 14 years of his chief ministership that now it has become an old chestnut. Whenever any officer or partyman was found to be involved in any scam or corrupt deals, Naveen parried away queries of media and opposition with just one sentence that effectively shut everyone up. Of course, no one in Orissa till date knows if law indeed took its course in hundreds of cases filed by vigilance or state police. If at all it did, it never went up to the doors of politicians. Only the lowliest cogs in the official hierarchy were paraded as the main perpetrators in most of the corruption deals.
But Tuesday’s arrest of Ramchandra Hansda, his party MP from Mayurbhanj and ex-MLAs Subarna Naik and Hitesh Bagartti by CBI in the Nabadiganta chit fund scam may have inadvertently made Naveen’s refrain come true. Just four days ago his party’s ex-chief whip and senior party MLA Pravat Tripathy was in CBI net over his links with chit fund group Artha Tatwa.
Of the 44 chit fund groups that are being probed by the CBI, so far four politicians – three of them from BJD and one forsaken by BJP – and a former advocate general have been arrested in cases involving two chit fund groups. One can only guess how many politicians would be behind bars when CBI is over with probing the rest 42 groups including the influential chit fund group Seashore with which government did a sort of public-private partnership in tourism, agriculture and health sectors.
Though the probe started in July-end this year after an order by the Supreme Court in May this year, almost three years after the scam blew up in the government’s face, it seems the law is slowly taking its course.
Contrast this with probe by state CID and Bhubaneswar commissionerate police that claimed to be investigating the chit fund companies, but did not go beyond a few usual suspects. The state police and CID took the easier way out by attaching the assets of these companies, but did not try to find how they raised in so much money from public in so little time.
In short, the political and official patronage, the fuel that propels all scams, was never probed by them. Incidentally, the government chose to in deals with chit fund group Seashore despite a May 2011 warning to the Orissa chief secretary from Central Economic Intelligence Bureau that the group was essentially doing money circulation.
For sometime it looked like the state agencies believed the assertions of BJD leaders that none of their partymen was involved in the chit fund scam. The government even engaged senior advocate in SC, Gopal Subramaniam and paid a hefty fee from state exchequer to argue that CBI probe was not necessary in cases of seven chit fund companies including Artha Tatwa, Seashore and Swastik India.
The government reportedly paid Rs 35.5 lakh to Subramaniam just continued…

Blow to Obama Republicans take control of S...Blow to Obama? Republicans capture control of US Senate in midterm elections
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.27AM IST
The outcome of the elections suggested Obama would face a tougher final two years in office, complicated by greater Republican power and influence in Washington. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Republicans rode a wave of voter discontent to sweeping midterm election wins on Tuesday, seizing control of the US Senate in a punishing blow to President Barack Obama that will limit his political influence and curb his legislative agenda in his last two years in office.
Republicans won in places where Democrats were favored, like a Senate race in North Carolina, pulled out victories where the going was tough, like a Senate battle in Kansas, and swept a number of governors' races in states where Democrats were favored, like Obama's home state of Illinois.
They also strengthened their grip on the House of Representatives and when the new Congress takes power in January, will be in charge of both chambers of Congress for the first time since elections in 2006.
Obama, first elected in 2008 and again in 2012, called Democratic and Republican leaders of Congress to the White House on Friday to take stock of the new political landscape. He watched election returns from the White House, and saw little to warm his spirits.
Republican Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, who won a tough re-election battle against Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes, will replace Democrat Harry Reid as Senate majority leader.
"Some things don't change after tonight. I don't expect the president to wake up tomorrow and view the world any differently than he did when he woke up this morning. He knows I won't either. But we do have an obligation to work together on issues where we can agree," McConnell said in his victory speech in Louisville.
Republicans needed six seats to win control of the 100-member Senate, and by late evening they had seven.
The winning margin came when Iowa Republican Joni Ernst was declared the winner over Democrat Bruce Braley and Republican Thom Tillis defeated incumbent Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in North Carolina.
Republican Senate candidates also picked up Democratic seats in Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas.
The Republican surge will force Obama to scale back his legislative agenda and limit his ambitions to either executive actions that do not require legislative approval, or items that might gain bipartisan support, such as trade agreements and tax reform.
It will also test his ability to compromise with newly empowered political opponents who have been resisting his legislative agenda since he was first elected.
'TERRIFIC NIGHT'
But Republicans, hoping to win the White House in 2016, will also be under pressure to show Americans they are capable of governing after drawing scorn a year ago for shutting down the government in a budget fight.
"Tonight was a terrific night for Republicans. It was a powerful repudiation of the Obama agenda, and the Obama economy, which isn't working," Republican Senator Ted Cruz, a conservative firebrand, told CNN.
"The American people, they're frustrated with what's happening in Washington, but now the responsibility falls on us to lead," he said.
Partisan battles could erupt over immigration reform, with Obama poised to issue executive actions by year's end to defer deportations of some undocumented immigrants, and over energy policy, as Republican press the president to approve the Keystone XL pipeline carrying oil from Canada.
The Republican victory had been widely predicted ahead of Tuesday's voting to elect 36 senators, 36 state governors and all 435 members of the House of Representatives.
Election Day polling by Reuters/Ipsos found a dour mood among the electorate with less than one-third of voters believing the country is headed in the right direction.
Midterm Elections In The US
of 6
Midterm Elections In The US
Text: AFP
Today Americans head to the polls to cast their vote in the mid-term elections, which will decide whether Republicans or Democrats will control the Senate.
In Pic: A man fills walks past voting signs displayed outside a polling station during the mid-term elections November 4.
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections at Bellarmine University November 4, 2014 in Louisville, Kentucky.
Sen. Mitch McConnell waits after voting in midterm elections
Senate Minority Leader U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) waits after voting in midterm elections with his wife Elaine Chao at Bellarmine University.
In Pic: Senator Mitch McConnell with wife Elaine Chao
Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters
Clay Aiken, Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in North Carolina's Second District, poses for a selfie with supporters.
In Pic: Democratic Candidate for US Congress Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters.
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker on his back during a campaign stop one day before the mid-term elections.
Next

Max India surges 10% as FM says amended Insurance Bill could get cleared soonArun Jaitley hopes passage of amended insurance bill in Winter Session; Max India surges 10%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 01.58PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Amended insurance bill proposes…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Max India surged over 10 per cent in intraday trade after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said he hoped the amended Insurance Bill will be tabled in the Winter Session of Parliament.
"When we were in the government on the last occasion we had opened up the Insurance sector. At that time, probably the political system had appetite for that limited opening up," he said at World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit.
"We are now liberalising it a little more. I do hope that the amended bill would be passed in the forthcoming session of parliament later this month," he added.
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill (2008) proposes to revise Section 45 to state that no claim can be repudiated after three years under any circumstance.
An internal committee of the insurance sector regulator Irda has recommended hiking FDI in all insurance sector intermediaries like brokers, surveyors, third-party administrators (TPAs) and web aggregators to 49 per cent from the present 26 per cent, say reports.
The proposed hike in FDI limit is expected to result in inflow of $5 billion over the next 5 years.
Max India is one of the insurance companies that is likely to benefit from reforms in the sector.
At 12:40 p.m.; Max India was up 6.04 per cent at Rs 388. It rallied 10.35 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 403.80.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sajjan Kumar  Tytler in Delhi Cong s poll panelCong denies appointments to Sajjan Kumar, Tytler
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 12:51 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:41 IST(6/11/2014)
The Congress denied on Wednesday that it had named anti-Sikh riots-accused Sajjan Kumar and Jagdish Tytler, among others, in a committee to monitor the campaign for Delhi assembly elections.
The clarification came after TV channles started flashing reports on Kumar and Tytler.
According to these TV reports, Delhi Congress chief Arvinder Singh Lovely, Ajay Maken, Shakeel Ahmed and Harun Yusuf were some of the members of the Election Command Committee. Reports also said former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit’s son, Sandeep Dikshit, has not been included in the panel.
Later, Congress leader Ahmed told ANI no such panel had been formed.
Elections are scheduled in Delhi in January-end or early February before the President’s rule comes to an end in the Capital.

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on November 5Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on November 5
Arun Jaitley hopes passage of amended insurance bill in Winter Session; Max India surges 10%Arun Jaitley hopes passage of amended insurance bill in Winter Session; Max India surges 10%
Corporate : Reliance Mutual Fund buys 3.79% stake in Vindhya TelelinksCorporate : Reliance Mutual Fund buys 3.79% stake in Vindhya Telelinks
Rupee trades strongerRupee trades stronger
Republicans capture control of Senate in US midterm electionsRepublicans capture control of Senate in US midterm elections
Ban on TV9 lifted partially in TelanganaBan on TV9 lifted partially in Telangana
KV Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 5:  
The ban on telecast of TV9 programmes in Telangana has been partially lifted and all the cable TV distributors under Hathway network have resumed telecasting the programmes.
The ban on ABN Andhra Jyothy, however, is still continuing.
Hathway has a majority share in the cable TV network in the State, followed by the Siti Cable network that is yet to revive the telecast of TV9 programmes.
The telecast had been stopped by the MSOs (multiple system operators) from June because of alleged derogatory programmes, making sarcastic comments on Telangana legislators.
TV9 moved the Telecom Disputes and Settlements Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) challenging the decision of MSOs. After listening to the arguments from both the sides, the tribunal directed the MSOs to resume telecast of the programmes. It, however, asked the channel to strictly follow the programme code and not to hurt the feelings of viewers.
Meanwhile, reporters of ABN Andhra Jyothi held a sit-in at the Media Point of the Assembly on Wednesday morning, demanding the immediate lift of blockade on their channel.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Black buck case setback: SC questions relief to Salman KhanBJP working to erode institution of reservation: Mayawati
The Supreme Court today reserved the order on the Rajasthan government’s appeal against suspending conviction of actor Salman Khan in the in the 16-year-old black buck poaching case which allegedly took place in Kankani village near Jodhpur.
The top court questioned if Salman Khan deserved relief only to enable him travel to the UK and reminded that he remains a convict.
“Should a politician’s conviction be also stayed since he would be disqualified as MP/MLA and face hardship?” SC asked Salman Khan’s counsel.
Rajasthan High Court had suspended Salman Khan’s conviction after the UK denied him visa on this ground. The apex court said the HC order wasn’t on merit.
“Life of a hero may depend on age and charm but Salman got all reliefs from governmental & courts… HC order is exceptional,” said the Supreme Court.
TAGS: Black Buck Case Salman Khan
More from miscellaneous

Business Today-YES Bank Survey on India s Best CFOs 2014business today-yes bank survey on india s best cfos 2014
Rupee gains in noon tradeRupee gains in noon trade
Maruti launches new Alto K10; price starts at Rs 3.06 lakhHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti launches new Alto K10; price starts at Rs 3.06 lakh
S Ronendra Singh
The Alto K10
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Maruti Suzuki India on Monday launched the new Alto K10 priced between Rs 3.06 lakh and Rs 3.81 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi).
The new Alto K10 has also an automatic version which is priced at Rs 3.80 lakh.
The non-automatic version is priced between Rs 3.06 lakh and Rs 3.57 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi).
The CNG version is priced at Rs 3.81 lakh.
"Having won millions of customers we decided to upgrade an already successful car with a full model change that makes Alto K10 taller, wider and roomier," Kenichi Ayukawa, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, MSIL, said here at the launch.
In addition to a new look, the car has a fuel efficiency of 24.07 km per litre, around 15% higher than the outgoing version.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Letters to the editor: Right time to uniteMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Right time to unite
There can be no second opinion that one leader who richly deserves theTamil Nadu chief minister’s chair but has missed it so far is MDMK’s Vaiko. It is an indisputable fact that he is a great scholar in Tamil, powerful orator, one who is always there to fight against any injustice done to Tamils and to protect their cause at any cost and more than anything, liked across the political spectrum. It was really unfortunate that he had to leave the DMK and part ways with his mentor Karunanidhi because of accusations against him which were later found to be fabricated by vested interests to divide the DMK. Otherwise, by now, he would have risen to a deserving and enviable position within the DMK and would have become an unbeatable force.
However, it is really laudable that realising the importance and necessity of leaders like Vaiko, the aged Karunanidhi and his son Stalin have offered an olive leaf to Vaiko and the MDMK leader has also very graciously acknowledged and accepted his gesture, particularly at a time when the political scenario in Tamil Nadu is passing through a very critical phase. As both Stalin and Vaiko have never been accused of any corruption or misuse of power and are known to be leaders with administrative acumen, one hopes that the mega alliance envisaged by the DMK would fructify and, when in saddle, these two leaders would work in tandem with the other allies and see that the best of benefits reach the people of Tamil Nadu.
Tharcius Fernando, Chennai
Plug Aadhaar loopholes
The government now intends to compulsorily link mobile phone SIMs with Aadhaar to curb the misuse of mobile phones for anti-social activities. The government claims that it is impossible to duplicate the Aadhaar, which has biometric information of a person linked to it. But this has been proved wrong as just few days back in Mangalore branch of a Mumbai head-quartered PSU bank, a person fraudulently opened a savings account with a duplicate Aadhaar number and defrauded the bank of R24 lakh by encashing three forged LIC cheques. In fact, the Mumbai head office of this PSU Bank brought this fact to the attention of the UIDAI which should help them in investigating and understanding the modus operandi of the fraudsters in generating duplicate Aadhaar card. Only then can the UIDAI come out with additional security features to the Aadhaar card and remove the shortcomings in the present system. At least now, the UIDAI should unilaterally take up the matter and investigate how the fraudsters managed to prepare a duplicate Aadhaar card and number, so that in the future the loopholes in the Aadhaar can be plugged.
Ravi Kiran Rai, Mangalore
Please send your letters to:
The Editor,The Financial Express, 9&10 Bahadur Shah
Zafar Marg, New Delhi-110 002
or e-mail at: feletters@expressindia.com or fax at
Delhi: 91-11-23702044
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

When battle lines take a tangentUpdated: November 3, 2014 19:27 IST
When battle lines take a tangent
MINI ANTHIKAD-CHHIBBER
AP This image released by Columbia Pictures shows Matt Damon, left, and George Clooney in "The Monuments Men."
Special arrangement Film Title: Inglourious Basterds
Special arrangement
English cinema
While David Ayer’s Fury is a straight forward WWII film about the heroics of an armoured division, here is a look at World War films that went beyond bravery and bullets
A couple of weeks ago The Guns of Navarone was aired on telly for the zillionth time. Watching the 1961 film based on Alistair Maclean’s 1957 novel of the same name, was an excuse to gawp at the vast canvas and be immensely chuffed at the derring-do of an Allied forces commando team taking out an indestructible German fortress during World War II. One could unashamedly root for Gregory Peck as an officer and gentlemen, Keith Mallory, David Niven as the prickly corporal Miller and Anthony Quinn as Andrea with revenge burning coldly in his heart. The movie was part of the big budget, multi-starrer war movies of the time and like the others, took a black-and-white view of the World War. Fury, released this week, is a gorier throwback on war movies of yore.
There have been war movies that drew a different picture of combat from the uber realistic—Apocalypse Now, Platoon and Saving Private Ryan to the savagely satirical — Catch 22. Here is a look at recent World War movies that tell different stories.
The Enemy at the Gates (2001)
A love story set against the backdrop of the Battle of Stalingrad in World War II, The Enemy at the Gates also is the tale of two snipers and the power of propaganda. Based on a non-fiction book on the battle of Stalingrad by William Craig, the film directed by Jean Jacques Annaud tells of an ace sniper, Vassili Zaitsev who is used as icon in the Army papers to boost troop morale by Commissar Danilov. A German Major, Erwin König, decides to kill Vassili and thus crush the morale of the troops. Jude Law as Vassili, Joseph Fiennes as Danilov, Ed Harris as König and Rachel Weisz as Tania who both Vassili and Danilov are romantically interested in, add to the terrible beauty of the film.
The Good German (2006)
Based on a Joseph Kanon novel, Steven Soderbergh’s The Good German is set in Berlin following the end of WWII. The movie starts off as a murder mystery but soon reveals the mandatory can of worms. The poster and ending are homage to the classic, Casablanca. While the movie is in black and white and evokes the look and feel of 1940s’ noir, the sex and the swearing place it very firmly in the new millennium. Gorgeous George Clooney plays Jake Geismar, an American war correspondent covering the Potsdam negotiations. Tobey Maguire plays Jake’s wheeler dealer driver who ends up getting murdered. Cate Blanchett plays Lena Brandt, the wife of the good German who was in a relationship with Jake before the war. Slinky, stylish and supremely gripping, The Good German shows the causalities of war beyond broken bodies and minds.
Inglourious Basterds (2009)
Quentin Tarantino’s 2009 film was a wild, whacky ride through alternate history. Featuring two assassination plots converging at a film premiere, a team of bloodthirsty Jewish-American soldiers and an evil SS colonel, the film was all one has come to expect from a Tarantino film. There is conversation as character, quirky chapter headings, oddball moments, almost unbearable tension, jingly, jangly music, contra-casting and horrific, casual violence. While Brad Pitt as Aldo Raine, the leader of the Inglourious Basterds, Diane Kruger as the double agent Bridget von Hammersmark and Mélanie Laurent, the cinema proprietor are good, Christoph Waltz is beyond brilliant as Hans Landa the suavely cruel SS colonel.
The Monuments Men (2014)
The movie written, directed and co-produced by George Clooney plays straight but it is the concept that is so hatke that earns The Monuments Men a place in this list. Based on Robert M. Edsel’s non-fiction book, The Monuments Men: Allied Heroes, Nazi Thieves and the Greatest Treasure Hunt in History, the film tells the story of a group of seven men tasked with saving works of art and culturally important artefacts.
Crinkly-eyed Clooney as the leader of the team, Matt Damon as the curator of the Met, Bill Murray as proud grandpa and Hugh Bonneville as the barely-sober aristocrat make up the motley crew while Cate Blanchett lends her icy fire as Claire, the curator keeping a ledger of the Nazi looting.
The Monuments Men might not seem like they are blowing up bridges or destroying anti-aircrafts gun nests, but the work they do is equally important and finding the stash of Nazi gold goes a long way in winning the day.

Taylor Swift removes music from SpotifyTaylor Swift removes music from Spotify
Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bba154a8-637f-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Re-launch of gold deposit scheme can cut imports'Re-launch of gold deposit scheme can cut imports by 250 tonne'
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 17:30 IST
The country's gold imports could come down by 250 tonnes a year if the government re-launches a gold deposit scheme and mobilises at least one per cent of estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock lying with Indians, according to the gold and silver refiner MMTC Pamp.
The current gold deposit scheme, launched in 1999, is beyond the reach of most households as it mandates a minimum deposit of 500 grams.
Only temples and trusts are taking advantage of this scheme and not the general householders. There is a need to re-launch a gold deposit scheme with a minimum 40 grams of gold deposits.
"Even if we mobilise one per cent of the estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock, we will be able reduce imports by 250 tonnes a year," MMTC Pamp Managing Director Rajesh Khosla said.
The company has proposed a minimum gold deposit of 40 grams after carrying out a survey of 5,000 households across the country.
The RBI has said the proposal looks alright and we are now waiting for a notification, he said.
Stating that India's gold demand is unlikely to come down even if the government further tightens import norms, Khosla said. The only way is to get the idle gold in circulation through a gold deposit scheme tailored specially for general households and not for banks and large gold holders.
The proposed scheme will help in balancing the huge gap between demand and supply and bring down the current account deficit (CAD), he added. If the proposed scheme takes off, Khosla said the company will act as an enabler in the gold deposit scheme since it is the only refinery to be accredited with London Bullion Markets Association.
MMTC Pamp, a joint venture between state-run MMTC and Switzerland's PAMP, said under the proposed scheme it will collect, assay, transport, refine and re-transport gold as instructed by banks. India, the world's largest gold consumer, imports 800-900 tonnes of yellow metal every year. The country is estimated to have imported 410 tonnes in the first half of this fiscal.

Brussels cuts 2015 eurozone forecastsEuropean Commission slashes eurozone forecasts
Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c327312-6400-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Live blog: US 2014 midterm election resultsRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Swift-Spotify row reflects wider cracksTaylor Swift, Spotify and an industry unsure how to make money
Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/735003f6-6411-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singer of discontentNovember 4, 2014 5:48 pm
Singer of discontent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e68b3ea0-6428-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US 2014 midterm election resultsRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Congress will bounce back under Sonia  Rahul: Oomen ChandyBJP working to erode institution of reservation: Mayawati
Launching a yatra aimed at galvanising party cadres, Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy today asserted Congress would come back strongly under the leadership of Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi.
Flagging off the more than a month-long road campaign ‘Janapaksha Yatra’ by KPCC President V M Sudheeran from Kumbala in this district, he said the programme was being taken up at a time when the people of the country “wished the Congress to attain more strength”.
The Left parties which had rejoiced at the defeat of Congress in Lok Sabha elections were now repenting, he said.
Left parties’ “blind opposition” to Congress party contributed to their rout in the Parliament election, he added.
“We do not consider the people as our enemy for the party’s defeat,” he said, adding “We will remain with the people and correct our shortcomings and move forward… that is the tradition of the party.”
AICC General Secretary Mukul Vasnik in his speech lauded the Congress party’s work in the state.
Others who spoke included Sudheeran and Kerala Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala.
TAGS: Congress Oomen Chandy Oomen Chandy Congress Rahul Gandhi Sonia Gandhi
More from miscellaneous

Jaitley at WEF: Reforms are not about one sensational idea |  Govt on right pathArun Jaitley
(Expressing satisfaction…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government was open to the idea of privatising loss-making stateowned companies and promised reforms, including further opening up of railways, a re-look at the land acquisition law, auction of mineral assets for mining and further liberalisation of insurance sector.
Measures have been taken to end crony capitalism and create a fair, transparent and conducive environment for businesses, Jaitley said at the India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum in New Delhi on Wednesday. Referring to the decision to auction coal blocks after the SC cancelled earlier allotments, he said the element of discretion in the hands of the state has almost disappeared and promised a similar regime for other minerals.
The government has issued an ordinance to facilitate the sale of coal blocks and enable the entry of private companies in commercial mining. "And hence once you take decisions of these kinds (it will) eliminate the possibility of corruption, collateral consideration or crony capitalism as you call it....Investors could look for a system which is fair-...Not a system on which they have to entirely depend on the largesse of politicians and ministers," he said. Jaitley said, adding that reforms are a long journey and the government has only just begun.
Jaitley, who also handles the defence and corporate affairs portfolios, said reforms were not about one sensational idea, perhaps hitting out at those who criticised the government for the lack of bigbang ideas. "You can damage the economy by one bad idea. Retrospective taxation is one bad idea that damaged the economy," he said, alluding to a decision by the previous government that was seen as a key factor generating negative sentiment about the country. Jaitley said the government is looking at several areas, including labour reforms and the privatisation of some public sector undertakings that were not doing well, but it needed to build support for some measures. "I would be open to look at some set of PSUs which could do much better in private hands.
There are still a large number of them which are almost on the verge of closure, where people are going to lose employment. So, given a choice between their continuing in the present shape or getting privatised, then the second option would be a preferable option," he said. "Currently, they are being sustained merely on governmental support -- now that is not a long-term solution. Taxpayers cannot continue to pay for loss-making businesses," he said. As of March 2013, there were 50 central PSUs that had incurred losses continuously for three years. The minister said it is far more challenging to implement reforms in a developing society, as public opinion cannot be confronted.
While some steps had been taken to reform labour laws, others in the political system still needed to be convinced in order to move further in that direction. He reiterated his view that reforms are the art of the possible. Jaitley said the impact of the measures taken by the Narendra Modi government, which took office in May, will become visible soon. "I am quite certain that it is only a matter of time when the ground results start reflecting on the cumulative effect of these steps," he said. There is a considerable amount of buzz about India and people are becoming convinced that India would once again be a place to invest and those within the country who were looking outside are probably reconsidering their decision, he said. As far as access to foreign investors is concerned, the government will follow a sectoral approach.
He said the government had eased the foreign direct investment limit in defence, real estate and railways. On insurance reforms, he said the government was hopeful of getting the insurance bill passed in the winter session. "When we were in government last time, we had opened up the insurance sector... At that time, the political system had an appetite for a limited opening," he said.
Responding to a query on the land acquisition law, he said the focus would be on easing procedural complications. He said he had no quarrel with the increase in compensation proposed by the law and added that he would need to deal with the provision that disallows private schools, hospitals and hotels on land acquired by the government. The new law has been criticised for stalling land acquisition because of the cumbersome process prescribed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

David Kennedy appointed executive VP at Infosysbetter place
(Infosys has appointed David…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys has appointed David Kennedy as executive vice president and general counsel for the company effective 1 November.
Kennedy, who holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and was awarded the Juris Doctor (J.D) from The University of Connecticut School of Law, will be based out of Palo Alto, California. Prior to joining Infosys, Kennedy has held leadership positions in companies such as IBM , JDA Software and Better Place .
Earlier in June, when Vishal Sikka was named the first non-founder CEO of Infosys, the company elevated twelve senior vice presidents to the rank of executive vice presidents. Eight of these report to Sikka directly while four of the EVPs report to chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao.
"We are really excited to have David join us at Infosys as our General Counsel. Having served in leading legal roles at prominent technology companies over a 25 year career, David brings diverse and rich experience to lead this key dimension in the evolution of Infosys as we reshape into a next-generation services company," said Sikka.
Sikka is trying to turn around the fortunes of the one-time industry bellwether by putting in place a new strategy that includes increased fcus on automation, artificial intelligence and design thinking.
Since Sikka, a former member of the Executive Board of SAP AG, took over at the country's second-largest software company on August 1, seven SAP executives, including five SVPs, have switched loyalties to join Infosys.
Over the past year, Infosys' position as an employer of choice took a hit as the company saw a slew of senior and mid level exits. Sikka has also reached out to former Infosys employees and asked them to rejoin the company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways to fly to Ho Chi Minh CityJet Airways to fly to Ho Chi Minh City
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Expanding its international operations, private carrier Jet Airways today included Ho Chi Minh City in its network with the launch of a daily flight to the Vietnamese commercial capital via Bangkok from here.
“Ho Chi Minh City will be our 22nd international destination in our network and this flight, connecting Delhi and Mumbai via Bangkok to the Vietnamese city will not only provide a seamless connectivity to business travellers but also to the religious travellers,” said Raj Shivkumar, Chief Commercial officer, Jet Airways.
He said Vietnam is turning out to be a preferred destination for holiday travellers and also Indian business were increasing their presence in that country, and a flight via Bangkok would be an added advantage for the business and tourism travellers, which would have second flight to the Thai city.
“This would also given an option to the passengers from Delhi to several destinations of their choice in ASEAN region while they transit over Bangkok,” Shivkumar said.
The inaugural flight (9W—064), operated on a Boeing 737—800 with 168 passengers and crew, and took off from Terminal 3 of the IGI Airport here after a multi—faith puja, in which Ambassador of Vietnam to India, Ton Sinh Thanh also participated along with airlines officials.
The flight would take off from IGI Airport at 8.55 AM, and arrive Bangkok at 1430 hours local time. It would depart from Bangkok at 1545 hours and arrive in Ho Chi Minh City’s Tan Son Nhat International Airport at 1715 hours.
On its return leg, flight 9W-063 would take off from Ho Chi Minh City at 1815 hours and arrive in Bangkok at 1945 hours, from where it would depart at 2030 hours for Delhi and arrive here at 2359 hours.
The new service has been introduced following signing of a memorandum of understanding (MoU) in September between Jet Airways and Vietnam’s flag carrier Vietnam Airlines.
Shivkumar said in the coming days, the airline would connect more Indian cities with international destinations.
The airline will soon launch direct flights to Abu Dhabi from Lucknow and Goa and in this winter schedule, it plans to join Ahmedabad and Pune with Abu Dhabi.
The private carrier had also launched some additional flights to Gulf, and enhanced frequencies from Mumbai to Doha and Colombo.
Jet operates daily flights to Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Dubai, Doha, Kuwait, Sharjah, Muscat, Jeddah and Riyadh, making it the largest operator between India and the Gulf.
Besides adding flights to Gulf, Jet has introduced a second direct service on the Mumbai-Colombo-Mumbai sector, providing onward connections to Dubai and Abu Dhabi to the Gulf, Bangkok, Singapore and Hong Kong in the Far East and to North America via Brussels and London Heathrow with direct and code share flights.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena red flags Fadnavis Vidarbha separationplanPrint
The Shiv Sena president was accompanied by 63 of his newly elected MLAs and promised to return with 180 in the next assembly election. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:18 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:23 pm
Describing BJP’s stand on separate statehood for Vidarbha akin to “protectors becoming perpetrators”, the Shiv Sena on Wednesday reminded its former ally of the resounding mandate it got in Vidarbha and said the vote was in favour of development and not for a separate statehood.
“The BJP won handsomely in the Vidarbha region in the recently held Assembly elections. But they should not think they have got this mandate to divide Maharashtra. Separating Vidarbha from Maharashtra is like separating a child from its mother,” the Sena said in an edit in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
“When a CM who hails from Vidarbha talks about its separation, it is just like the protector of Maharashtra getting ready to become a perpetrator or wrongdoer,” it added.
The Sena said that instead of speaking about separation of Vidarbha, the BJP should concentrate on developing the region.
“While on his first visit to Nagpur after becoming the CM, (Devendra) Fadnavis said that Vidarbha will be carved out at an appropriate time. Instead, he should have spoken about the development of the region. He should have spoken about empowering the security agencies in Naxal-hit areas like Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,” the Sena said.
Its hypocrisy on the part of BJP to now talk about carving out a separate state, when the same party accused the Congress of making a mistake when it created Telangana from Andhra Pradesh, it said.
“We only hope that the ‘Fadnavis Express’ runs straight on the path of development of Vidarbha and does not wobble in between. The CM should working towards fulfilling the dreams of 105 martyrs who sacrificed their lives for ‘Akhand (united) Maharashtra,” the Sena added.

Amnesty: Israel committed war crimes in GazawarPrint
FILE - In this July 26, 2014 file photo, a Palestinian woman reacts after seeing her destroyed house during a 12-hour cease-fire in Gaza City's Shijaiyah neighborhood. A leading human rights group has accused Israel of committing war crimes during this summer's war in Gaza. Amnesty International says Israel displayed "callous indifference" in attacks on family homes in the densely populated coastal strip that in some cases amounted to war crimes. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:07 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:58 pm
A leading human rights group has accused Israel of committing war crimes during this summer’s war in Gaza.
Amnesty International says Israel displayed “callous indifference” in attacks on family homes in the densely populated coastal strip that in some cases amounted to war crimes.
FILE – In this July 26, 2014 file photo, Palestinians inspect the damage of their destroyed houses during a 12-hour cease-fire in Gaza City’s Shijaiyah neighborhood. A leading human rights group has accused Israel of committing war crimes during this summer’s war in Gaza. Amnesty International says Israel displayed “callous indifference” in attacks on family homes in the densely populated coastal strip that in some cases amounted to war crimes. (Source: AP)
The criticism came in a report released Wednesday.
The 50-day war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, most of them civilians, and 72 people on the Israeli side, all but six soldiers.
In this July 19, 2014 file photo, Palestinians mourners pray over the lifeless bodies of nine Palestinians killed in an early morning continued…

Telangana govt presents maiden budget amid BJP protest over farmersuicidesPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:49 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 12:50 pm
BJP MLAs of Telangana walked to the Assembly carrying lanterns to underline the worsening power crisis in the state as Finance Minister Etala Rajender presented the new state’s maiden budget today.
The five BJP MLAs including G Kishan Reddy, Telangana Unit chief, walked from the junction near the Assembly complex carrying lanterns, and placards highlighting the plight of farmers who were committing suicide due to lack of power and water. When they tried to enter the Assembly building they were stopped by security guards who refused them entry if they carried the lanterns.
The Finance Minister presented a budget with a total expenditure of 100637 crores for ten months. Rajender said that suggestions were sought from people from across the state right from the village level and the government tried to address the concerns of everyone. Non-plan expenditure is Rs 51,989 crores and plan expenditure is Rs 48,648 crores while the fiscal deficit is pegged at Rs 17,398 crores.
Presenting the budget, the minister said: “We suffered many insults in this very House during previous governments. Telangana was refused even one rupee. Today we are able to present our own budget for the welfare of Telangana state.”
Rs 2,282 crore allocated for medical and health sector and a medical university would be set up at Warangal. To improve facilities and enhance the station of education, Rs 10956 crore has been allocated. Rs 2228 crore would be allocated for BC welfare and Rs 1030 crore for minority welfare. Rs 50 crore allocated for making Telangana as the seed bank of the nation.
The government will repair and develop 45000 minor tanks and reservoirs in the next five years while Rs 2000 crore allocated to improve and rejuvenate 9000 water reservoirs and tanks this year. Four lift irrigation schemes would be completed this year in Mahabubnagar and a total of Rs 6500 crore would be allocated for this. The Hyderabad Metro Rail project, the power and water crisis are also expected to be addressed in the budget.

Australia to staff Ebola hospital in SierraLeonePrint
Spain's Health Minister Ana Mato walks past members of the media as she leaves a news conference on the first reported incident of Ebola transmission outside Africa, in Madrid, Spain, Monday, Oct. 6, 2014. A Spanish nurse who treated a missionary for the disease at a Madrid hospital tested positive for the virus, Mato said Monday. The female nurse was part of the medical team that treated a 69-year-old Spanish priest who died in a hospital last month after being flown back from Sierra Leone, where he was posted. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Canberra | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:49 pm
Australia’s prime minister said Wednesday that his government expects to staff a British-built Ebola hospital in Sierra Leone by the end of the month after reaching a deal with Britain on treating Australian health workers who might become infected with the deadly disease.
For weeks, Australia has refused requests from the United States and Britain to send health teams to West Africa to fight Ebola, which has killed almost 5,000 people, mostly in the worst-hit countries of Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea.
But Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Wednesday that while his government would not compel Australian health professionals to go Africa, it was now prepared to pay the way for doctors and nurses who volunteer to go there.
Abbott said Australia changed its stance because Britain guaranteed it would treat any Australian health worker infected with Ebola.
“In the last few days, we have had assurances from the United Kingdom they would treat any Australian who is working in the Ebola-impacted parts of West Africa as though he or she were a citizen of the United Kingdom,” Abbott told reporters.
He said Australians would be among the 240 people required to operate the 100-bed British hospital being built in Sierra Leone, but that most of the staffers would be local.
Australia has contracted an Australian company, Aspen Medical, to staff the hospital with local and international staff.
The new commitment increases Australia’s contribution to fighting Ebola in Africa from 18 million Australian dollars ($16 million) to AU$42 million.

Mulling divestment of Eagle Ford midstream b...Reliance owns a 49.9 per cent stake in the business, EFS Midstream LLC, while Pioneer is the operator with a 50.1 per cent stake in the Eagle Ford midstream system.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries Inc on Wednesday said it had agreed to consider the divestment of its Eagle Ford Shale midstream joint venture with partner Pioneer Natural Resources Co.
Reliance owns a 49.9 per cent stake in the business, EFS Midstream LLC, while Pioneer is the operator with a 50.1 per cent stake in the Eagle Ford midstream system, which consists of 10 central gathering plants and about 460 miles of pipelines.
Pioneer will redeploy capital from the sale to its core oil rich assets in West Texas, and currently has no plans to divest its upstream assets in the Eagle Ford shale, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
Reliance, which Reuters reported is seeking a buyer for its 45 per cent stake in its Eagle Ford joint oil and natural gas venture, did not mention its plans for the upstream assets.
The midstream business was set up in 2010 to construct facilities to handle condensate and natural gas from wells in the Eagle Ford shale and Pioneer's cash flow from the business is expected to be over $100 million in 2015, according to the company's statement.
Reliance said in a statement to the exchange that its current investment in EFS Midstream was $208 million.
Reliance shares were down 0.73 per cent at 995 rupees in mid-day trade in a broader market that was up 0.17 per cent.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Lafarge to approach 9-bn euro yr-end debt ta...Chairman and Chief Executive Bruno Lafont made the comments to reporters on Wednesday as he presented third-quarter results.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: French cement maker Lafarge "will approach" its previous target of reducing debt below 9 billion euros ($11.3 billion) by the end of 2014 but is no longer aiming at it, having suspended all asset sales not connected with its merger with Holcim .
Chairman and Chief Executive Bruno Lafont made the comments to reporters on Wednesday as he presented third-quarter results.
Lafarge said in its quarterly results that some 1.4 billion euros of divestment proceeds had been secured since the beginning of the year and that 900 million of further receipts should mostly arrive in the fourth quarter and contribute to net debt reduction.
Net debt after the first nine months of 2014 stood at 10.271 billion euros.

Markets remain choppy; BSE Metal index down 3%Markets remain choppy; BSE Metal index down 3%
Republican LePage re-elected as Maine governorRepublican LePage re-elected as Maine governor
Jaitley promises corruption free  fair biz environmentHi Guest
Jaitley promises corruption free, fair biz environment
Committing to more reforms and eliminating corruption, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said steps taken by the new government were aimed at creating fair and transparent business environment and ending crony capitalism. The government was also looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws, the minister said, while adding that the reforms can't be just ‘one sensational idea’. "You can damage the ...

Pidilite Q2 net up 17.23% at Rs 138.9 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Pidilite Q2 net up 17.23% at Rs 138.9 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Pidilite Industries Ltd today reported a 17.23 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 138.9 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 118.48 crore in the same quarter last fiscal.
Pidilite Industries’ net sales during the quarter under review increased by 14.12 per cent to Rs 1,248.56 crore as against Rs 1,094.07 crore in the corresponding period last year, the company said in a BSE filing.
For the half-year period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 307.42 crore as against Rs 279.47 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
Net sales of the company for the half year period rose to Rs 2,586.66 crore as compared to Rs 2,212.88 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
Shares of Pidilite were trading at Rs 405 apiece, down 1.28 per cent from the previous close on the BSE.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Stone India bags solar power plant orderHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Stone India bags solar power plant order
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 5:  
GP Goenka Group outfit, Stone India Ltd, has said that it is executing its first order for solar power plant.
In a statement to the stock exchanges, Stone India said the initial order is for design, supply, installation and maintenance of the system using the company's nano-string inverter.
Railway system and product manufacturer, Stone India, has now diversified into hybrid solar power and bio-toilet systems.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Pioneer seeks to sell Eagle Ford Venture with ReliancePioneer seeks to sell Eagle Ford Venture with Reliance
NRI billionaire pledges Rs 500 crore for U khand developmentNRI billionaire pledges Rs 500 crore for U khand development
India to designate special official to war-torn Iraq  says Sushma SwarajIndia to designate special official to war-torn Iraq  says Sushma Swaraj
Century Textiles  director Amal Ganguli resignsCentury Textiles  director Amal Ganguli resigns
Ban on TV9 lifted partiallyBan on TV9 lifted partially in Telangana
KV Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 5:  
The ban on telecast of TV9 programmes in Telangana has been partially lifted and all the cable TV distributors under Hathway network have resumed telecasting the programmes.
The ban on ABN Andhra Jyothy, however, is still continuing.
Hathway has a majority share in the cable TV network in the State, followed by the Siti Cable network that is yet to revive the telecast of TV9 programmes.
The telecast had been stopped by the MSOs (multiple system operators) from June because of alleged derogatory programmes, making sarcastic comments on Telangana legislators.
TV9 moved the Telecom Disputes and Settlements Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) challenging the decision of MSOs. After listening to the arguments from both the sides, the tribunal directed the MSOs to resume telecast of the programmes. It, however, asked the channel to strictly follow the programme code and not to hurt the feelings of viewers.
Meanwhile, reporters of ABN Andhra Jyothi held a sit-in at the Media Point of the Assembly on Wednesday morning, demanding the immediate lift of blockade on their channel.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

No infrastructure  Infosys pulls out of IT park projectNew Delhi, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 18:34 IST
No infrastructure, Infosys pulls out of IT park project
PTI
Reuters Infosys had plans to build a development centre on 100 acres at the Devanahalli IT Park.
TOPICS
research and development
Infosys has pulled out of the proposed software development centre project to be set up near Bengaluru citing lack of infrastructure.
It has also asked the Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) to refund the deposit for land it has paid. Infosys has taken the step citing lack of infrastructure at the IT park to pursue its business plans.
“The company has conveyed its intention to surrender the land citing lack of infrastructure,” Infosys said in a regulatory filing.
Further, Infosys has reiterated that this does not in any way affect the operations or performance of the company, it added.
It had plans to build a development centre on 100 acres at the Devanahalli IT Park.
Infosys had proposed setting up a 20,000-seat facility at the new campus, according to its original proposal to the government. In June 2010, KIADB allotted 40 acres to Infosys, which requested for an additional 60 acres.

Bill Gates Needs 218 Years to Spend His Wealth: ReportGovernment May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
A recent report by international NGO Oxfam says it would take Microsoft cofounder Bill Gates nearly 218 years to spend his entire money, if he spends $1 million (Rs 6 crore) per day.
Drawing the spotlight at the rising inequality of wealth, Oxfam estimates that the richest 85 people on the planet owned as much wealth as the poorest half of humanity. "Between March 2013 and March 2014, these 85 people grew $668 Million (Rs 4000 crore) richer each day," the report said.
The report however praised Bill Gates for his philanthropic efforts, saying, "The decision of Bill Gates and Warren Buffet to give away their fortunes is an example to the rest of the world's billionaires."
The report ranks Bill Gates as the second richest in the world, pegging his wealth at $80 billion (Rs 4.8 lakh crore). "In reality though, he would never run out of money: even a modest return of just under two per cent would make him $4.2 million (25 crore) each day in interest alone," adds the report.
The Microsoft cofounder is ranked next to the Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim, for whom it would take 220 years to spend his entire wealth, says the report. (See the table below)
Source: Oxfam/Forbes
Titled 'Even it Up: Time to End Extreme Inequality' the report analyses economic inequality across the world.
Also drawing attention to the economic inequality in India, the report says, "Despite being a country ravaged by poverty, the number of billionaires in India has soared from two in the mid-1990s to 65."
"The net worth of India's billionaires would be enough to eliminate absolute poverty in the country twice over," it adds.
($1 = Rs 60)

IIT Kharagpur Graduate Gets Rs 91 Lakh Salary OfferYou are here: Home Careers
IIT Kharagpur Graduate Gets Rs 91 Lakh Salary Offer
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 16:50 (IST)
IIT Student Gets Rs 1.5 Crore Pay Package
A month away from final placements, IIT Kharagpur students are being flooded with pre-placement offers.
IIT officials said already around 125 students have been extended pre-placement offers and interviews, where most of the companies have increased the package offered by around 20 per cent as compared to the last batch.
The highest offer made till date stands at a staggering Rs 91 lakh, they said. International offers include those from companies like Google, Facebook, and Schlumberger.
The final placements are set to begin on December 1 in all the IITs before which a 50 per cent increase in the number of pre-placement offer is expected.
"The upcoming season is certainly looking very bright for the students. The response has been absolutely  overwhelming," said Punj Rajan, Vice-president of Technology Students' Gymkhana, IIT Kharagpur.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 16:50 (IST)

Restructured assets to rise by Rs 1 lakh cr by March: ReportRestructured assets to surge Rs 1 lakh crore by March, says India Ratings
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 18:33 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The country's banking system is likely to witness a surge in restructured assets by a whopping Rs 60,000-1,00,000 crore over the next five months, according to credit rating and research agency India Ratings.
Currently, the total bad loans and restructured assets stand at about Rs 6 lakh crore. Of this around 45 per cent (or Rs 2.55 lakh crore) constitutes non-performing assets (NPAs) and the remaining 65 per cent (or Rs 3.45 lakh crore) is restructured loans.
We expect the restructured assets in the banking system to shoot up by another Rs 60,000 crore to Rs 1 lakh crore over the next five months, India Ratings Senior Finance Director Deep N Mukherjee said in a report on Tuesday.
The domestic ratings agency has analysed the credit metrics of the top 500 corporate borrowers, with aggregate debt of Rs 28,76,000 crore, which constitutes 73 per cent of the total bank lending to industry, services and export sectors. The report said around 82 of these 500 borrowers have already been formally tagged as financially distressed or identified as non-performing assets (NPAs), or their loans have already been restructured.
Another 83, that is 17 per cent of these top corporate borrowers, accounted for 9 per cent of the overall debt (which is Rs 28.76 lakh crore) and they have severely stretched credit metrics. Within these 83 corporates, operating profitability barely covers the interest required to be serviced in most cases, and there is also the absence of any strong parent, the report said.
These corporates with severely weak credit metrics have limited expectation of an immediate improvement in profitability. India Ratings further said potentially one-third to half of these 83 accounts could be in the category of SMA-2 (special mention accounts) with delays in debt servicing ranging between 61-90 days.
"If some of these corporates are unable to generate significant cash flow or infuse significant equity in the near-term, they may be identified by their lenders for restructuring pursuant to RBI guidelines," the report said.
Some of these corporates could even deteriorate further to be tagged as NPAs, the credit rating agency said. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), since May 2013, has provided several directives and guidelines to banks with the purpose to gradually withdraw prevalent regulatory forbearance and simultaneously boost their risk management practices by early identification of stressed corporate accounts.
The calibrated withdrawal of regulatory forbearance will pick up speed from April 1, 2015 and it will require banks to keep higher provisions on restructured accounts, besides entailing a suitably stringent classification of restructured accounts as sub-standard assets.
The gradual withdrawal of regulatory forbearance could persuade banks to take a decisive call on the weak corporates that need to be restructured, the report said. Thus, there is sufficient economic motivation for banks to undertake the Rs 60,000-1,00,000 crore 'big bath', where accounts whose performance may deteriorate could be addressed at one go, enabling banks to start the 2015-16 fiscal on a relatively clean slate, the report said.

Alibaba s Net Income Up 15%  Revenue Up 54%You are here: Home Corporates
Alibaba Profits In Line With Forecasts as Revenues Rise 54%
Reuters | Updated On: November 04, 2014 19:38 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Beijing: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd reported quarterly results which showed net income rising 15.5 percent to $1.11 billion for the July-September period, meeting forecasts.
It was the Chinese e-commerce giant's first report to investors since its record-setting $25 billion listing in September.
The non-GAAP net income - which excludes the share-based compensation expenses and amortisation of intangible assets - compared with a consensus estimate of $1.17 billion based on a Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate poll of 21 analysts.
Revenue rose 53.7 per cent to $2.74 billion, versus expected sales of $2.7 billion, its fastest growth in three quarters. Diluted earnings per share were $0.20, while non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.45, up 9.4 percent year-on-year.
"We delivered a strong quarter with significant growth across our key operating metrics," said Jonathan Lu, chief executive officer of Alibaba in its earnings statement.
Mobile revenue was more than ten times higher than in the same period last year and accounted for 22 per cent of total revenues, as Alibaba continued to successfully ramp up its mobile monetisation.
Meanwhile, profit margins shrank to a two-year low of 18 per cent.
The shares were flat in pre-market trading in New York, from $101.80 at Monday's close. The stock has risen about 50 per cent from its debut price.
($1 = 6.1150 Chinese yuan)

The War On Drugs Is On The Ballot In These StatesVoters In These States Could Deal Major Blows To The Drug War
Posted:
reddit
On Tuesday, voters in several states have the chance to deal significant blows to the United States' decades-long failure of a drug war. State and local measures on the ballot could legalize recreational or medical marijuana, decriminalize possession of the plant and serve to shorten the time nonviolent drug offenders spend behind bars.
The fate of these measures is not certain. While the legalization of recreational marijuana is riding a wave of national popularity , Americans' pattern of not turning out in midterm elections could work against reformers' hopes.
"All of these races could be very close, especially since it’s a midterm election and turnout tends to be smaller, older and more conservative," said Mason Tvert, communications director for the Marijuana Policy Project. Tvert's group is backing a number of the marijuana reforms up for a vote Tuesday,
Here's a look at some of the higher-profile measures that could change the course of the drug war:
ALASKA: Voters in Alaska will be deciding on Measure 2, which would allow adults 21 and older to possess up to one ounce of marijuana and grow up to six plants for personal use (with no more than three being mature). It would establish a regulated retail marijuana market, similar to those in Colorado and Washington, which both legalized recreational cannabis in 2012. It would also permit the manufacture, sale and possession of marijuana paraphernalia, including devices for smoking or storing the plant.
Of all the marijuana measures on the ballot Tuesday, the fate of Alaska's seems the most difficult to forecast. Two polls released on the same day last month showed mixed reaction among voters, with one finding 53 percent opposed to legalization and the other showing 57 percent in favor .
Legal retail sales of cannabis could raise $72.5 million in tax revenue for the state within just the first five years -- $7 million in the first year, and $23 million by 2020 -- according to a recent report from the Marijuana Policy Group.
This is the third attempt to legalize recreational marijuana in Alaska, with voters rejecting measures in 2000 and 2004. The state is one of 23 that have already legalized medical marijuana.
OREGON: Measure 91 would permit the creation of a legally regulated recreational marijuana marketplace. Adults could possess up to eight ounces of marijuana at home and up to one ounce in public. Taxes on legal marijuana sales would fund schools, law enforcement, and drug prevention and education programs. The Oregon Liquor Control Commission would regulate and monitor the industry.
According to the latest polling, Oregon voters appear ready to say yes , if by a narrow margin.
Oregon could then reap $17 million to $40 million annually in marijuana taxes, the state financial estimate committee has projected. Personal finance website NerdWallet offers an ever higher estimate: $50 million to $100 million in annual tax revenue.
"The campaign looks strong," said Rep. Earl Blumenauer (D-Ore.), a supporter of the ballot initiative. "There is actually probably more energy and engagement around this issue than anything else on the Oregon ballot, with the possible exception of the GMO [genetically modified organisms] initiative."
"We had a rally for Senator Merkley about a week ago, and the biggest cheer of the entire event was a shout-out I gave to Measure 91," Blumenauer added.
Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.) made headlines recently when he came out in favor of marijuana legalization in Oregon during an interview with Talking Points Memo , making him the first U.S. senator to back legal cannabis .
WASHINGTON, D.C.: If Initiative 71 passes in the nation's capital, as it appears poised to do , adults there could legally possess up to two ounces of cannabis as well as cultivate up to six marijuana plants at home for personal use.
While the sale and use of drug paraphernalia would also become legal, marijuana sales would still be prohibited because current law bars D.C. voters from approving cannabis sales via ballot initiative. The D.C. Council, however, is considering a separate bill that would allow for the regulation and taxation of marijuana sales in the city.
FLORIDA: Voters could make Florida the first state in the South to legalize cannabis for medicinal purposes. Amendment 2 would allow doctors to prescribe marijuana for "debilitating medical conditions," which the bill defines as cancer, multiple sclerosis, glaucoma, hepatitis C, HIV, AIDS, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, Crohn's disease, Parkinson's disease or "other conditions for which a physician believes that the medical use of marijuana would likely outweigh the potential health risks for a patient."
As recently as May, support for medical marijuana was strong in Florida, reaching almost 90 percent in a Quinnipiac poll. But that support has steadily declined since, reaching a low of 48 percent in October.
Amendment 2 has faced a well-financed opposition campaign primarily funded by Sheldon Adelson, the billionaire casino mogul and GOP mega-donor. Adelson put in $5 million, accounting for roughly 85 percent of the total funding of the campaign, according to The Washington Post.
An additional hurdle: Florida law requires a supermajority of support -- 60 percent or higher -- for the measure to become law. Given current polling, it could be a disappointing night for the state's medical marijuana patients.
MAINE: Voters in two of Maine's largest cities -- Lewiston and South Portland -- are considering ballot measures that would remove all legal penalties for possession of up to an ounce of marijuana by adults. Maine's largest city, Portland, already legalized recreational marijuana last year.
These efforts are likely just the beginning for legal cannabis in the state. The backer of the local initiatives, Marijuana Policy Project, has announced that it intends to push a statewide ballot initiative in 2016 that would "regulate marijuana like alcohol."
NEW MEXICO: Voters in New Mexico's Bernalillo and Santa Fe counties will weigh in on the decriminalization of marijuana. Nonbinding questions on the ballot are aimed at gauging support for such a move.
The county questions follow the Santa Fe City Council's decision in August to decriminalize possession of marijuana and marijuana-related paraphernalia. The city's penalty was reduced to a $25 civil infraction.
CALIFORNIA: Proposition 47 would reduce the classification of most "nonserious and nonviolent property and drug crimes" from a felony to a misdemeanor. In practice, that means crimes like shoplifting small amounts of property, writing bad checks and most drug possession felonies would become misdemeanors. Many offenders serving time in county jails would be released immediately, and up to 10,000 state prisoners would be eligible to have their sentences reduced.
The measure would strike a major blow against mass incarceration, downgrading an estimated 40,000 felonies a year in California.
NEW JERSEY: Voters will decide Public Question No. 1 , a bail reform measure that could reduce the pretrial incarceration of those accused of low-level drug violations. Poorer defendants who can't afford bail, but who are not considered a threat to the community, could be freed while awaiting trial through an alternative release system.
Judges could still deny pretrial release to individuals who pose a clear danger to the community, to repeat offenders and to those who are a probable flight risk.
A recent report from Luminosity and the Drug Policy Alliance found that almost 75 percent of the nearly 15,000 individuals in New Jersey's jails are awaiting trial rather than serving out a sentence, and almost half of them remain incarcerated simply because they cannot afford bail. The Drug Policy Alliance backs Public Question No. 1.
Also on HuffPost:

RIL  partners to get $40 mn from gas price hikeRIL, partners to get $40 mn from gas price hike
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 20:46 IST
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) and its partners will receive about $40 million in additional revenue this fiscal for the gas they produce from eastern offshore KG-D6 block after the government raised prices by 33 per cent.
Niko Resources, which holds 10 per cent in the RIL-operated KG-D6 block, said partners will get increased rate of $5.61 per million British thermal unit for the gas they produce from MA field in the block, while old rate of $4.2 would continue to apply on D1& D3 fields pending resolution of a dispute regarding reasons for drastic fall in output.
"Approximately 40 per cent of the natural gas sold from the D6 Block from April to September of 2014 was produced from the MA field and approximately 60 per cent was produced from the D1&D3 fields. Based on the company's current projections of natural gas production from the MA field, the revised price will provide incremental revenue to Niko of approximately $4 million from the MA field for the period from November 1, 2014 to March 31, 2015," the company said in a statement.
Extrapolating the earnings for other partners, RIL will get $24 million for its 60 per cent share in the KG-D6 block and BP Plc of UK $12 million for its 30 per cent interest.
Niko said the cash flow benefit of the revised price on gas sales from the D1 & D3 fields is not expected to be available unless and until the cost recovery dispute is resolved in the favour of the contractors of the block.
The government has not agreed with the partner's claim of geological reasons being responsible for D1 & D4 output languishing at less than 8 million standard cubic meters per day instead of 80 mmscmd projected for this time of the year.
It has disallowed certain costs as penalty, which the partners have contested and the matter is in arbitration.
Consumers will, however, pay the revised increased price for D1 & D3 gas, but RIL and its partners will get only $4.2 per mmBtu with the difference being deposited in an escrow account. They will get the higher rates if they win the arbitration case.
"As per the (natural gas pricing) Guidelines (that came into effect from November 1), the announcement of the gas price for the period of April 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015 is expected to occur in mid-March 2015," Niko said.
It said while the government has stated that a premium over the $5.61 rate would be given to discoveries made after the issuance of guidelines in difficult areas like deepsea, the applicability of the premium to existing undeveloped finds in the D6 and NEC-25 blocks remains to be clarified.
These discoveries included in the approved plans of development for the R-Cluster and Satellite Areas in KG-D6 block.
"The development of these discoveries is dependent on the future long-term price outlook for gas sales from these projects and the uncertainty in this outlook could mean that development of these discoveries could be deferred," it added.

Rolls-Royce to Cut 2 600 Staff  Appoints New Finance ChiefBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
London: British engineer Rolls-Royce plans to cut 2,600 jobs to save money and has replaced its finance director, aiming to restore confidence following two profit warnings in eight months.
The world's second-largest maker of aircraft engines said the job cuts, which will mostly come in the Aerospace division and will take 18 months to complete, were designed to save around 80 million pounds ($128 million) a year once the redundancy programme was complete.
Rolls-Royce, which dates back to 1884 and has around 55,000 staff worldwide, has traditionally had lower margins than market leader General Electric, meaning it can be undercut by its rival.
"We are taking determined management action and accelerating our progress on cost," said chief executive John Rishton. "The measures announced today will not be the last; however they will contribute towards Rolls-Royce becoming a stronger and more profitable company."
The majority of the aerospace jobs are in Britain and the United States and the need to cut numbers comes as the focus on Rolls' key Trent engines moves from a development to production phase, requiring fewer engineers.
The development of new facilities has also made the group more efficient, requiring fewer staff, and a move to reorganise the group into two divisions has reduced the number of management jobs.
The announcement comes almost three weeks after Rolls issued a major profit warning, saying deteriorating economic conditions meant profit would not rise next year as previously forecast, sending its shares plunging by 16 percent at the time.
The warning was the second such downgrade in eight months and paved the way for another year of stagnation after more than a decade of strong growth. It also prompted concern that the company did not have sufficient visibility over its future earnings.
Smith steps up
Without giving any explanation, Rolls also said finance director Mark Morris had left after 27 year with the company and would be replaced by David Smith, who is promoted from finance director of the Aerospace division.
Espirito Santo analyst Ed Stacey said investors would be looking for a clear message from the new finance director and tight control on all the financial metrics.
"The share price reaction shows that there's some optimism that he can deliver that," Stacey said.
"Some restructuring had already been indicated ... two weeks ago, the plan is probably not any better or worse than people had expected but what we have now is some concrete numbers, so it's eliminating uncertainty."
Shares in the group spiked on the news and were up 2 per cent at 1426 GMT.
Rolls said in October that the market for its main aircraft engine business would strengthen but customers in the oil and gas, mining, construction, industrial and agricultural sectors were cancelling or delaying orders.
Until this year, the company had enjoyed 11 years of strong profit and revenue growth, as soaring demand for fuel-efficient engines for passenger jets made by Airbus and Boeing boosted its civil aerospace unit, which accounted for 43 per cent of sales in 2013.
Rolls-Royce reassured investors that the outlook for its aero engine business remained good, thanks to increasing demand for travel in emerging economies and the need to replace older aircraft with new, fuel efficient models.
A spokesman for the Unite union declined to comment.
($1 = 0.6247 British pound)

India Ranking to Improve if States  Best Practices Included: World BankMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Mumbai: The World Bank, which recently ranked India 142nd in its ease of doing business list, on Tuesday, said the ranking will improve by at least 50 notches if one includes the best practices followed at the state level.
"A few years back the World Bank did a sub-national 'ease of doing business exercise,' looking at how different states perform. What we found was that if all of the country's best practices were put together, the ranking would increase by more than 50 places," World Bank senior country economist Denis Medvedev said.
"So, many of the solutions can be found right here in India," he added, during an interaction on social networking site Facebook this evening.
The comment comes within days of the country's position slipping further to 142 among 189 countries in the ease of doing business ranking, as against 134 last year.
The latest ranking, however, does not take into account the latest slew of measures taken by Modi government to make India a business friendly destination.
"There are two things to keep in mind. First, 'ease of doing business' is a ranking which means that performance is relative. So, even though the country's actual score has improved, the scores of other countries improved even more. This means that one always has to keep an eye on competitors," he said.
During the hour-long chat, Mr Medvedev expressed optimism about the country reaping the demographic dividend in the next decade, when the population over the world starts to age.
"I certainly think India will reap the demographic dividend. India will be in a unique position 10 to 20 years down the line when the rest of the world will be well advanced in terms of aging and Indian labour force is young and better educated," he said.
On the government's recent moves to have an expenditure management commission, he said it will identify steps to improve fiscal performance.
To make growth more sustainable over a longer-term, the World Bank economist said the country has to focus on bottlenecks in the near-term such as business environment and lack of energy supplies, establish foundations for stronger long-term growth by managing urbanisation and building skills, and ensuring that growth is sustainable.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 22:35 (IST)

India-focused hedge funds continue to beat marketsIndia-focused hedge funds continue to beat markets
Arvind Jayaram
Deliver 36.4% returns in Jan-Oct period against Sensex’s 29.2%
November 4, 2014:  
India-focused hedge funds continued to deliver market-beating returns in October 2014. While the BSE benchmark Sensex index mustered a 2.7 per cent gain last month, Indian hedge funds offered a superior 3.5 per cent return in October, according to the latest data from Eurekahedge, an alternative investment fund data provider. 
Year-to-date, too, hedge fund returns trumped the Sensex’s performance. According to the data, Indian hedge fund returns in the January-October period stood at 36.4 per cent, even higher than the sterling 29.2 per cent rise in the Sensex during the 10-month period. This marks a significant comeback for Indian funds from a dismal 2013, when they posted losses of 8.5 per cent.
Winning strategy
A closer perusal reveals that hedge funds with a long-short equity strategy continue to reap the benefits of a buoyant market, rising by nearly 50 per cent this year. In October, however, their returns were muted, at just 3.49 per cent, their poorest gain since April. Even multi-strategy hedge funds have put up a decent performance in 2014, with 19.9 per cent returns.
However, investors are unlikely to be enthused by their marginal loss (0.03 per cent) in October.
Global gloom
 The party in India notwithstanding, hedge funds have been having a tough time globally in 2014. They have only notched up gains of 1.6 per cent during the year thus far, compared to an 8.7 per cent increase in the whole of 2013.
What’s more, in the last three months, they have lost 1.2 per cent. North American funds, however, delivered 3.1 per cent returns in 2014, though negative returns in the past two months have dampened the mood.
European funds, on the other hand, just managed to stay in the green with 0.07 per cent returns, while Asia and emerging market-oriented funds have gained 5.1 per cent and 4.7 per cent, respectively. Latin America-focused hedge funds rose 3.1 per cent in the January-October 2014 period. 
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Fears of power shake-up knock Aggreko© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a30bc386-6449-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Stocks Slip as Oil s Slump Hits Energy IndustryThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

UK spy chief pursues tech sectorShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
UK spy chief pursues tech sector
Nov 4, 2014 : Robert Hannigan, new head of the UK's electronic spy agency, is concerned that US tech companies are the 'networks of choice' for terror groups such as Isis. Lionel Barber, editor, talks to Sam Jones, defence and security editor, about the accusation.

US Senate election 2014us senate election 2014
Ackman gains ground in Allergan fightAckman gains ground in fight to force Allergan to sell to Valeant
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d8b1d32-6457-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black money: Swiss authorities agree to hand over non-HSBC detailsITO metro station to be opened to commuters early next year
One of the real breakthroughs in the high-level dialogue held between Indian officials and Swiss authorities in Berne two weeks ago was getting the Swiss to agree to segregate all other requests from India for bank account and transaction details from the HSBC bunch of cases and handing them over to New Delhi, top officials told The Indian Express.
Over the past few years, the Indian government has been dispatching a number of requests to the Swiss authorities arising from either search operations done by the Income Tax department or information received on holdings of Indians in Switzerland from the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU).
All these had been clubbed by the Swiss authorities with the HSBC cases and account details blocked even during the UPA regime.
The Indian delegation, led by revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das, have been able to impress upon their counterparts that since the remaining requests from India had their genesis in tax actions or are the subject of STRs (suspicious transaction reports) generated by the FIU, they should be replied to immediately.
“The Swiss authorities have agreed to modify their approach since this information does not have anything to do with stolen data and agreed to our request,” an official said.
Some of these cases deal with big corporate houses and businessmen and requests for banking and asset details have been pending with Switzerland, in some cases, for over five years.
Finance ministry officials said they will shortly be compiling all the pending requests sent to Switzerland and again dispatch them on the basis of the fresh agreement arrived at in Berne.
Following the meeting, a joint statement had been issued which stated that, “The Swiss authorities would assist in obtaining confirmation on genuineness of bank documents on request by the Indian side and also swiftly provide information on requests relating to non-banking information….”
The Swiss authorities have now agreed to share account details and balance sheets of those among the list of 627 who had either voluntarily declared their accounts to the tax authorities or whose consent declarations are now with the
I-T department.
As reported earlier, following the data of worldwide account holders of its Geneva branch being stolen, the HSBC had itself informed its account holders of the occurrence, which, sources said, resulted in a few of them owning up to their undeclared accounts during the past two years.
Officials said that these bunch of cases along with the non-HSBC requests would total around 30 in number and this information, they expect, would be dispatched to India soon.
CHANGE OF APPROACH
* The Swiss authorities have agreed to segregate all other requests from India for bank account and transaction details from the HSBC bunch of cases
* The Swiss will now share account details and balance sheets of those among the list of 627 who had either voluntarily declared their accounts or whose consent declarations are now with the I-T department
TAGS: Black Money Black Money Hoders List Swiss Bank Account
More from economy

Modi govt promotes 26 IAS officers in latest reshuffleNarendra Modi govt promotes 26 IAS officers in latest bureaucratic reshuffle
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 09:18 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
The Narendra Modi government has announced another major bureaucratic reshuffle by promoting 26 IAS officers to the rank of special secretary and transferring as many as 35 joint secretaries.
Delhi Development Authority vice-chairman Balvender Kumar, a 1981 batch IAS officer of the Uttar Pradesh cadre, has been promoted to the rank and pay of secretary.
Senior IAS officers Rajiv Nayan Choubey and Devendra Chaudhary have been made special secretaries in the power ministry.
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet, headed by the Prime Minister (PM), had on June 18 cancelled the appointment of Choubey as additional secretary in the PMO without providing any reason. Anjuly Chib Duggal has been promoted as special secretary in the department of expenditure.
Vivek Joshi, joint secretary in the ministry of women and child development, has been appointed officer on special duty, Procurement Policy Division, under the department of expenditure. Annie George Mathew, a 1988 batch Indian Audit and Accounts Service officer, has been appointed joint secretary in the department of expenditure.
Ravinder Kumar Jain has been appointed secretary in the National Disaster Management Authority in the rank and pay of secretary, according to an official order issued by the Department of Personnel and Training on Monday night.
Rajiv Arora, joint secretary in the department of commerce, has been shifted to the national intelligence grid in the same rank while Subhag Singh has been appointed managing director in National Agricultural Cooperative Marketing Federation of India. MC Jauhari has been transferred from the post of joint secretary in the ministry of shipping and appointed deputy director general in the Unique Identification Authority of India.

BSE Sensex hits record high for 4th session  breaches 28 000-mark for firsttimeMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The BSE Sensex today breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Debt-to-death: 348 farmer suicides since Telangana s birthBurdened by debts, farmer suicides mark Telangana's birth
Prasad Nichenametla , Hindustan Times  Nalgonda/Warangal, November 05, 2014
First Published: 00:17 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 21:59 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Dasari Ramulu, 45, and Polaboyina Pochaiah, 35, are two of the 348 Telangana farmers, who committed suicide since June 2 when Telangana became a state.
The reasons behind their decision are not unique - crop failures due to poor rains and a nonexistent irrigation system and debt burdens. The debt-to-death arithmetic is simple: Each attempt to get water through bore wells costs Rs. 1 lakh and cotton seeds are Rs. 2,400 a kg, while labour charges are shooting up.
Farmers also take loans for meeting medical, education and marriage expenses at high interest rates from private lenders, hoping that one bumper crop will solve all his woes. But monsoon failures and the absence of any crop insurance scheme make suicide the only escape route.
Telangana chief minister K Chandrasekhara Rao has his defence ready, "We are aware of the suicides. But what could we do when Chandrababu Naidu (Andhra Pradesh CM) has vowed to destroy farming in Telangana and show me as a failure?" He accused Naidu of stopping the supply of power that should come to Telangana from power plants in Andhra.
HT scouted the two most affected districts of Telangana - Warangal and Nalgonda - and found the number of suicides to be alarmingly high this kharif season.
For instance, the death of Ramulu in Pallepahad of Turkapally mandal in Nalgonda two and a half months back was the first suicide in the village. But this time, every farmer in Ramulu's village is in a debt as almost every crop dried up.
Although such deaths are being reported from all the nine rural Telangana districts - with Warangal topping the list - they are not being recorded as farmer suicides.
While police records show marginal farmer Ramulu as saddled with a loan of Rs. 5 lakh, a local revenue official at Turkapally said the death resulted from a quarrel with his wife. "Every farmer suicide cannot be classified as a farm suicide," he declared airily.
Why? In 2004, then CM Rajasekhara Reddy announced that every victim family would receive up to Rs. 1.5 lakh within two months of the suicide after an official probe. But there was no such visit by government officials in any of the cases that HT probed in Nalgonda and Warangal.
As the government is pegging the total number of suicides at 79 against the figure of 348 (given by grassroots organisations Rythu Swarajya Vedika and opposition Congress party's farmers wing - Kisan Congress), M Kodanda Reddy, chairman of Telangana Kisan Congress, says, "It is a bogus list. District officials expressed their inability to recognise these farm suicides as the government is unwilling to face uncomfortable questions."
Another aspect to the deaths is tenant farming, which is widespread in Telangana. Farmers typically own one or two acres of land, but take more land on rent from landlords.
Pochaiah was one such marginal farmer in Tarigoppula village in Warangal. In addition to his family's two acres, he took 10.5 acres at Rs. 3,000 an acre and sowed maize. He couldn't bear the losses for the second year in a row and committed suicide.
Now, the Congress and the Telugu Desam Party blame Rao for not extending the loan waiver and for failing to ensure power for the farm sector. The opposition is gearing up to corner the government in the budget session beginning on Wednesday.

Crony Capitalism Allegations Were True  Says Arun JaitleyYou are here: Home Economy
Crony Capitalism Allegations Were True, Says Arun Jaitley
NDTV | Updated On: November 05, 2014 12:45 (IST)
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley spoke at the World Economic Forum in Delhi today. Here are some points he made:
India had fallen off global radar over last 2-3 years. Buzz around India is back.
Allegations of crony capitalism were true (under last government). Element of fairness in the system was lacking.
Reforms in developed society are different because people there have already tasted fruits of development. In a country where a very large number of people are so poor, for governments to push reforms is far more challenging.
Our reform process cannot be one that simply confronts public opinion - doubts have to be cleared. Debate has to continuously go on.
Have recently opened up defence sector- it was always considered very sacrosanct in India. As a result, we became only buyers.
Retrospective tax (Vodafone case) was a bad idea which damaged the economy.
Taxpayers can't continue to pay for loss-making businesses. We will continue on path of divestment. Will look at some Public Sector Units that may do better in private hands
We are liberalizing insurance sector a little more - hope the amended bill would be passed by parliament later this month.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 12:02 (IST)

Brent Extends Losses Below $83 on Weak China Data  Supply GlutYou are here: Home Commodities
Brent Extends Losses Below $83 on Weak China Data, Supply Glut
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 13:58 (IST)
Oil Price Drop Threatens $150 Billion in Investments
Singapore: Brent crude dropped towards $82 a barrel on Wednesday, stretching losses into a fifth session, as weak economic data from top energy consumer China stoked worries about demand in a market that is already battling a deepening global supply glut.
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after previous data revealed sluggish factory growth in the world's second largest economy.
"We had expected this," said Avtar Sandu, senior manager for commodities at Phillip Futures of the Chinese data. "The market is already soft for Brent and the Chinese data is not going to help although the numbers are not a surprise."
Brent fell 74 cents to $82.08 a barrel by 0806 GMT.
US crude fell 45 cents to $76.74, coming off a low of $75.84 hit in the previous session - its weakest since October 2011 - after data showed crude stocks unexpectedly fell last week as refineries boosted output.
US crude stocks fell 639,000 barrels to 374.9 million in the week to October 31, compared with analysts' expectations for an increase of 2.2 million barrels, data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute showed on Tuesday.
The market is now waiting for weekly inventory data from the US Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) later in the day for more clues on demand in the world's top oil consumer.
Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic lost more than 2 per cent overnight after Saudi Arabia cut export prices to the United States threatening to deepen a global supply glut that has driven prices down 30 per cent since June.
A bleak outlook for Europe after the European Commission downgraded its forecast for euro zone economic growth over the next few years also weighed on oil prices.
"The downgraded forecast in Europe is not really a surprise but it is a reminder that there is a risk," said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney on how the weak economic outlook could crimp demand.
"I think we are in a situation where the oil price needs to fall to a level where it actually results in supply changes. But what that level is, is what everybody is asking."
Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi is making his first visits in years to fellow exporters Venezuela and Mexico, although tumbling oil prices are not the stated purpose of the trip, according to officials and sources.
Still, the travel plans come at a pivotal moment for Saudi Arabia and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which meets later in November to discuss how to respond to the rout in global oil prices
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Board of Cosmo Ferrites approves appointment of directorsBoard of Cosmo Ferrites approves appointment of directors
Gold  Silver Slump to Fresh Four-Year Lows As Sell-Off ExtendsSingapore: Gold slid for a fifth session in six on Wednesday, tumbling to a four-year low below $1,150 an ounce as a strong dollar kept investors away from the safe-haven asset and physical demand failed to provide underlying support.
Silver tracked gold lower, hitting its lowest since early 2010, while platinum and palladium also fell.
The dollar rose to a seven-year high against the Japanese yen after a victory by Republicans in the United States' mid-term elections raised hopes for an end to political gridlock in Washington, boosting sentiment for riskier assets.
Underscoring the lack of interest in bullion, holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the top gold-backed exchange traded fund, slumped to a fresh six-year low.
Physical buying of jewellery, coins and bars - which usually picks up at lower prices - has not emerged robustly enough to put a floor under prices.
"There is very little on the horizon that is bullish. Despite the trillions of dollars of stimulus over the past several years, most central bankers are worried about deflation, not inflation," said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir.
"In addition, the roaring U.S. equity markets continue to siphon off assets away from alternative investments, including gold," he said.
The yellow metal is often seen as a hedge against inflation and financial uncertainties.
Spot gold tumbled to $1,146.06 an ounce, its lowest since April 2010, before recovering modestly to trade down 1.6 per cent at $1,149.85 by 0738 GMT.
Silver fell more than 3 per cent to $15.44, its lowest since February 2010.
Selling intensified after gold broke through $1,161 - the previous four-year low hit on Friday, and then $1,155, said a Hong Kong-based precious metals trader.
The metals could see further downside, especially around the release of US jobs report on Friday, the trader said. A strong report could boost economic optimism and the dollar.
The dollar has been an investor favourite recently, hitting a four-year high against a basket of major currencies earlier this week.
A stronger greenback makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, and dulls its appeal as a hedge.
The lack of investor appetite for gold was evident in outflows from the SPDR gold fund. Its holdings fell 0.32 per cent to 738.82 tonnes on Tuesday - its lowest since September 2008. The fund tends to influence investor sentiment due to the size of its holdings.
Physical demand
A sharp break in gold prices to their lowest levels in more than four years has prompted a pick-up in demand for coins in Europe and the United States.
But demand in top buyer China - seen as a key pillar of support for gold - has been disappointing. Strong Chinese buying is usually seen preventing more losses in gold.
Chinese consumers have not shown much enthusiasm for gold on expectation that it will fall further.
On Wednesday, local prices on the Shanghai Gold Exchange dipped to a discount of about 50 cents an ounce to the global benchmark, indicating weak buying interest.
Chinese prices had been at a discount on Monday but had gained to a small premium of up to $1 on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nikkei Strikes Seven-Year High As Dollar Bashes YenGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Tokyo: Japanese stocks rose to new seven-year highs on Wednesday as heavyweight Fast Retailing Co surged on strong monthly sales, while exporters got a boost as the dollar rose against the yen after US mid-term election results have showed Republicans made major gains.
Fast Retailing, which soared 2.3 per cent, contributed hefty 37.50 points to the Nikkei benchmark after it said same-store sales at its Uniqlo clothing outlets in Japan rose 10.5 per cent in October from a year earlier.
The Nikkei benchmark, which was trading in negative territory earlier in the day, ended 0.4 per cent higher to 16.937.32, the highest closing level since October 2007.
In late afternoon trade, the dollar rose to a seven-year high to 114.40 yen after a sweeping victory by Republicans in the United States' mid-term elections raised hopes for an end to political gridlock in Washington, boosting risk sentiment.
But traders said that due to Japanese stocks' steep rises in a short period of time, profit-taking can hit in the near term.
The Nikkei soared 8.2 per cent in the last three trading days as investors cheered the BOJ's policy announcement on Friday, as well as the Government Pension Investment Fund's decision to increase its allocation of funds to domestic stocks.
The broader Topix gained 0.2 per cent at 1,371.76, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 advanced 0.1 per cent to 12,523.76.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Dollar rebounds on U.S. election  Asian shares fall2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Chidambaram s son  Karti  challenges Cong s  high-command observer cultureCongress
(Karti, who is the son of former…)
NEW DELHI: In what may been seen as another instance of dissent within Congress, Karti Chidambaram on Wednesday told Times Now, "The Tamil Nadu unit must have a fair amount of autonomy in functioning. We must re-think this high-command observer culture."
Karti, who is the son of former Finance Minister P Chidambaram said that state units of Congress should be able to 'act and react' more swiftly. "There are some serious issues that we must look into. Tamil Nadu political market is very crowded. Congress has to be more proactive. We cannot wait for Delhi to show the path in every single way."
"There must be a far greater autonomy to the state unit. We must be in line with the national policy, but the state unit must be able to act and react much more swiftly in every issue. We have not been able to do that," he reiterated.
Watch: Can't keep waiting for commands from Delhi, says Karti Chidambaram
Talking about the beating that Congress has taken at a national level, Karti said, "This is a challenging time no doubt. We have had a very bad election in 2014, where we barely managed to get 4.5% vote share. Now we have had some people leave the party. I believe at this time, anybody leaving the party is a setback."
"I don't subscribe to the bravado view that no matter who leaves the party there is no impact on the party. Even if a grass-root level worker leaves the party, it damages the party in some way. At this time, we should have all been united. We are share a lot of concerns," he said.
Talking about the recent exit of GK Vasan, Karti said, "We must also look at the reasons why people have left the party. Some of it may be genuine grouses, but some is political experience. By forming a sub-regional political party, you become ideologically neutral. So you can go ahead and have alliances with anybody you want. I have a suspicion that this is the first step towards having an alliance with the BJP."
Earlier this week, senior Tamil Nadu leader GK Vasan quit the party and announced the launch of a new political outfit, repeating what his father GK Moopanar did 18 years ago.
Vasan made it clear that he will target the Congress vote bank. "I am not ready to accept that the Congress is just a 4% or 5% party in Tamil Nadu," he said. "The Congress party has a legacy in Tamil Nadu. And that legacy is definitely is not 5%. It is double that. That is the basis on which our new movement's victory will be confirmed."
FEATURED ARTICLES

After Wagah blast  Pakistan Taliban group vows to  take revenge  against ModiOn its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Cong denies appointments to Sajjan Kumar  TytlerCong denies appointments to Sajjan Kumar, Tytler
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 12:51 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:41 IST(6/11/2014)
The Congress denied on Wednesday that it had named anti-Sikh riots-accused Sajjan Kumar and Jagdish Tytler, among others, in a committee to monitor the campaign for Delhi assembly elections.
The clarification came after TV channles started flashing reports on Kumar and Tytler.
According to these TV reports, Delhi Congress chief Arvinder Singh Lovely, Ajay Maken, Shakeel Ahmed and Harun Yusuf were some of the members of the Election Command Committee. Reports also said former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit’s son, Sandeep Dikshit, has not been included in the panel.
Later, Congress leader Ahmed told ANI no such panel had been formed.
Elections are scheduled in Delhi in January-end or early February before the President’s rule comes to an end in the Capital.

EC may go for polls in Delhi early next yearEC may go for polls in Delhi early next year
Telangana to add 20 000 MW of power in next five yearsTelangana to add 20,000 MW of power in next five years
K V Kurmanath
Allocates Rs 2,000 cr for water grid projects
Hyderabad, Nov. 5:  
The power-scarce Telangana will add 20,000 MW of power in the next five years.
The State, which saw shortages in the range of 15-20 million units in the last two months, said BHEL will come up with a capacity of 6,000 MW and NTPC will set up power plant to generate 4,000 MW.
"We have entered into an agreement with Chattisgarh government to buy 1,000 MW. Our goal is to make the State a power surplus State. In order to bail out farmers, we will spend Rs 200 crore to buy solar pumpsets. We have allocated Rs 1,000 crore for Telangana State Generation Company," Eatela Rajender, Telangana Finance Minister, said.
Roads
Presenting the maiden budget for the new State, he said the road network would be strengthened by infusing Rs 10,000 crore in the next two years. He allocated Rs 4,000 crore in this year's Budget for the purpose. The plan includes double-laning of roads connecting mandal headquarters to district headquarters with Rs 400 crore.
The State Road Transport Corporation will get 1,000 more buses this year.
Water grid project
The Minister allocated Rs 2,000 crore for the ambitious Rs 25,000-crore Water Grid schemes, that seeks to provide drinking water to each household and water for irrigation and industry.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

President dissolves Delhi Assembly  fresh polls soonPresident dissolves Delhi Assembly, fresh polls soon
PTI
President Pranab Mukherjee
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
The Delhi Assembly was today dissolved, paving the way for fresh elections that will end the political hibernation since the AAP Government fell in February.
A notification issued by the Home Ministry said President Pranab Mukherjee has dissolved the ‘Legislative Assembly of the National Capital Territory of Delhi with immediate effect’ on November 4.
The Union Cabinet had yesterday recommended the dissolution of the Assembly following the recommendation of LG Najeeb Jung after talks on Monday with the BJP, Congress and AAP, who expressed their inability to form a Government and sought a fresh mandate.
While fresh elections may be held early next year, the process for the November 25 by-elections to three constituencies, for which the last date for nominations is today, was revoked by the Election Commission today.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Deakin University felicitates IIT Madras with awardDeakin University felicitates IIT Madras with award
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Nov 5:  
Deakin University, Australia, has felicitated IIT Madras with the ”Strategic Partner” award towards contributions in building a bond between the two countries through research and development.
The award was presented by Jane den Hollander, Vice Chancellor and President, Deakin University, to R Nagarajan, Dean (International and Alumni Relations), IIT Madras, at the anniversary of Deakin University’s 20 years in India.
Deakin University invited IIT Madras to accept the award with the citation saying ”Deakin University is very pleased about the partnership with IIT Madras to produce industry-ready PhD graduates, with economic benefits for both India and Australia.," said a release from IIT Madras.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

HCC bags orders worth Rs 635 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HCC bags orders worth Rs 635 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
HCC Ltd has been awarded two contracts worth Rs 634.79 crore in the transportation and hydel power segments.
The first contract worth Rs 454.89 crore is from the Ministry of Road Transport and Highway for 4-laning of 50.5 km along the Numaligarh to Jorhat section of NH-37 in Assam.
The project is part of the Special Accelerated Road Development Programme for North Eastern Region and includes rehabilitation, upgrade and augmentation of the existing carriageway.
The second order worth Rs 179.90 crore is from the Himachal Pradesh Power Corporation for the balance works of the head race tunnel of the 111 MW Sawra Kuddu Hydel Power Project in Shimla
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

IPCA Labs shares drop over 10% on USFDA actionIPCA Labs shares drop over 10% on USFDA action
Our Bureau
Tweet
Coimbatore, Nov 5:  
Shares of IPCA Laboratories Ltd were whipped with the stock losing more than 10 per cent today after it was reported that the USFDA had made six observations under form 483 about its Indore SEZ.
In fact the stock, which touched a new 52 week low on the BSE today before making some recovery, has shed more than 25 per cent from its peak value this year. However, in view of the stock shedding so much of its value, it has drawn some buy rating from some market analysts.
In her comments Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP- Research (Pharma) Angel Broking, Mumbai, said that it was reported that there were 6 observations on Indore SEZ in Form 483, of which two are `critical observations’.  She said that in July this year, the US regulator (USFDA) had issued Form 483 for IPCA’s  Ratlam Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) facility that had listed six `serious deviations’ from current good manufacturing practices (CGMP) on quality & training.
She said that IPCA had `voluntarily halted’ shipments to the US from the unit after USFDA noticed violations of standard production practices at the unit. The US regulator had identified half a dozen violations including data integrity issues at the Ratlam plant in Madhya Pradesh. The facility was critical for IPCA as it supplied API both to Silvassa and Indore plants. Indore plant’s contribution to the US sales was expected to be about Rs 100 crore in FY2015.
Nangra pointed out that the US market had in FY2014 contributed Rs 419.6 crore to IPCA’s sales constituting 12 per cent of total sales and 20 per cent of exports. In view of the new development, there would be a drop of around 7 per cent in sales in FY2016. In the first quarter of current fiscal (1QFY2015), the IPCA top brass was confident of resolving the issue in 6 months.
She said IPCA’s sales and net profit estimates for FY2016 had been trimmed by 6.6 per cent and 13.5 per cent respectively. Pointing out that the stock has declined sharply after the reports she maintained a buy on the counter with a price target of Rs 843.
The stock slumped to a new 52 week low of Rs 635 on the BSE today before recovering to Rs 668.40, down by Rs 77.90 or 10.44 per cent on the exchange.
The stock has witnessed significant erosion in value even as the pharma sector has remained buoyant this year. After touching a yearly high of Rs 906.90 on the BSE on Feb 28 this year, the stock is down by nearly 25 per cent from its peak.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena warns BJP: Separating Vidarbha like separating mother from childTaj Mahal part of ancient temple, claims Uttar Pradesh BJP chief
Describing Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) stand on separate statehood for Vidarbha akin to “protectors becoming perpetrators”, the Shiv Sena today reminded its former ally of the resounding mandate it got in Vidarbha and said the vote was in favour of development and not for a separate statehood.
“The BJP won handsomely in the Vidarbha region in the recently held Assembly elections. But they should not think they have got this mandate to divide Maharashtra. Separating Vidarbha from Maharashtra is like separating a child from its mother,” the Sena said in an edit in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
“When a CM who hails from Vidarbha talks about its separation, it is just like the protector of Maharashtra getting ready to become a perpetrator or wrongdoer,” it added.
The Sena said that instead of speaking about separation of Vidarbha, the BJP should concentrate on developing the region.
“While on his first visit to Nagpur after becoming the CM, (Devendra) Fadnavis said that Vidarbha will be carved out at an appropriate time. Instead, he should have spoken about the development of the region. He should have spoken about empowering the security agencies in Naxal-hit areas like Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,” the Sena said.
Its hypocrisy on the part of BJP to now talk about carving out a separate state, when the same party accused the Congress of making a mistake when it created Telangana from Andhra Pradesh, it said.
“We only hope that the ‘Fadnavis Express’ runs straight on the path of development of Vidarbha and does not wobble in between. The CM should working towards fulfilling the dreams of 105 martyrs who sacrificed their lives for ‘Akhand (united) Maharashtra,” the Sena added.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP Shiv Sena Vidarbha
More from miscellaneous

Naveen Patnaik equates Congress  BJPBJP working to erode institution of reservation: Mayawati
BJD would continue to maintain equal distance both from Congress and BJP, Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik today said.
“BJD would like to maintain its policy of equi-distance from both Congress and BJP,” he said at an interactive session held during the third edition of the Odisha Literary Festival (OLF) organised by the New Indian Express here.
Patnaik, who had announced before 2014 polls that he is not comfortable with the idea of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister, said, “It is early days to judge his performance as the new government at the Centre is only a few months old.”
“I think it is too early to judge it,” he said.
Patnaik, who had successfully led his party in the last elections, said BJD is popular in Odisha because of its policy of transparency and efficiency.
The party was elected consecutively for the fourth time in 2014 polls because of the government’s anti-poverty programmes and development schemes, Patnaik claimed.
To a query, he made it clear that he has no national ambition.
“There is still a lot of work to be done in Odisha. So I would like to confine myself to the state,” he said.
Asked about the future of regional parties, Patnaik said they too have a future in the country.
“Regional parties are not on a decline and will continue healthily in future,” he said.
The chief minister, however, parried a question on his successor. “There are plenty of people who are going to come after me,” Naveen said, adding that there are many young people in BJD and the government.
TAGS: BJD BJP Odisha Congress Odisha Naveen Patnaik Odisha Government
More from miscellaneous

European equities bounce higherStocks rise on Republican win and jobs data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4c11ef0-649a-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Replication of coal reforms imminent for mining other minerals: ArunJaitleyPrint
With regard to other minerals, we are about to take similar reforms, said Arun Jaitley. (Reuters)
Written by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:09 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 5:06 pm
After the coal mining reform plan, for which the government recently announced an ordinance on allocation of blocks, the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the government is looking at similar reforms for mining of other minerals.
Speaking at the World Economic Forum the Finance Minister said on Wednesday, “With regard to other minerals, we are about to take similar reforms.”
The minister also spoke of the limitations posed by the new land acquisition law which prohibits acquiring land for even crucial sectors such as defence and housing for poor. He said that the government is relooking at the second part of the law which deals with acquiring land.
“The law lays down a very complicated procedure for land acquisition. Conceptually acquisition of land is always a sovereign right because you need land for everything including building defence cantonment, highways and houses. Therefore, if the land acquisition was made complicated then the growth process itself gets stalled and this law has made it extremely complicated…. Now, since the confusion has been established, the time has come that at least the second part of the law is relooked,” said Jaitley adding that the government has no issue with the new compensation and resettlement as proposed in the land acquisition law.
The finance minister also said that he was hopeful to get the insurance bill cleared in the upcoming parliament session. Taking up another reform Jaitley said that the labour law needs to change and the process has been started, though he did not give a timeline for the same.

Teenage rebellion anticipated fall of BerlinWallPrint
In this Oct. 22, 2014 photo Benjamin Lindner speaks during an interview with the Associated Press in Berlin, Germany. On an early autumn day in 1988, pupils stood up to denounce eight troublemakers as “traitors” and “pacifists.” Then the class voted to expel some of them from the official youth movement, membership of which was compulsory for anyone with ambition in communist East Germany. Before the mass protests that led to the fall of the Berlin Wall, a group of teenagers dared to challenge the system and paid a hefty price. (Source: AP Photo/Ferdinand Ostrop)
By: Associated Press | Berlin | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:00 pm
Kai Feller was 16 when his fellow students put him on trial.
On that early autumn day in 1988, pupils stood up to denounce Feller and seven other troublemakers as “traitors” and “pacifists.” Then the class voted to expel Feller from the official youth movement, membership of which was compulsory for anyone with ambition in communist East Germany.
Before the mass protests that led to the fall of the Berlin Wall, a group of teenagers dared to challenge the system and paid a hefty price. Yet they made their mark on history — inspiring many others, including of their parents’ generation, to follow their example in questioning authority.
In the Kafka-esque world of East Germany, the students were punished for doing precisely what they were told to do: post their views on the bulletin board of a new “Speakers Corner” the elite Carl-von-Ossietzky high school in east Berlin set up near its entrance.
The 1988 photo provided by Benjamin Lindner shows him posing for a photograph in Berlin. On an early autumn day in 1988, pupils stood up to denounce eight troublemakers as “traitors” and “pacifists.” Then the class voted to expel some of them from the official youth movement, continued…

Kerala bar bribe: CPM goes for the juggular  wants Mani to stepdownPinarayi Vijayan wants Mani to step down and face probe
Written by Shaju Philip | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:57 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 9:20 pm
CPI (M) on Wednesday demanded that Kerala Finance Minister K M Mani, who is facing the allegation that he had taken bribe to renew liquor licence of hotels, should quit. While CPI (M) wanted only a state police probe under court’s eye, its junior ally CPI wanted a judicial probe into the allegation.
As the Opposition Communist parties are divided on the probe into the alleged corruption charges against the leader of the region Christian-dominated party, Left Democratic Front would meet on next Monday.  Within the CPI (M) also the issue has brought to fore the rift between veteran leader V S Achuthanandan and party led by Pinarayi Vijayan. Achuthanandan’s demand that CBI should probe into the allegation.
CPI (M) state secretariat met here on Wednesday to take a stand on the bar bribe issue in which CPI (M) had resorted to a soft approach.  Achuthanandan had out-rightly demanded CBI probe into the disclosure of a bar hotel owner that Mani had taken a bribe of Rs 1 crore to get liquor licence renewed.
While Achuthanandan stuck to the demand, party state secretary Vijayan had kept away from hitting at Mani, instead said Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and other ministers should face probe. Besides, Vijayan found the allegation was part of a plan to spoil Mani’s intention to become Chief Minister.
After secretariat meeting, Vijayan said a special police team should be formed to probe into the allegation. The investigation should be monitored by the court. Mani should quit from the post while the probe is on. Otherwise, Chandy should remove him, said Vijayan.
Indirectly referring to the demand of Achuthanandan for CBI probe, Vijayan said certain comrades wanted CBI probe. But the party is not interested in CBI probe, as the Supreme Court had described the agency as a caged parrot. Judicial probe would get delayed besides the difficulty in getting the service of a sitting judge.  The state police are capable of probing into the allegation, he said.
But, the CPI executive snubbed the CPI (M) stand saying that state police is a tool in the hand of the Congress.
Meanwhile, Kerala Congress vice-chairman and government chief whip P C George that a powerful party or its leader was behind the allegation against Mani. Earlier, George had blamed Chandy for the bribe charges against Mani.

Swachh Bharat: Modi govt plans new garbage segregation norms | Wants clean schoolsNarendra Modi government considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Swachh Bharat mission
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 02.19PM IST
Tags:
BIS
(There is also a proposal…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cleanliness drive under the Swachh Bharat mission.
"There are no norms for garbage disposal ... Such standards are required as they would ensure that effective systems are put in place for segregation and disposal of garbage," said a senior government official, privy to the deliberation on the matter.
The issue had figured in discussions at the first meeting of the high-level inter-ministerial group of consumer advocacy chaired by the consumer affairs secretary.
The Department of Consumer Affairs has already directed the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) to formulate quality assurance and process standards for potable water supplied through pipelines by municipal and government agencies, street food and garbage disposal, the official told ET.
There is also a proposal to set up a dedicated group at the BIS to ensure that these standards are not just formulated, but also implemented effectively.
India had put in place a solidwaste management policy in 2000 at the behest of the Supreme Court, but it was restricted to class-I cities. Municipal bodies have to carry out waste disposal as per these guidelines. Garbage disposal, however, remains an issue in many cities.
"A mandatory standard prescribing segregation and disposal of garbage is necessary if the country has to move towards the cleanliness as is envisaged under the (Swachh Bharat) mission," the official said. Rules are required for transport of drinking water and street food as well, he said.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India is already working on improving quality of street food on the lines of the successful Gujarat model. Countrywide standards are expected to provide a benchmark.
The group proposed to be set up under the BIS would work in close coordination with the food safety body, health ministry and the departments of rural development and Panchayati Raj. "The idea is to draw up a time-bound rollout plan for the formulation and enforcement of these standards," the official said.
Modi had unveiled the clean India drive on October 2.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What FM Arun Jaitley has to say about reform...Arun Jaitley
('It is a long journey and…)
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley shares his outlook for the economy and the need for reforms, at the World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit. Excerpts:
Arun Jaitley: If you were to ask me, are you satisfied, I would say I am quite satisfied with the beginning that we have made. It is a long journey and some people expect that the second generation of reforms in India really need one or two big-bang ideas and that probably would be all.
Reforms are not about one sensational idea. You can damage the economy by one bad idea. Retrospective taxation was a bad idea which damaged the economy. So even one such negative step can do an immense amount of damage, but merely undoing that would not cure all our problems. So, we began on a journey and I believe that the pit was reasonably deep and therefore rectifying it is going to take a lot of time. The challenges are there, but one thing which we are bearing in mind is that there are a large number of steps required.
You listed 19 of them. I almost ran out of paper in the morning when I was noting them. But at the same time, one has to consistently pursue the reforms agenda and therefore one has to doggedly and surely move in one direction. There are bound to be some hurdles and obstructions, but one need not get unnecessarily upset about them. There is a lot within the present political framework and the governance framework that can be done, but one thing which has to be clearly borne in mind is that no step should be taken which sends a contrary signal. Therefore, with all kinds of ideas, big and small, one has to pursue one direction and that is what the present government is trying to do. I am quite certain that it is only a matter of time when the ground results start reflecting on the cumulative effect of these steps.
India had fallen of the global radar in the last two to three years, but people have again started looking at us. There is a considerable amount of buzz about India. People are watching very carefully and are now beginning to get convinced that India would be once again a place to invest in.
Those within India, who were now looking outside, are probably reconsidering their decision and therefore I think the Indian system -- and that merely does not include the Central government, it includes the state governments and all of us collectively because we are living in a country which is administered on the principle of cooperative federalism -- if we all collectively continue to pursue one positive direction, only then over the next few months in the initial years the effects within the country will also start showing.
Q. When we look at the reforms from a rational point of view and I think with the Prime Minister and you as the principal architect, when you have to reform whatever it is, you have to take into account the mindset, and the biggest hurdle is the mindset of the people. Of course also in the case of India, there is a systemic failure, very often caused by crony corruption. What is your feeling about it? How can you change it? How can you change this mindset and how can you create a corruption-free society?
Arun Jaitley: Those who administer India need to change their mindset and if we change our mindset, which we are attempting to, over the last five to six months, every decision which we have consistently pursued has also been intended in the direction of eliminating any possible discretion. Now let's look at the areas where charges of crony capitalism have come about in recent years. In the case of allocation of natural resources, we pursued a policy which actually did say that there is a huge element of discretion the government has. Once those discretions are misused for collateral reasons, you perhaps had those allegations of crony capitalism. Some of them were actually true. The spectrum allocation, the coal block allocation and these became defining moments against India. They became defining moments and put a question mark on our entire intention to honestly pursue reforms in the economy.
If there is freedom from controls, there has to be an element of fairness within the system, which appears to be lacking. Now look at the way we have taken some of our decisions. The whole mess on the coal blocks, we have almost surgically come out with a new law through an ordinance which was an emergency law in India, has very clearly three or four aspects. There are a large number of state sector companies, both at the centre and the regions, which get the first allotment of coal blocks. The actual users get it by a process of e-auction and thereafter if the government desires, it will open it up for commercial mining.

Rupee Fall to 61.40 on Broad Dollar GainsYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Fall to 61.40 on Broad Dollar Gains
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 14:07 (IST)
Rupee Ends Higher at 61.88 After RBI Policy Review
The rupee was trading at 61.4075 versus Monday's close of 61.40/41. It fell from an intraday high of 61.3350.
Dollar rallied against global majors after Republican victory in US mid-term elections clears political uncertainty. Dollar index was up 0.36 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How to be financially ready for your first born childFive tips to be financially prepared before the arrival of your first born
CreditVidya –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014 8:52 AM IST
View Gallery
How to teach your child to invest
There is nothing in the world that comes close to the joy of becoming parents for the very first time, and if you have been in the baby planning mode, it’s an even more joyous affair! But along with the joy you must be grounded enough to take care of the financial needs that will be on the rise even before the baby arrives.
If you find yourself breaking into cold sweat after having gotten over the first bout of euphoria thinking about how you are going to manage the finances once the baby arrives, here are some tips to help you get started on how be prepared financially before your bundle of joy sees the light of the earth.
Maternity leave
First up, check with the human resources department of your office about the maternity leave policy of your employer. Each employer has his own terms and conditions and you should not be naïve enough to assume that you are eligible for a maternity leave with full pay for a stipulated period. Once you discover your pregnancy, it’s wise to go up and discuss it with your boss and the HR head and see the best situation that can be worked out for you. For instance, after a fully paid maternity leave of three to six months, you can consider working from home or opt for flexi timings as the situation permits.
Calculate your expenses        
Once the baby comes you will have to think about the expenses of the baby such as cost of diapers, baby food, baby gear, clothes, toys and other paraphernalia. Talk to your friends who have become parents recently and try and gauge the monthly expenses of a baby. Now add it to your current monthly outgo and see how much you are stretching yourself by. Don’t be intimidated if the figure you arrive at seems too high, read on to find out more about how you can control your expenses.
Lose the extras
If you carefully scrutinize your monthly budget, you are likely to find that you have a lot of expenses that you can actually do without. For instance, you may have an expensive gym membership that you are not able to use too often, or have subscribed to a lot of premium channels from your DTH provider. With your priorities changing in life, you can easily do without some of these luxuries and once you do indeed decide to cut back, you will be surprised to know how much you are richer by! Suddenly that amount of money that you calculated in the previous step does not seem impossible does it?
Also See: Things to do before you have kids
From daycare costs to an increase in medical insurance premiums to higher costs on groceries and clothing, becoming a parent doesn't come cheap. Here is a look at five things you should do financially... more 
From daycare costs to an increase in medical insurance premiums to higher costs on groceries and clothing, becoming a parent doesn't come cheap. Here is a look at five things you should do financially before having children. less 
1 / 7

Cos mop-up Rs 19 000 cr via preferential allotment in H1 FY15Cos mop-up Rs 19 000 cr via preferential allotment in H1 FY15
Shriram EPC s board meeting on Nov 11  2014Shriram EPC s board meeting on Nov 11  2014
Sensex off new peak; metal shares downHi Guest
Markets end at record closing highs; Sensex tops 28,000
Markets ended at record closing highs and the Sensex topped 28,000 mark intra-day for the first time as foreign institutional investors remained aggressive buyers in equities. The 30-share Sensex ended 56 points up at 27,916 after hitting a fresh record high of 28,010.39 and the 50-share Nifty ended 14 points up at 8,338 after touching a record high of 8,365.55. Foreign institutional investors remained buyers for the fourth straight session on Monday after they bought equities worth Rs 1,413 ...

Gold price falls 0.64% to Rs 25 797 in futures tradeGold price falls 0.64% to Rs 25 797 in futures trade
Pak has to make a conscious choice of peace with India:JaitleyPak has to make a conscious choice of peace with India:Jaitley
IMAGES: The place where space tourism dreams turn realHi Guest
IMAGES: The place where space tourism dreams turn real
Photograph: Kind Courtesy, Virgin Galactic The recent crash of the Virgin Galactic’s space plane raised many questions on the future of space tourism. This, however, did not deter the aspiring space tourists. According to reports, of the 800 people that have signed up with Virgin Galactic for space travel, not many were deterred by the accident. One waiting passenger, XPRIZE Foundation Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Peter Diamandis, issues a statement that said: “This is what ...

Peace talks: Jaitley wants Pakistan to make a conscious choicePeace talks: Jaitley wants Pakistan to make a conscious choice
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Pakistan should draw a red line whether it wants to talk to the Government of India or those who want to break India, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said today, asking it to make a “conscious” choice without which a dialogue is not possible.
India, he said, was “ready to speak to Pakistan” and is “willing to normalise the relationship” but “then there are a few red lines’’.
“We create the environment, we fix up a dialogue at the level of foreign secretaries, our foreign secretary is to visit Pakistan (and) literally a few hours before that they invite the separatists for a dialogue to their High Commission (in New Delhi).
“So I think a new red line has to be drawn in Pakistan to reconsider this question that who they want to speak to? Do they want to speak to the Government of India or they want to speak to those who want to break India,” he said at the India Economic Summit here.
“So unless Pakistan makes the conscious choice, a dialogue with Pakistan will not be possible,” he said.
India had in August called off a scheduled foreign secretary-level talks after Pakistan’s envoy met Kashmir separatists on the eve of the dialogue.
Ceasefire violation
Referring to ceasefire violations by Pakistan on the Line of Control, he said the consequences of its “misadventure” like firing on civilian population and uprooting of village,“would be an unaffordable cost for Pakistan’’.
Jaitley, who is also the Finance Minister, said New Delhi has given three messages to Pakistan.
“The first is that we want to talk. So we invited them.
The second is we send a foreign secretary there. But they must decide whether they are ready to speak to our foreign secretary or to speak to those who want to break India.
The third is that this kind of a situation in international border cannot go on.
“That’s not an environment for a dialogue... India would like to normalise the relationship. But whether Pakistan wants to normalise the relationship depends on Pakistan,” he said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Union Bank cuts interest rate on MSME loansUnion Bank cuts interest rate on MSME loans
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Union Bank of India on Wednesday announced reduction of interest rates for advances given to medium enterprises ranging from 200 bps to 375 bps to boost their credit growth.
“The revised interest rate for investment grade borrowers is in the range of 12.25% to 13.75%,” the public sector bank said in a statement.
The new rates will be effective November 3, 2014. At present, Union Bank’s base rate is 10.25 per cent.
The bank classifies medium enterprises into two classes: (a) Manufacturing enterprises which are engaged in the manufacture of goods with investment in core plant and machinery over Rs 5 crore and up to Rs 10 crore. (b) Service enterprises which are engaged in rendering services with investment in core equipment more than Rs 2 crore and up to Rs 5 crore.
MSME (Micro, Small & Medium Enterprise) is a dynamic and vibrant sector of the country's economy that nurtures entrepreneurial talent, besides meeting social objectives including that of providing employment to a sizeable number of people across the country, the statement added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Telangana per capita income above national averageTelangana per capita income above national average
KV Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 5:  
The per capita income of Telangana for 2013-14 has been put at Rs 93,151. It is way ahead of the national average of Rs 74,920. However, only three districts of the new State are having the averages that are above the national average.
"The (per capita) income masks wide variations across the districts. In the remaining seven districts, the average is below the national average," Telangana Finace Minister Eatela Rajender has said.
Presenting the Budget in the Assembly here on Wednesday, he said majority of the districts continue to remain backward with nine out of 10 districts in the State being covered under the Backward Regions Grant Fund (BRGF).
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Sanofi readies for last phase of trial on its dengue vaccine in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sanofi readies for last phase of trial on its dengue vaccine in India
P T Jyothi Datta
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
With a horizon in sight on a dengue vaccine, its maker Sanofi Pasteur is preparing for the final leg of its trials in India, as well.
“We have recently completed the Phase II study and are planning to conduct a Phase III study in India, which is a safety and immunogenicity study in a large age group,” said Stephan Barth, India Head - Sanofi Pasteur.
On Tuesday, Sanofi had said that it would register the product, the world’s first dengue vaccine, in endemic countries in 2015.
“We have competed the Phase II study amongst 189 adult subjects across five sites in India, namely - Delhi, Ludhiana, Bangalore, Pune and Kolkata,” Barth said, responding to queries from BusinessLine.
Safety, immunogenicity study
The Phase III study currently planned in India is a safety and immunogenicity study across a large age group (ie children, adolescents, and adults populations) with 18 month study duration, he added.
“As soon as the clinical trial protocol is finalised, we will submit it to the relevant authority for approval and will be in a position to start the Phase III study in India. This is a requirement before the vaccine is registered and eventually launched in the Indian market,” he explained.
Dengue vaccine candidate
Sanofi Pasteur’s dengue vaccine candidate is the most clinically and industrially advanced dengue vaccine candidate in development, the company said. Over 40,000 volunteers participated in its dengue vaccine clinical study programme (phase I, II and III), it added.
Dengue cases across the country are increasingly being reported putting pressure on an already saturated public health infrastructure. According to Health Ministry estimates, over 13,900 cases were reported till end-September 2014.
The vector-borne disease (transmitted by mosquitoes) had dramatically increased over the past 30 years with an acceleration over the last decade due to travel and urbanisation, the Sanofi note said.
India benefits
Sanofi Pasteur would make the vaccine available in India and support a comprehensive vaccination programme to help meet the World Health Organsiaiton’s objective of reducing dengue mortality by 50 per cent and morbidity by 25 per cent by 2020, Barth said.
While no details were available on how Sanofi would price the product, the company said that the vaccine would be produced at its new vaccine manufacturing facility in Neuville-sur-Saône, France.
Health priority
Dengue is a health priority in several countries of Latin America and Asia where epidemics occur regularly, the note said. And the WHO estimates that there are up to 100 million infections per year, though the overall number of people infected with dengue globally is not fully known.
The WHO has set the goal of estimating the true public health burden of dengue by 2015, the note said, adding that the burden of dengue is generally underestimated.
Severe dengue, also known as dengue haemorrhagic fever, is a potentially deadly complication due to plasma leakage, fluid accumulation, respiratory distress, severe bleeding, or organ impairment, the note explained.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Pakistan has to make a conscious choice of peace with India: Arun JaitleyTaj Mahal part of ancient temple, claims Uttar Pradesh BJP chief
Pakistan should draw a red line whether it wants to talk to government of India or those who want to break India, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said today asking it to make a “conscious” choice.
India, he said, was “ready to speak to Pakistan” and is “willing to normalise the relationship” but “then there are a few red lines”.
“We create the environment, we fix up a dialogue at the level of Foreign Secretaries, our Foreign Secretary is to visit Pakistan (and) literally a few hours before that they invite the separatists for a dialogue to their High Commission (in New Delhi).
“So I think a new red line has to be drawn in Pakistan to reconsider this question that who they want to speak to? Do they want to speak to the Government of India or they want to speak to those who want to break India,” he said at the India Economic Summit here.
“So unless Pakistan makes the conscious choice, a dialogue with Pakistan will not be possible,” he said.
India in August called off a scheduled foreign secretary-level talks after Pakistan’s envoy met Kashmir separatists on the eve of the dialogue.
Referring to ceasefire violations by Pakistan on the Line of Control, he said the consequences of its “misadventure” like firing on civilian population and uprooting of village, “would be an unaffordable cost for Pakistan.”
Jaitley, who is also the Finance Minister, said New Delhi has given three messages to Pakistan.
“The first is that we want to talk. So we invited them. The second is we send a foreign secretary there. But they must decide whether they are ready to speak to our foreign secretary or to speak to those who want to break India. The third is that this kind of a situation in international border cannot go on.
“That’s not an environment for a dialogue… India would like to normalise the relationship. But whether Pakistan wants to normalise the relationship depends on Pakistan,” he said.
TAGS: Arun Jaitely Pakistan Arun Jaitley India Pakistan India Pakistan Peace
More from miscellaneous

Wagah retreat ceremony held on small-scale on Indian sidepicture  others
Wagah retreat ceremony held on small-scale on Indian side
The Border Security Force (BSF) responded to a late evening communication by Pakistan Rangers to carry out the ceremony after they had yesterday expressed their desire to stop it for three days.
BSF and Pakistani Rangers jawans at Beating Retreat ceremony at Attari-Wagah international border on Monady, a day after the blast. (Source: PTI)
The iconic flag-lowering and retreat ceremony at Wagah resumed partially on the Indian side, a day after a powerful terror blast killed 61 people across this border in Pakistan.
BSF and Pakistani Rangers jawans at Beating Retreat ceremony at Attari-Wagah international border on Monady, a day after the blast. (Source: PTI)
"We were told about 4pm by Pak Rangers that they would want to carry out the evening ceremony ruling out their yesterday's wish to stop the ceremony for three days. As it was late for us to carry out the full-fledged drill our troops conducted a scaled-down procedure without the public," BSF chief D K Pathak told PTI.
BSF IG Frontier Ashok Kumar addresses the media  at Attari-Wagah international border on Monday, a day after the blast. (Source: PTI)
Across the border, Pakistan allowed general public to view the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah along the Indo-Pak border.
Pakistani border guards perform high kicks during a flag lowering ceremony after a Sunday suicide bombing at the Pakistan-Indian border post, in Wagah, Pakistan, Monday, Nov. 3, 2014. Pakistanis mourned on Monday for the victims of a massive suicide bombing near the border with India as the death toll from the explosion the previous day rose to at least 60, police said. (Source: AP)
Pakistan has erected big tents to camouflage the blast site in order to hide the vision from Indian side. Outside Attari Border, Indians were seen anxiously enquiring about the blast from visitors coming from Pakistan.
A Pakistani border guard performs a high kick during a flag lowering ceremony after a Sunday suicide bombing at the Pakistan-Indian border post, in Wagah, Pakistan, Monday, Nov. 3, 2014.  (Source: AP)
BSF and Pakistani Rangers jawans at Beating Retreat ceremony at Attari-Wagah international border on Monady, a day after the blast. (Source: PTI Photo)
Visitors during the Beating Retreat ceremony at Attari-Wagah international border on Monday, a day after the blast. (Source: PTI)
Related

Muslims observe Muharram in Kolkata  Delhipicture  others
Muslims observe Muharram in Kolkata, Delhi
Muharram, which is considered to be the most sacred of the months for Muslims was observed on Tuesday (November 4) amid tight security in the national capital with heavy police deployment in sensitive areas. (Source: AP)
Thousands of Muslims came out in processions on the streets of Kolkata on the occasion of Muharram. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
Men carried black flags and beat their chests in ceremonial mourning around the country. (Source: AP)
Muharram is a day of bereavement, when Muslims give to charity, observe fasts and pray in remembrance of Imam Hussain, the grandson of Prophet Mohammed who was martyred some 1330 years ago at Karbala in Iraq. (Source: PTI)
Muslim-dominated areas of Kolkata such as Park Circus, Rajabazar, Kolkata port area and Metiabruz saw huge processions. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
Children from a young age are also part of the customs and traditions. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
n the state of Maharashtra, crowds gathered on the street at Karad. (Source: PTI)
The traditional Bibi Ka Alam procession passes through Charminar in Hyderabad. (Source: PTI)
A young Muslim boy holds his chest as he walks with the procession. (Source: AP)
A Hindu woman was also seen during the Muharram procession in Kolkata. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
Related

California mosque hit by several gunshotsOfficers determined that several shots struck the Islamic Society of Coachella Valley building. (Image source: http://www.cvmosque.com/)
By: Associated Press | Coachella | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:50 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 12:51 am
Southern California authorities say a mosque in the desert city of Coachella was struck by gunfire.
The Riverside County Sheriff’s Department says a report of shots fired was received at 5:01 am Tuesday and responding officers determined that several shots struck the Islamic Society of Coachella Valley building and a vehicle. No injuries were reported, however.
A Sheriff’s Department statement says the incident is being investigated as a possible hate crime.
A regional office of the Council on American-Islamic Relations has issued a statement calling for an FBI investigation.
Coachella is southeast of Palm Springs.

Tempers flare in Haryana Assembly as ex-Speaker levels RSS barb at GovernorHaryana Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki speaks at the Assembly in Chandigarh on Tuesday. (Express photo by Jasbir Malhi)
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigrah | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:35 am
Tempers flared in the Haryana Assembly during the discussion on the Governor’s address on Wednesday, disrupting proceedings for an hour.
Trouble began when former Speaker Kuldeep Sharma said that the address gave him the impression that the “Governor was bound to read the RSS agenda”.
This sparked a commotion, with several BJP legislators including Om Prakash Dhankar and Subhash Barala raising strong objections.
Speaker Kanwar Pal Gujjar intervened: “If the RSS’s agenda is to take our country to the No 1 position in the world, what objection do you have? I also belong to the RSS and I am saying here that I am proud to be an RSS worker.”
Gujjar also asked Sharma not to attempt to generate controversies out of nothing and focus on the Governor’s address instead.
Sharma then launched a scathing attack on Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar. “I have learnt that the Chief Minister is required to go to Delhi every evening, be it for finalising names of ministers, be it allotting portfolios or office rooms. He will again leave for Delhi to decide on allotting houses to the ministers. I have also learnt that the state government is also planning to buy an aircraft to suit these needs,” Sharma said.
On the alleged infighting and discontent among senior BJP leaders after portfolios were distributed, Sharma said, “This government looks strong only from the outside. But it is only a game of numbers and the opposition is coming from within the party.” He was referring to a newspaper report that Health Minister Anil Vij went to Khattar’s room on Monday evening and used “harsh language”.
Sharma also called Israna BJP MLA Krishan Lal Panwar a “migratory bird”. Panwar had quit INLD and joined the BJP before Vidhan Sabha polls. Panwar objected and urged the Speaker to initiate legal action against Sharma for allegedly threatening him during a previous Assembly session. Sharma challenged Panwar to get action initiated against him.
Vij accused the previous Haryana government of not taking adequate measures in the health sector. He said a “mental asylum should be opened and all the Congress legislators should be lodged there, because they have lost their mental balance because of their defeat in the recent Vidhan Sabha polls”.

Will wait and watch: Omar on possible post-poll tie-up with BJPWill wait and watch: Omar on possible post-poll tie-up with BJP
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | New Delhi |       November 5, 2014 2:04 am
Comments
Abdullah said that “we are still far away from a BJP government in J&K”.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Tuesday said that the possibility of a post-poll alliance between National Conference and BJP to form a government was a “hypothetical question” because “we don’t know what will be the make up of the next assembly. Let the people decide and we will see”.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Abdullah said the idea behind BJP’s effort is to repeat 2002: tie up with a local party and cobble up a group of independents. “But all that will depend on how many seats BJP is able to win. If they win 15 seats from Jammu then BJP will be seen as a replacement of Congress. We have to watch whether they are able to make any inroads in Muslim majority areas like Mendhar, Dharhal, Rajouri, Poonch etc in Jammu province,” he said.
He said that BJP’s chances in Chinab valley (Doda-Kishtwar-Bhaderwah) seem higher. “The contest in Bhaderwah is now with BJP. They have managed to polarize the Chinab valley along communal lines,’’ he said.
Abdullah said that BJP would be able to make its own inroads into Kashmir valley only if there is a successful poll boycott. “They (BJP) are eyeing constituencies like Habakadal and Sopore. They can only win if there is a boycott,” he said. He said the agenda of BJP and separatists seems same in Kashmir. “What separatists are doing is helping those who are bitterly opposed to them. We at least were favouring talks with them. They will put them away.”
When asked whether the political agendas of pro-India political parties in Kashmir like NC and PDP are becoming irrelevant in this new discourse created by a resurgent BJP on Kashmir that vows for total integration as a solution to Kashmir issue, Abdullah said that “we are still far away from a BJP government in J&K”.
However, he agreed that the scope for a discourse beyond total integration has been shrinking.
“The birth of PDP happened only after we passed the autonomy resolution in the assembly. We are aware that this party was created as a response to our attempt to bring autonomy to the state. PDP was created to divide the vote in Kashmir and make it difficult for us to form a government on our,” he said. “They (New Delhi) had recognised Kashmiri voters wouldn’t go with a national party, so they created a regional competitor for us. Our voice has been divided now.”
When asked why didn’t his government do anything about NC’s political agenda of autonomy during the past six years of rule, Abdullah said that “it became a victim of the compulsions of a coalition”. He said that his government would have been able to move forward on the political side if it wasn’t a coalition government. “The Saghir report also became a victim of continued…

Sensex climbs 28000 peak; on track to hit 30k by Dec-endArindam Ghosh
(Sensex rose 146 points…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex climbed the 28,000 mark for the first time on Wednesday and, as projected by various market pundits, is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by the end of this calendar year.
The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 146 points in trade today to hit its fresh lifetime high of 28,006.60 while the Nifty too managed to hit a record high of 8363.95.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market , which will take the Sensex and the Nifty to fresh record highs for the rest of the year as well. The index is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by December-end and probably 35000 levels by the end of 2015.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms getting implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of list of FIIs despite global concerns.
"The momentum is likely to continue for next 5 years, driven by solid fundamentals and scope for a valuation re-rating. Given the strong domestic government and a focused policy approach, it is likely that the positive bias is going to continue," says Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt.
"We have a December-2014 target for the Sensex to about 30,000 and the Nifty price index may hit the levels of around 9,000," he adds.
The Indian markets have had a spectacular run in the year 2014, up over 32 per cent so far in the year, and from a valuation point of view, experts see the Indian markets trading at fair valuations but in line with long-term averages.
"We are neither cheap, nor really expensive, but we are broadly trending in line with long-term averages," says Arindam Ghosh , CEO, BlackRidge Capital Advisors.
"Given the fact that India has a big chance of increasingly getting distinguished and differentiated when you compare with other EMs - India stands tall and that is what is really going to help India command the extra premium," he adds.
"So from a valuation point of view, we really do not need to lose our sleep. Of course, you would keep having an intermittent correction. but every meaningful correction according to us would be a good opportunity for investors to kind of re-enter," explains Ghosh.
Within the emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm, say experts.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms last month, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
The government has focused on reviving the economy sticking to a fiscal consolidation and pro-economic agenda and attracting foreign investments into key sectors such as infrastructure, manufacturing, etc. which is a big positive for the markets and the economy.
"The market at this point in time is well placed. Inflation is slowing down, interest rates are likely to come down, raw material prices are falling and the demand is picking up. You never had such a favourable sentiment at any point in time over the last 10 years," says BP Singh, Executive Director & CIO-Equities, Pramerica Mutual Fund.
"There will be a CAGR growth of upwards of 25% plus for the next three years what the Indian corporates are going to witness and if that is the case, the stocks are very cheap. That is the reason why these investors are running into the market and are trying to buy as much as possible," he adds.
According to experts, there is fresh money which has come into our markets, which has the potential to stay for a longer period of time, which could extend to three-seven years, and that is a big positive for India.
"When we talk about the sovereign wealth funds and the pension funds, they have a longish outlook and if things turn out well over the next few years for India, there is no reason for them not to commit substantial amounts to the Indian equity market ," says Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital.
Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited is of the view that the Nifty is looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive. "Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways to fly to Vietnam s Ho Chin Minh...Jet Airways to fly to Vietnam's Ho Chin Minh City
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 01.12PM IST
Tags:
9W-064
(The new service has been…)
NEW DELHI: Expanding its international operations, private carrier Jet Airways today included Ho Chin Minh City in its network with the launch of a daily flight to the Vietnamese commercial capital via Bangkok from here.
"Ho Chin Minh City will be our 22nd international destination in our network and this flight, connecting Delhi and Mumbai via Bangkok to the Vietnamese city will not only provide a seamless connectivity to business travellers but also to the religious travellers," said Raj Shivkumar, Chief Commercial officer, Jet Airways.
He said Vietnam is turning out to be a preferred destination for holiday travellers and also Indian business were increasing their presence in that country, and a flight via Bangkok would be an added advantage for the business and tourism travellers, which would have second flight to the Thai city.
"This would also given an option to the passengers from Delhi to several destinations of their choice in ASEAN region while they transit over Bangkok," Shivkumar said.
The inaugural flight ( 9W-064 ), operated on a Boeing 737-800 with 168 passengers and crew, and took off from Terminal 3 of the IGI Airport here after a multi-faith puja, in which Ambassador of Vietnam to India, Ton Sinh Thanh also participated along with airlines officials.
The flight would take off from IGI Airport at 8.55 AM, and arrive Bangkok at 1430 hours local time. It would depart from Bangkok at 1545 hours and arrive in Ho Chin Minh City's Tan Son Nhat International Airport at 1715 hours.
On its return leg, flight 9W-063 would take off from Ho Chin Minh City at 1815 hours and arrive in Bangkok at 1945 hours, from where it would depart at 2030 hours for Delhi and arrive here at 2359 hours.
The new service has been introduced following signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in September between Jet Airways and Vietnam's flag carrier Vietnam Airlines.
Shivkumar said in the coming days, the airline would connect more Indian cities with international destinations.
The airline will soon launch direct flights to Abu Dhabi from Lucknow and Goa and in this winter schedule, it plans to joins Ahmedabad and Pune with Abu Dhabi.
The private carrier had also launched some additional flights to Gulf, and enhanced frequencies from Mumbai to Doha and Colombo.
Jet operates daily flights to Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Dubai, Doha, Kuwait, Sharjah, Muscat, Jeddah and Riyadh, making it the largest operator between India and the Gulf.
Besides adding flights to Gulf, Jet has introduced a second direct service on the Mumbai-Colombo-Mumbai sector, providing onward connections to Dubai and Abu Dhabi to the Gulf, Bangkok, Singapore and Hong Kong in the Far East and to North America via Brussels and London Heathrow with direct and code share flights.
FEATURED ARTICLES

As Samsung falters  low key scion waits in t...As Samsung falters, expected leadership change turns out to be a vexing issue leadership change
AP Nov 5, 2014, 01.18PM IST
Tags:
(Command of one of the world's…)
SEOUL: As Samsung's smartphone business suffers a dizzying decline, another issue is vexing investors.
Command of one of the world's most valuable consumer brands will eventually pass to the son of its ailing patriarch whose business abilities remain a mystery despite being elevated two years ago to a top role at the company.
Expectations of a leadership shift at Samsung intensified after the chairman of the flagship company, Samsung Electronics Co., suffered a heart attack in May. Lee Kun-hee, 72, remains hospitalized and has never publicly named his only son, Lee Jae-yong, as heir apparent. But within the financial world and South Korea, where Samsung's annual sales equal a quarter of the economy, there is little doubt he'll be the third generation of the Lee family to head the sprawling business.
The 46-year-old was promoted to vice-chairman level in 2012 after joining the company in 1991. His increasing sway comes as Samsung's rapid success with the smartphone product category pioneered by rival Apple Inc. is undergoing an equally stunning reversal. Earnings from Samsung's smartphone business began declining this year, undermined by lukewarm sales of the Galaxy S5 smartphone and the competitive onslaught from cheaper Chinese brands.
``There is no information to know the track record of his leadership, his crisis management ability and how he carried out his business vision,'' said Park Yoo-kyung of APG Asset Management Asia, a Dutch fund which is a Samsung investor.
``When shareholders approve management during the shareholders meeting, they do not know the most important profile,'' said Park.
The little that is known about Lee paints a picture of a privileged and rarified existence. Kim Yong-chul, Samsung's former top lawyer, who authored a book exposing corruption at Samsung, wrote that Lee had little understanding about the lives of ordinary people and was not embarrassed by that.
A substantial part of his $4.7 billion fortune stems from access to shares in Samsung-affiliated companies before they went public. He has increasingly become a public face of Samsung, meeting people such as Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, Apple CEO Tim Cook and China's president Xi Jinping, but has never given an interview.
Samsung declined to comment on his role at the company.
South Korea's media increasingly attributes big decisions at Samsung Electronics, the crown jewel of the Samsung empire, to Lee. His known business record, however, includes the failure of Samsung's Internet ventures in 2000. Lee sold his stake to other Samsung affiliates a year later.
Smartphone troubles are the most obvious and immediate challenge for the Harvard-educated Lee. Earnings from Samsung's mobile business plunged by nearly 75 per cent last quarter as Chinese competitors such as Xiaomi wooed customers in developing nations. But there are other tests facing him.
Founded in 1938 by Lee's grandfather Lee Byung-chull, Samsung bulked into an empire spanning washing machines to finance and semiconductors during an era when South Korea's government gave cheap finance to companies in a rush to catch up with Japan and other developed nations. What mattered were results. How they were achieved was less important.
Even today, the group acts in ways that are frowned upon by investors and regulators.
Despite a minority shareholding, family control is maintained through a maze of cross-shareholdings in the 70 companies that make up the group. Neither Lee nor his father is part of the Samsung Electronics board of directors, the group of individuals with legal responsibility for the company's decisions.
``I think that Lee is aware that he can't manage the group in the same leadership style as his grandfather or his father,'' said Kim Sang-jo, director of Solidarity for Economic Reform, a group that advocates stricter accountability for South Korea's powerful conglomerates.
``Rather than just meeting up with the Facebook CEO, he should have official rights and responsibility as a registered director at Samsung,'' Kim said.
Some attribute Lee's low profile to South Korea's culture of filial piety. Out of respect to the family patriarch, Lee may be reluctant to highlight his achievements at Samsung while his father is still at the helm. It also helps explain a puzzling phenomenon to outsiders: reports in the South Korean media extolling Lee's vague achievements that rely on anonymous company sources.
An indication of change may come from how Lee deals with the legacy of his father's conviction for embezzlement and tax evasion. He was given a suspended prison sentence and later pardoned.
One of the court's findings was that Lee Kun-hee ensured his son got rich by issuing him securities in an IT services company, Samsung SDS, at much less than their value, causing losses to other shareholders.
Samsung's de facto holding company Cheil Industries, which was involved in a similar court case over how Lee Jae-yong became a majority stakeholder, and Samsung SDS are set to go public in coming months. Critics such as Kim say that the big profits Lee will reap should be a reminder of his larger responsibilities.
``He should show social responsibility by implementing an ownership structure and leadership that markets and the public can accept,'' said Kim.
Samsung critics say that means turning away from the past. But Lee might still gain inspiration from his father, who famously urged Samsung workers in a 1993 speech to transform the company at its most fundamental levels. ``Change everything,'' he said, ``but wife and children.''
FEATURED ARTICLES

Max India surges 10% as FM says amended Insurance Bill could get House okay soonArun Jaitley hopes passage of amended insurance bill in Winter Session; Max India surges 10%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 01.58PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Amended insurance bill proposes…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Max India surged over 10 per cent in intraday trade after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said he hoped the amended Insurance Bill will be tabled in the Winter Session of Parliament.
"When we were in the government on the last occasion we had opened up the Insurance sector. At that time, probably the political system had appetite for that limited opening up," he said at World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit.
"We are now liberalising it a little more. I do hope that the amended bill would be passed in the forthcoming session of parliament later this month," he added.
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill (2008) proposes to revise Section 45 to state that no claim can be repudiated after three years under any circumstance.
An internal committee of the insurance sector regulator Irda has recommended hiking FDI in all insurance sector intermediaries like brokers, surveyors, third-party administrators (TPAs) and web aggregators to 49 per cent from the present 26 per cent, say reports.
The proposed hike in FDI limit is expected to result in inflow of $5 billion over the next 5 years.
Max India is one of the insurance companies that is likely to benefit from reforms in the sector.
At 12:40 p.m.; Max India was up 6.04 per cent at Rs 388. It rallied 10.35 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 403.80.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is the attack on Wagah a message forIndiaPrint
WAGAH MESSAGE: Pakistan terror is almost on the Indian border now, and terror groups have threatened Narendra Modi
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:12 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 2:17 pm
The fidayeen attack near the Wagah border, the main entry point between India and Pakistan, conveys two things. First, those who have vowed to give their life for jihad do not want normalisation of relations between the two countries. Second, after the withdrawal of American troops from Afghanistan, they want the fidayeen’s writ to run. The fundamentalists are opposed to having an equation with Hindu-majority India.
They have mutilated Islamic ideology and practise a form of Islam they believe will lead to the annihilation of the kafir (infidel). They cannot afford to be on the same page with him because they feel that their ideology is superior to others’, says veteran editor Kuldip Nayar in Target Wagah .
Even the terrorist group that carried out Sunday’s murderous suicide bombing has followed it up with a threat to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“You are the killer of hundreds of Muslims,” Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA) spokesperson ‘Ehsanullah Ehsan’ said in a message released on his Twitter feed on Monday, hours after claiming responsibility for the Wagah strike, “We w(il)l take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gujarat” (sic).

Bharti Airtel cancels Rs 700 cr deal to acquire Loop MobileBharti Airtel calls off Rs 700-crore deal to acquire Loop Mobile
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 15:22 IST
Photo: Reuters
Telecom major Bharti Airtel has called off its plans to acquire business and assets of Mumbai based Loop Mobile, for about Rs 700 crore, as the Department of Telecom is yet to clear the deal.
Loop Mobile and Bharti applied to Department of Telecom (DoT) for approval of the business transfer in March 2014. The approval for the transaction is still awaited from the relevant authorities as a result of which Bharti Airtel has withdrawn from the proposed transaction causing huge loss to the company, Loop Mobile spokesperson told PTI.
DoT is yet to give clearance to the deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
Loop Mobile's permit in Mumbai is expiring on November 29 and the company did not purchase spectrum in February auction which was mandatory for continuing its operations.
Airtel had signed a deal with Loop in February this year to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile's 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were suppose to join Airtel's over 4 million subscribers, making it largest network in the metropolitan city.
Loop Mobile will not be able to migrate its subscribers to Airtel as originally envisaged. No immediate comments were received from Airtel.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has told the DoT that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
A consortium led by Axis Bank had given advanced loans of Rs 350 crore to Loop Mobile and the current outstanding stood at Rs 215 crore, according to a communication by the bank to DoT.
Loop Mobile has applied to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) for release of additional porting codes for facilitating port-out (transfer) of all its subscribers.
The company had over 17 lakh customer in August as per data released by TRAI. 

Bharti Airtel cancels 700 cr deal to buy Loop MobileBharti Airtel calls off Rs 700-crore deal to acquire Loop Mobile
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 15:22 IST
Photo: Reuters
Telecom major Bharti Airtel has called off its plans to acquire business and assets of Mumbai based Loop Mobile, for about Rs 700 crore, as the Department of Telecom is yet to clear the deal.
Loop Mobile and Bharti applied to Department of Telecom (DoT) for approval of the business transfer in March 2014. The approval for the transaction is still awaited from the relevant authorities as a result of which Bharti Airtel has withdrawn from the proposed transaction causing huge loss to the company, Loop Mobile spokesperson told PTI.
DoT is yet to give clearance to the deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
Loop Mobile's permit in Mumbai is expiring on November 29 and the company did not purchase spectrum in February auction which was mandatory for continuing its operations.
Airtel had signed a deal with Loop in February this year to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile's 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were suppose to join Airtel's over 4 million subscribers, making it largest network in the metropolitan city.
Loop Mobile will not be able to migrate its subscribers to Airtel as originally envisaged. No immediate comments were received from Airtel.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has told the DoT that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
A consortium led by Axis Bank had given advanced loans of Rs 350 crore to Loop Mobile and the current outstanding stood at Rs 215 crore, according to a communication by the bank to DoT.
Loop Mobile has applied to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) for release of additional porting codes for facilitating port-out (transfer) of all its subscribers.
The company had over 17 lakh customer in August as per data released by TRAI. 

Hopes rise Widodo will hasten SOE reformsHopes rise that Widodo will inject new life into Indonesia reform
By Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51690c00-47b6-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SoftBank in $100m Indonesia start-up dealSoftBank and Sequoia sink $100m in Indonesia web marketplace
Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7446a57e-59c8-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Single blood test to detect many types of cancerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tom Cruise Lists Colorado Ranch for $59 Milliontom cruise lists colorado ranch for $59 million
Flipkart Partners Payment Solutions Provider EuronetYou are here: Home Corporates
Flipkart Partners Payment Solutions Provider Euronet
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 16:28 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Bengaluru: Homegrown e-tailer Flipkart today announced a strategic partnership with Euronet India, secure electronic transaction processing and payment solutions provider, to distribute e-commerce major's 'digital gift codes' across the country.
These digital gift codes act as payment instruments for making e-commerce purchases and an effective alternative to other conventional means of payment, Flipkart said in a statement.
The customer will not just be able to gift these codes, but also use them for self-consumption on Flipkart.com, the company added.
Indian consumers across major banks will soon be able to use their online-banking portals and mobile applications to purchase digital codes which can be delivered instantly via their email accounts or through a text message in a secure fashion, using Euronet's electronic transaction processing services, Flipkart said.
"Indian customers will now be able to avail this extremely user friendly instrument to purchase products and services offered on flipkart.com using a variety of unique bank channels that Euronet powers today.
"This initiative will not just help in bringing new customers on-board but can also potentially bring greater efficiency and scale in existing operations," Sr. Director -Marketing, Flipkart," Mausam Bhatt said.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 16:23 (IST)

Analyst Corner: Downgrade Divis on reduced gDiovanmarginsMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
We downgrade Divi’s Laboratories to neutral from overweight but revise target price higher to R1,974 from R1,718 earlier. We believe while the ex-gDiovan business is steady, the stock which has had a very strong run (up 30% in three months), is fully valued. At the current price, it is trading at a 29x FY15 and 23x FY16 estimates. We roll forward our target price while making adjustments – increasing generic sales but reducing operating margin forecasts (FY15e margin cut by 300 bps). We value Divi’s at 22x (earlier 21x), which is 1x PE and in line with the current valuations, at Sep-16e EPS of R89.7 to arrive at our new target.
Net profit beat estimate by 14% driven by a robust sales beat of 20%. Sales too  were well ahead of estimates on the back of higher contribution of gDiovan, which Divi’s is supplying to Ranbaxy during the six-month exclusivity in the US market. EBITDA margin at 36.8% was 330 bps lower than our estimate, which implies that gDiovan margins are low for Divi’s.
Given higher supplies of Valsartan (gDiovan) in Q2, generic share is higher at 54% while custom synthesis is at 46%. Post Q3, gDiovan should be immaterial, in our view. The company attributes the lower margin in the quarter to this higher generic mix.  Divi’s continues to maintain 20% sales growth guidance for FY15 with margins close to the H1 level of 37%. At 20% sales growth, implied sales growth for H2 is just 8%. We believe while this guidance is conservative, margin should continue to remain depressed as certain costs such as power are expected to increase.
TAGS: GDiovan GDiovan Margin
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

After West Bengal  Odisha emerges as another ponzihotbedMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
As regulator Sebi continues its clampdown on ponzi schemes, it has found Odisha to be a major hotbed for such illegal fund-raising activities with investors being duped in name of jatropha bushes and gold investments.
A large number of companies, either based out of this eastern state or having a significant presence there, are being probed for running illicit ‘collective investment schemes’, while penal action has already been initiated by Sebi against over 20 other entities from the region.
The prominent names that have faced Sebi action and might be slapped with further penalties or other enforcement measures include Sunshine and Green Ray groups.
While an order was passed in Sunshine group case earlier this year, the regulator is further probing the matter.
Among others, such companies are suspected to have collectively garnered thousands of crores worth rupees from investors with promises of huge returns, including doubling of money in a few years, from investments in jatropha plants, real estate ventures, hospitality business, gold and silver coins and a host of agriculture-related activities.
According to senior officials, Odisha has emerged as a major hotbed for such illicit fund-raising activities on the lines of its neighbouring state West Bengal.
Besides, a number of entities operating from West Bengal, including Saradha group, have also significant presence in Odisha. Sebi is the only regulatory agency to have passed directions so far in many such cases including Saradha, although investigations are underway by other agencies too.
Sebi has ordered refund of money and debarment from such fund-raising activities in these cases. Besides, it has also written to the state governments and others for further criminal proceedings against operators of such schemes, while further such actions are expected in some other cases.
In the past, the illegal fund-raising activities in Odisha were mainly related to agriculture-related businesses, but cases like jatropha bushes, gold and silver coins and real estate schemes have also come to the fore in the recent past.
In one of the schemes linked to jatropha plants, funds were collected from about 40,000 gullible investors with promise of tripling of money in seven years.
Jatropha, a wild green shrub largely found in arid and hot regions like Egypt, India and Madagascar, gained economic significance in 2007 when global investment banking major Goldman Sachs predicted that jatropha can be one of the best candidates for future bio-diesel production.
Over the years, many governments across the world also launched special programmes for jatropha plantations and mandatory blending for biofuel production, but the results were later found to be far from encouraging.
Taking benefit of the hype around biofuel connection of jatropha plants, some operators launched their own schemes to collect money from gullible investors.
Those against whom Sebi has taken action in the past in Odisha include Abhinav Agrotech, Ak-Lovya Plantatons, Auroshree Agro Industries, Bethel Green Growth, Bikash India Agro Estates, Chotanagpur Herbal Agro, Green Estates, Green Garden Plantations, Greenedge Plantations, Jiban Bikash Plantations, Lifecare, Surakshya Green Gold, Tans Oceanic Agrotech, Mahanadi Plantations, Maruti Greeneries, Natural Plantations and Ruran Agro Plantations.
As illicit money-pooling schemes sprout across nooks and corners of the country, Sebi has asked state governments to put in place the first line of defence against such activities and provide ‘early warning systems’ for cases requiring action by the capital markets regulator.
Promising full support to the states in fighting this menace where fraudsters have collected thousands of crores of rupee through various ponzi and other illegal schemes, Sebi Chairman U K Sinha recently told PTI that the state governments have immense powers, if utilised well, to bring to book such entities.
Sebi has also urged all states to pass the State Deposit Protection Act, which would allow the state governments to take stern action against illegal deposit-taking activities within their jurisdictions. While many states have passed this Act already, at least seven others are yet to do so.
Under a new law, Sebi has been authorised to take action against all unregulated money-pooling schemes with a corpus of Rs 100 crore or more.
TAGS: Odisha Ponzi Schemes Sebi
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Hero MotoCorp Q2 net up 59 pc at Rs 763 crNew Delhi, October 16, 2014
Updated: October 17, 2014 18:22 IST
Hero MotoCorp Q2 net up 59 pc at Rs 763 cr
Yuthika Bhargava
quarterly or semiannual financial statement
Country's largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp on Thursday reported 58.62 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 763 crore for the second quarter ended on September 30.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 481 crore during the same period of previous fiscal.
Turnover of the company rose 20.76 per cent to Rs 6,915 crore for the reported quarter against Rs 5,726 crore during the year ago period.
In terms of volumes, the company's total sales during the quarter stood at 16,92,593 units.
Hero MotoCorp Vice Chairman and Managing Director Munjal said in a statement, "...a concerted focus on costs has enabled us to have good margins even as we continue to keep strengthening our market leadership."
"These numbers bode well for the festive season and we are looking at leveraging this momentum to ensure record retail sales in the month of October," he added.
He said that with the new stable government at the Centre, the sentiment in the entire country has turned positive.
"The rupee depreciation, which had adversely impacted several sectors, and pulled up the costs of essential commodities, has also more or less stabilised. We will continue to be innovative in tackling any extraneous pressures to protect our margins," he said.

Renewable capacity addition lower in H1Updated: November 4, 2014 23:13 IST
Renewable capacity addition lower in H1
G. Balachandar
The Hindu Wind mills situated near Kaavalkinaru in Tirunelveli District. Photo: A. Shaikmohideen
TOPICS
alternative energy
New capacity addition in the renewable energy sector was lower by 20 per cent during the first half of this fiscal when compared to a year-ago period.
The sector added 1,094 MW of new capacity during April-September, 2014, as against 1,376 MW in the same period previous year.
Of the new capacity added during period under reference, the wind sector contributed about 865 MW (808 MW), while the rest was contributed by solar, bagasse cogeneration and small hydro at 135 MW (395 MW), 41 MW (55 MW) and 53 MW (94.5 MW), respectively, according to the Union Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE).
With the first half new capacity addition, the cumulative grid-interactive renewable energy installed capacity increased to 32,780 MW on September 30, 2014.
Of the total capacity, the wind sector accounts for 67 per cent (21,997 MW) of total green power installed capacity. Small hydro power contributed 3,857 MW, while solar accounted for 2,766 MW. Bagasse cogeneration and biomass contributed 2,689 MW and 1,365 MW, respectively.
The new capacity addition in the renewable energy sector remains in slow growth mode.
Even the annual capacity addition target has also been scaled down to 3,770 MW for the present fiscal when compared with the target of 4,325 in 2013-14.
It may be recalled that the green energy sector missed the capacity addition target in the past two years.

Payments space to see disruption in next 5 yearsUpdated: November 4, 2014 23:31 IST
Payments space to see disruption in next 5 years
Sanjay Vijayakumar
economy, business and finance
The payments space is going to see lot of invention and disruption in the next five years, a top official from online payment firm Paypal said.
“This entire space is rife for disruption whether it is Apple Pay, whether it is Paypal or somebody. It is bound to happen in the next five years that is my forecast,” Anupam Pahuja, General Manager, Paypal Technology- APAC, said.
Every time a customer bought a product for Rs. 100, he paid Rs 2 of that to a bank, he said.
For merchants, transaction fees was the fourth highest item in their P&L after cost of space, cost of inventory and employee cost, he pointed out.
“Nobody wants to pay such transaction fees. There is going to be so much invention and creative in this space. Fees merchants are forced to pay because there is no competition today is going to come down,” Mr. Pahuja said.
Payments through mobile
He also saw lot of payments happening through mobile going forward. About $12 billion or 20 per cent of total payments volume came through mobile for Paypal in the third quarter. “From 0, we have to gone up to 20 per cent in two years time in mobile payments,” he said.
Mr. Pahuja said India had seen a slow pace of growth in electronic payments because most payments happened through cash.
“We are cash-driven economy today, but five years down the road, I don’t see that happening. Will it come down to 80 per cent mobile payments? No. But not in nature today,” he added.
Once issues of easier use and security were addressed, mobile payments would pick up in India as well, according to Mr. Pahuja.

Rescue bid launched for PetropavlovskNovember 4, 2014 4:03 pm
Consortium plans rescue bid for Petropavlovsk
Jack Farchy in Almaty
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca85960c-6382-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Midterm results likely to sway investorsMidterm results likely to sway investors
Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ff38a16-6438-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Salaries of Indian CEOs touch new highsStory
Top job, big bucks
Indian CEO salaries are touching new highs as the war for talent gets fiercer. And compensation structuring is increasingly mimicking the salary innovations in the US.
Shamni Pande and Jyotindra Dubey      Follow @ShamniPande    Edition: Nov 23, 2014
(Clockwise from top left) Reliance Industries Limited CMD Mukesh Ambani, Bharti Enterprises Founder and Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal, Reliance Group Chairman Anil Ambani, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka
In July this year, India's software services giant Infosys announced that it was hiring former SAP chief technology officer Vishal Sikka as its new CEO at a compensation that could touch $5.08 million (Rs 30 crore or so) per annum including variable pay. Sikka would also be entitled to stock options to the tune of $2 million.
Sikka's remuneration made headlines because - though middling by global standards - it was the highest salary that had been offered to a non-promoter CEO in the country till date.
And it was vastly higher than the salary of the man who was doing the hiring. N.R. Narayana Murthy, who had given the final nod to Sikka's recruitment, was drawing a princely sum of Rs 1 per annum. Murthy had stipulated he would only accept a token salary when he agreed to come out of retirement in June 2013 and take charge as executive chairman once again.
The highest paid Promoter and Professional CEOs (Graphics by Ajay Thakuri)
Click here to Enlarge
Despite the gloom and doom of the past few years, there has never been a better time to be a CEO of an Indian company. The average compensation of Indian CEOs - both promoters and professionals - has risen sharply over the past few years. In fact, in 2013/14, a year that was pretty dismal for the Indian corporate world, the CEOs of the top 100 listed companies saw their aggregate annual compensation rise by 12 per cent. The aggregate revenues of the same group of companies only rose by 9.6 per cent while profit after tax grew even slower at 6.9 per cent.
A decade ago, there were barely a couple of dozen C-suite occupants who drew salaries over Rs 1 crore per annum. In 2013/14, there were 697 crorepatis in total in the BT 500 C-suites, with about 40 being added in that year itself. There were a dozen people whose annual salaries were well above Rs 25 crore, another 45 in the Rs 10 crore to Rs 25 crore bracket. In several of the top companies, over 10 executives had compensation packages in excess of Rs 1 crore. The newcomers to the crorepati club last year included people like Abhijit Roy, MD, Berger Paints India, at Rs 1.07 crore, Anupam Puri at Rs 1.1 crore and Bruce LA Carter at Rs 1.02 crore - both Directors at Dr Reddy's Laboratories. Infrastructure company Triveni Turbine has Arun Prabhakar Mote, Executive Director at Rs 2.17 crore, while Jindal Steel & Power has Dinesh Kumar Saraogi at Rs 1.31 crore.
The Top League
Things were not always as good for Indian CEOs. Till the early 1990s, the Companies Act capped the CEOs' salaries. Add the fact that personal income tax was considerably steeper then, and most CEOs took home salaries that were fairly modest, by any standards, even if the rupee went a lot further in those days than it does today.
In 1993, changes in the Companies Act freed CEO salaries and immediately pay packages started shooting up. By 1994, the first CEOs with over Rs 1 crore in annual compensation had started showing up. Pradip Shah, founding MD of India's pioneer credit rating firm CRISIL was one of the earliest to cross the seven figure salary barrier. But even then, through the 1990s, the CEO crorepati club was fairly exclusive.
THE FIGHT FOR TALENT
Things started changing in the last years of the 20th century as the opening up of the economy saw new multinationals coming into the country. Meanwhile, the dotcom boom, the runaway growth of IT companies, and the rising number of new multinationals opening shop ensured that salaries doubled, tripled and quadrupled in the senior rungs. As the fight for talent grew fiercer, poaching became the name of the game. And the older multinationals in the country became favourite hunting grounds for new players looking to build a senior team quickly.
Of course, poaching was always a favoured tactic of any new firm setting up operations in India even earlier. Ramesh Vangal, who led PepsiCo's entry into the country, reminisces how, in 1988, they picked up lots of talent from Hindustan Lever (now Hindustan Unilever). "SM Datta - the then chairman of HLL - met me and expressed his concern about how PepsiCo was disturbing the Indian salary structure and how this would have a bad impact on all companies," laughs Vangal. To get around the salary restrictions of those days, PepsiCo and other new players started offering perks like soft furnishing allowances, paid vacations abroad, and paid helpers.
But the action had really started hotting up in the late 1990s. In 1998 and 1999, the dotcom boom was giving rise to its own dynamics. Where CEO salaries was largely fixed till the mid-90s, the end 90s saw a large portion coming by way of variable pay. The dotcoms, the software services companies and other tech companies also introduced the concept of Employee Stock Option Plans (ESOPs) and also sweat equity. The idea was to let the senior employees have some incentive that would be tied to the company's performance.
When stock options first made their appearance, the traditional companies were aghast. "I remember a conversation with a promoter of an Indian group and asked him to offer stock option to a talent they were keen on hiring for launching their financial services arm. They thought the suggestion to be preposterous," says Sanjiv Sachar of Egon Zehnder, that specializes in leadership and board-level talent search. Later though, even the traditionalists gave in. "The new Indian business entities realised that no high-flier was willing to join them and the only way to woo them was to offer high stakes," says K Sudarshan of EMA Partners International, a headhunting firm.
Sectorwise median salaries
By March 2000, the dotcom boom had reached its peak and the long slide down was about to begin. The dotcom burst of 2000/01 had an impact not just on the pure internet companies but on the entire information technology sector. Suddenly, tech stocks were plunging and ESOPs were under water. It would be around 2006/07 before stock options and sweat equity would come back into favour and become mainstream. And other industries, not just technology companies, would make them part of the overall compensation package of CEOs.
In 2000/01, even as tech was falling out of favour, other sunrise industries were taking up the slack. Telecom and television were two new sectors offering record salaries. ZEE Television, provoked by the success of Star Plus' Kaun Banega Crorepati roped in Rediffusion DYR's advertising head Sandeep Goyal for a salary that far exceeded Rs 1 crore. "This was also the time when professionals had quit in favour of start-ups and the banking and financial services sector, along with telecom, was taking off," says K Sudarshan of EMA Partners. People like Girish Rangan who had worked in Proctor & Gamble, Boots India and Leo Burnett crossed over to telecom for salaries upwards of Rs 1 crore.
THE SLOWDOWN AND THE PAY CUTS
By 2005/06, CEO salaries had again begun a steep climb and the Rs 1 crore figure was passe. The new benchmark was $1 million. Some of it was simply because Indian CEOs now needed to operate in global markets as well, and this had a trigger effect on the salaries. "We in India are globally competitive in terms of CEO salaries and many have globally benchmarked salaries? a million-dollar salary is not at all unusual," says GV Prasad, CEO, Dr Reddy's.
The decade also saw the rise in the salaries of promoter CEOs. As a group, promoter CEOs were in general better paid than their professional counterparts, but the salaries of promoters went up exponentially only in mid-2000. It would take the 2009 global financial bust before CEO salary growth started slowing down again.
The remuneration of MUKESH AMBANI, CMD, RIL, rose from Rs 9.6 crore in 2001/02 to Rs 44 crore in 2007/08, after which he took a massive pay cut. His pay since 2008/09 is fixed at Rs 15 crore
In fact, in the slowdown following the global financial crisis, many promoter CEOs took hefty paycuts. Mukesh Ambani voluntarily cut his salary by half. Naveen Jindal slashed his salary even more, and several others took pay cuts in the top rung.
In 2009, the variable component of the salary for many professional CEOs also fell sharply. This was the year when people realised that variable structure was indeed variable! "This was the year of downturn and many people did not get their bonus and variable end of the salary structure," says Anita Ramachandran of Cerebrus Consultants, one of the oldest talent search firms in India. Though India Inc has consistently marched ahead on having lesser percentage of pay structures towards fixed, this was the first time their compensation was being withheld.
For many of the promoter CEOs though, the pay cuts did not materially affect their income or wealth. Many promoters received dividends worth crores from their shares, and their dividend income was often vastly in excess of their salaries. Even more important, much of their wealth was derived from the value of the stock they held. Even Murthy could afford to take just Rs 1 as his salary during his comeback because his family's shares in Infosys was worth well over $1 billion.
LAGGING BEHIND GLOBAL COUNTERPARTS
Despite the skyrocketing salaries, the overall compensation of even the highest paid Indian CEOs lag behind their US counterparts, largely because of the differences in the scale of operations. For example, Sikka may well be the best paid Indian tech CEO, but his salary is still small potatoes compared to the salaries of the top tech CEOs in the US, most of whom boast salaries (including bonuses) in excess of $30 million annually. Similarly, Wall Street and Hedge Fund bonuses completely dwarf the compensation of top Indian financial services companies.
But despite the differences in amounts, in many cases the Indian compensation structuring has followed the lead of US companies. Some of this has happened because multinationals have tried to follow the same pay structures across regions.
Executives who earned at least a crore in 2013-14
Pallavi Kathuria of Egon Zehnder, a leadership search firm, says: "The last few years has seen a clear standardization of compensation packagages, based on levels, in most multinational organisations." This means that in regions contributing to similar revenues, the stark differences in pay packages is thinning. She does put a rider though: "The difference, of course, is on the size of business and the geographical area under control," she says.
Egon Zehnder points out that sometimes organisations tend to compensate new CEOs for unvested stocks and other benefits that they are leaving behind, but these differences tend to even out in three years. But at any rate, CEOs today are being sought that can have their 'skin in the game'. Here, naturally, they are given stock options, or in some cases, even put in some kind of sweat equity that get compensated when the company is listed. Here again India is miming trend of the developed markets, but not the whole hog. "We still notice that CEOs are not as willing to take a hair-cut or forgo on their fixed pay as much as those in Silicon Valley," says Kathuria.
True. CEO compensation structure is moving away from fixed pay towards variable and long-term incentives (LTIs), but it is still not a vastly changed equation in the last five years. Aon Hewitt data show that in 2010 CEO salaries were structured with 55 per cent towards fixed pay, 25 per cent in variable and the balance 20 per cent being LTIs. In 2014 this mix has shifted a bit with 50 per cent being fixed, 20 per cent being variable and 30 per cent being LTIs. Also, the fixed pay has gone up in the range of 8.5-9.5 per cent and the variable pay has risen in the range of 12.5-13.5 per cent. But even with all this, the difference between salaries of Indian and global CEOs remains.
Comparison of Indian and global CEO salaries
While some of the old perks remain, changing tax structures and market realities have also made some old perks less attractive. Today, it is not uncommon to find CEOs who buy fancy houses in tony residential addresses on their own steam and live it up. "Earlier, companies could lure and retain talent by giving them houses. But with availability of housing loans and supply of residential properties, companies too realised they were sitting with huge real estate in their book and having to worry of maintenance," observes Anshuman Magazine, Chairman and MD (South-Asia) of CBRE, a real estate services firm.
Also, signing bonuses are becoming common. "In the last year or so even Indian companies when they hire give a massive signing bonus. No senior person will jump unless there is a big bonus commensurate to your packet size," says Devraj Sanyal, MD (South Asia), Universal Music.
Not just that, "There is bonus, grand slam and stock options," he says. CEOs get 100 per cent bonus if they meet the full target (bonus is usually 40 per cent of the compensation). "Every CEO and MD is incentivised to go well beyond the plan. The Grand Slam is if you hit your target numbers three years in a row then there is a big pot of gold sitting somewhere. Grand Slam is more of an anti-attrition retention tool to keep the big boys locked in so that they don't jump," he says.
Golden parachutes (the hefty severance pay) that was an innovation of the US has made its way to the country as well. According to sources, two media heads have walked away this year with exit salaries of Rs 58 crore and Rs 87 crore.
And with sweat equity and skin in the game, the relationship between promoters and the top professionals is also changing. Promoters such as GV Sanjay Reddy, Vice Chairman, GVK, readily acknowledge that the real concept of CEO has evolved. "They have become partners in business and is not quite like the earlier purely employee-owner relationship and, therefore, their compensation is heavily linked to their performance," he says.
In fact, the promoter-employee relationship can change because of a number of factors. Take the case of A Mahendran, former MD, Godrej Consumer, who came to work for the Godrej group in 1994 when Godrej bought Transelektra. "I joined Godrej by selling my business Goodknight to them. They wanted me to run the business. I ran it on contract basis. Mine was not sweat equity, but equity that I put with cash. I participated in the equity as per the valuation," he says. This meant that he operated like an entrepreneur with a minority stake in the joint venture business. In 2010, when Sara Lee exited the venture, it was merged with Godrej Consumer Products and Mahendran became the MD of Godrej Consumer Products. He eventually exited in 2013, but still continues as non-executive director.
EQUALS? NOT EXACTLY
Despite CEO salaries rising rapidly in general, not all industries tend to compensate similarly. And even though there has been a certain standardisation of structure of compensation, there is little correlation of pay packages and size of company.
CEO pay vis-Ã -vis employee salaries and net profit
Click here to Enlarge
In theory, there should be a strong correlation between company pay and performance and the size of the company. But that is becoming less and less true both globally and in India. "Our data shows that in India, historically, the extent of correlation between these two factors has been far lower (and almost negligible) compared to developed economies," says Anandorup Ghose, Performance and Rewards Consulting Practice Leader at Aon Hewitt India.
According to Ghosh, pay at the executive level here has always been driven by the incumbent than the size of the role. For instance, YC Deveshwar as Chairperson of ITC gets to take home around Rs 11.28 crore for a company that generates over Rs 48,000 crore in revenue. This is close to what Zubair Ahmed of GSK Consumer Products gets to take home - Rs 10.79 crore on revenues of Rs 5,351 crore. In the automotive segment, Pawan Munjal gets Rs 37.88 crore on revenues of Rs 27,710 crore and that is not too far apart from what Onkar Kanwar takes - Rs 30.40 crore on revenues of Rs 9,794 crore.
CEO SALARY AND SHAREHOLDER ACTIVISM
While CEO salaries recommended by the board or compensation committees have generally tended to sail through in India, of late, there is a rising trend of shareholder activism for compensation packages which are seen to be out of line with overall performance. In July, for the first time this year, the proposal on Tata Motors was rejected and it actually turned to be an outlier in the melee.
Tata Motors is the only instance that did not even get the required 75 per cent votes in postal ballot to give a bonus to the legal heir of former MD Karl Slym (who is part of our best paid professional CEO list and who died in January this year) and two other directors. Tata Motors had not posted great results and that could have been one reason for this.
The Tata Motors case was unique because even the proxy advisory firms had not opposed it. "We did not oppose the proposal of Tata Motors," says Shriram Subramanian of InGovern. Despite that, it still did not get the requisite votes to go through.
According to both proxy firms, Tata Motors deserved to have its proposal approved as these were executive directors and not promoters. Also, the company had sufficient profit and revenues that merited its proposal. Also, the compensation was in line with industry standards.
In other cases though, salary proposals went through despite stiff opposition. In June this year, Marico faced resistance as proxy firm Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IIAS) opposed the stock option plan of Marico's new MD and CEO Saugata Gupta for 2014. Marico board sought to grant stock options of up to 0.5 per cent to Gupta.
IIAS was of the view that at the then prevailing share price of Rs 237, the total cost of the scheme amounted to Rs 761 million. That was equivalent to 13.2 per cent of the financial year 2014 net profit. Also, Marico had not disclosed the period over which the company will grant stock options to Gupta. However, Gupta's compensation finally got the desired votes. Suzlon and Apollo Tyres also saw compensation challenges, though in both cases the proposals finally went through.
The new Companies Act is likely to bring more changes to the CEO compensation story. "The new Act puts the onus of succession on the board. Also, it fundamentally alters the way this issue is viewed, making them accountable," says Hemant Upadhyay, Managing Consultant and Leader of Executive Rewards Practice at Hay Group India. But veteran market observers and analysts such as Prithvi Haldea are not convinced. "We have many laws. A company that wants to follow the law will do so. Those wanting to flout them will find loopholes," he says.
With inputs from E Kumar Sharma and Ajita Shashidhar

Sensex Hits 28 000 for First Time As Record Rally Continues  Nifty Above 8 350You are here: Home Market
Sensex Hits 28,000 for First Time, Nifty Rises Above 8,350
NDTV | Updated On: November 05, 2014 15:53 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
The BSE Sensex scaled above 28,000 for the first time ever, while the 50-share Nifty also hit a record high in morning trade. This is the fourth consecutive session when Indian stock markets have hit record highs. ( Track stocks )
Wednesday's gains were driven by banking stocks, which rose in anticipation of a rate hike next month. The banking sub-index on the National Stock Exchange hit an all-time high of 17,316 today.
The clamour for a rate cut by the Reserve Bank has been increasing because of easing inflation and a slide in crude prices, which are trading at a four-year low. The slump in crude prices will lead to a substantial decline in India's import bill. This means lower fiscal deficit and further easing in inflation.
(Also Read | Nifty Set to Cross 10,000 Peak Next Year: JM Financial )
Earlier-than-expected rate cut is likely to boost demand and trigger expansion in the economy. Analysts have guided for a rate cut next year.
Domestic equities have also got a boost from Bank of Japan's stimulus announcement on Friday. Analysts say BoJ's move will ensure the steady flow of overseas investments into Indian equities at a time when the US Federal Reserve has put an end to its six-year old monetary stimulus.
On Monday, foreign investors bought shares worth Rs. 1,413 crore. Year-to-date, FIIs have bought Indian shares worth nearly $14 billion (nearly Rs 84,000 crore at $1 = Rs 60).
Recent reform announcements have also helped sentiments in domestic equities. Last month, the government decontrolled diesel prices, raised gas prices and said that it will open up the coal sector to private companies.
The Sensex ended 55.5 points higher at 27,915.88, while the 50-share Nifty closed at 8,338.30, up 0.17 per cent.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 15:52 (IST)

State-Run Oil Retailers Gain on Weak Crude PricesShares of state-run oil marketing companies gained sharply as global crude prices hit multi-year lows.
Traders say fall in global crude prices could help them improve margins.
Brent crude drops further below $83 a barrel, stretching losses into a fifth session.
Indian Oil Corp gained 2.2 per cent, Hindustan Petroleum Corp added 2.4 per cent and Bharat Petroleum Corp was up 1.9 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuter 2014

Sensex makes 28K in a first | Hot stocks that can return over 70%Sensex crosses 28,000 mark, Nifty hits fresh record highs; top twelve stocks in focus
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.35AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Sensex surged as much as…)
MUMBAI: The BSE Sensex broke through the 28,000 mark for the first time on Wednesday, then fell back as traders booked profits after the run-up over the past 12 trading days. The FM's cautionary remarks on the pace of reforms may have prompted them to reduce their positions. Having surged 1,917 points in the past two weeks, the Sensex hit a lifetime high of 28,010.39 in early trade.
The Sensex started losing momentum later and ended at 27,915.88, up 55.5 points, or 0.2%. The broader Nifty rose 14.15 points, or 0.17%, to close at 8,338.30. Both ended at record highs. At the India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum in Delhi, Jaitley cautioned against rushing into big-bang reforms that could trigger a political backlash and derail the government's agenda.
The last 1,000 points of the Sensex rally came in just five trading sessions. The Nifty extended its winning streak for the sixth consecutive session. While foreign portfolio investors bought Indian equities worth 1,031 crore on Wednesday, domestic institutions sold 1,204 crore of shares, as per BSE provisional figures.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net 1,459.30 crore in the previous trading session on Monday. Tuesday was a market holiday.
Any sharp correction from current levels could be shortlived as expectations of an interest rate cut are building, said fund managers and brokers.
"The market's direction will be based on hopes of a rate cut in December," said Motilal Oswal, CMD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Among sectoral indices, the BSE Bankex was the top gainer at 1.41%, followed by healthcare (1.01%) and IT (0.73%). The BSE Metal index fell 3.03% while the power index declined 0.91%.
"Correction in global commodity prices, liquidity easing by Japan, no immediate threat of increase in US interest rate and domestic fiscal reforms... all looks positive for India," said Pankaj Murarka, head of equity, Axis Mutual Fund. "Sooner or later, RBI has to change its policy stance and cut interest rates, which will further boost the market."
Brent crude declined to $81.61 per barrel, its lowest in four years amid speculation OPEC will refrain from paring a global surplus. Declining crude oil prices augur well for India as the country imports 80% of its requirement. However, the HSBC India Services Business Activity Index fell to 50.0 in October from 51.6 due to weaker growth in new business orders.
That's not likely to dampen market enthusiasm.
"Flooded with funds, FIIs and DIIs will take the current momentum to new highs," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, MD & CEO, Destimoney Securities. "The winter session of Parliament will be closely watched with the government set to table important bills such as GST, land reforms and insurance."
Amar Ambani, head of research at IIFL, said, "The focus is likely to shift toward small-caps and midcaps and the Bank Nifty would continue to lead with heavyweights such as ICICI Bank , Axis Bank and SBI driving it."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Marico Board selected as one of India s Best BoardsMarico Board selected as one of India s Best Boards
Bell tolls for ObamaBell tolls for Obama ahead of 2016
Edward Luce in Washington
Repudiated president will spend final years grappling with victorious Republicans
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3092536e-64ae-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pidilite Q2 net up 17.23% at Rs 138.9 crorePidilite Q2 net up 17.23% at Rs 138.9 crore
Shiv Sena red flags Fadnavis  Vidarbha separation planPrint
The Shiv Sena president was accompanied by 63 of his newly elected MLAs and promised to return with 180 in the next assembly election. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:18 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:23 pm
Describing BJP’s stand on separate statehood for Vidarbha akin to “protectors becoming perpetrators”, the Shiv Sena on Wednesday reminded its former ally of the resounding mandate it got in Vidarbha and said the vote was in favour of development and not for a separate statehood.
“The BJP won handsomely in the Vidarbha region in the recently held Assembly elections. But they should not think they have got this mandate to divide Maharashtra. Separating Vidarbha from Maharashtra is like separating a child from its mother,” the Sena said in an edit in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
“When a CM who hails from Vidarbha talks about its separation, it is just like the protector of Maharashtra getting ready to become a perpetrator or wrongdoer,” it added.
The Sena said that instead of speaking about separation of Vidarbha, the BJP should concentrate on developing the region.
“While on his first visit to Nagpur after becoming the CM, (Devendra) Fadnavis said that Vidarbha will be carved out at an appropriate time. Instead, he should have spoken about the development of the region. He should have spoken about empowering the security agencies in Naxal-hit areas like Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,” the Sena said.
Its hypocrisy on the part of BJP to now talk about carving out a separate state, when the same party accused the Congress of making a mistake when it created Telangana from Andhra Pradesh, it said.
“We only hope that the ‘Fadnavis Express’ runs straight on the path of development of Vidarbha and does not wobble in between. The CM should working towards fulfilling the dreams of 105 martyrs who sacrificed their lives for ‘Akhand (united) Maharashtra,” the Sena added.

No plans to sell stake in HCL Tech: Roshni N...HCL
('The only dilution we did…)
In a chat with ET Now, Roshni Nadar, CEO, HCL Corporation, talks about her role in HCL and shares her business outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: What is your role currently in HCL?
Roshni Nadar: I am the CEO of HCL Corporation and, of course, a large part of my time does get spent in HCL Corporation, whether it is in actively managing our investments or perhaps even the governance and accountability and really seeing the strategic direction forward for HCL Corporation. Healthcare is something that took us that much more time to strategise. It was a strategic direction for HCL Corporation and quite a significant one in terms of how we see it in future.
ET Now: You have also been elevated on the HCL Tech board. One knows that you were not really involved with the day to day operations of that company. After this elevation, has that changed at all?
Roshni Nadar: No, that has not. Actually, it has exposed me to a great company with a bird's-eye view and by sitting on the board, one actually learns a lot from your fellow board members who come from very diverse backgrounds. They are not all techies. We have got professors on the board and we also have people like Keki Mistry on the board. Now these are people that one hears from and learns from a lot on a macro level as well. It has been a great experience till now.
ET Now: But you are not interested in the day to day operations at all?
Roshni Nadar: Well, I am not qualified too. HCL Technologies as well as HCL Infosystems have stood the test of time for the last 40 years without me being in their existence and they are thriving. So I do not think I can add any...
ET Now: But what matrix will you use for evaluation of that company if you inadvertently use a different matrix to evaluate HCL Tech?
Roshni Nadar: Well, I cannot use a tech matrix that some of the other board members use, but like you said, coming as a promoter of the company, we might be the larger shareholders, but because it is a public company, there are a lot more shareholders whose life earnings belong to HCL Technologies and HCL Technologies is accountable to them as well. So representing the larger shareholder and the promoter body, I would see that issues like governance, accountability and transparency are not compromised.
ET Now: So you are happy running this as a professionally-managed enterprise with the ownership being reflected by the promoters as board members?
Roshni Nadar: Absolutely.
ET Now: There are various rumours and I am going to put them on record. All kinds of speculation keep happening every now and then about a possible stake sale in HCL Technology. Is that something you will consider at any stage?
Roshni Nadar: No, not at all. The only dilution we did was two years ago where it was about a per cent or two per cent, but that was also directed towards the Shiv Nadar Foundation. So only if we need to raise more funds which are directly going to be for the Shiv Nadar Foundation without having to touch the corpus of HCL Corporation, that will be the only time that we would really consider any kind of...
  ET Now: So some small tranches just to fund the foundation?
Roshni Nadar: Yes, just to fund the foundation, but that is about it.
ET Now: Will we see you succeed your father as the Chairman of HCL Technology?
Roshni Nadar: No, we have not really spoken about it. The important thing for my father bringing me on the board of HCL Technologies was to expose me to our largest asset, which is HCL Technologies. When we look at really good high-performing companies abroad, they are always at the back of an extremely high-performing board, and that is something which is very lacking in this country. So I am still in preparatory stages and I would not say that I am going to become the next Chairman of HCL. Absolutely not, it is just a learning phase.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dr Reddy s Labs Gains; Morgan Stanley Upgrades to  OverweightShares of Dr Reddy's Laboratories rose 0.9 per cent today. Morgan Stanley upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "equal-weight," raising the price target to Rs 3,875 from Rs 3,049.
Morgan Stanley says the drugmaker's US pipeline outlook has strengthened and valuations appears to be reasonable.
"We expect a better outlook for FY16 and FY17 as underlined by improving India, and US businesses," it said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

The Nifty call: Initiate short positions with stop-loss at 8 355November 5, 2014:  
Nifty November Futures (8,372)
After opening at 8,383 levels, the Nifty futures contract surged and encountered resistance at 8,402 levels in the initial part of the session. But, subsequently, the contract started to experience selling pressure and began to decline. It has closed the gap formed today by recording an intra-day low at 8,361 levels.
The near-term outlook is biased negatively as the contract is experiencing selling pressure. Traders with a short-term perspective can initiate fresh short positions on a fall below 8,350, with a stop-loss at 8,355. The contract can decline to 8,320 and 8,300 levels.
To reinforce the bullish momentum, the contract has to rally above the 8,380 level for an upmove to 8,402 levels once again.
Strategy: Initiate a fresh short position with a stiff stop-loss at 8,355 if Nifty futures falls below 8,350 levels.
Supports: 8,350 and 8,320
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Ashamed to say my children studied abroad: K...banker
(Noting that educational…)
NEW DELHI: Pitching for major reforms in the country's education system, noted banker Uday Kotak today said he is "ashamed" to say that his children had to go overseas to study as he felt those courses were better abroad.
Speaking during a session on education at the India Economic Summit here, Kotak said there are a large number of "schooled" people in the country, but not "educated".
"I am ashamed to say that both my children studied under-graduation courses overseas, because we felt it was better for them," said Kotak, who is Executive Chairman and Managing Director of Kotak Mahindra Bank .
Going by estimates, billions of dollars are spent every year to send Indian students overseas.
Noting that educational reforms should begin at the roots of civil society, Kotak said teaching profession has lost some of its respect.
"Education (system) has to be transformed... The future is bright," he said.
The summit is organised by the World Economic Forum (WEF) in partnership with industry body CII.
At the same session, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said that there is a need to rejuvenate the teaching profession and bring back the respect that this vocation once enjoyed.
She further said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiative to reach out to students on Teachers Day was a step in that direction and this initiative should help encourage more young people to turn to teaching as a career.
Kotak also highlighted the need to bring back the respect and dignity to the teaching profession in India.
He observed that previously, education policies focused on the creation of education hardware (school buildings etc).
He was of the view that there needs to be an equal emphasis on the creation of education software such as teachers, teaching tools and teaching methods.
Gary Coleman, Managing Director, Global Industries, Delloitte, USA said that India has a large workforce of 500 million and over 10 million people are being added to that workforce every year.
However, businesses were finding it very difficult to find adequately skilled manpower for their needs. This issue needs to be addressed urgently, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India will have a bigger participation in drug development over timeSuprotip Ghosh      Follow @suprotip    Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 15:26 IST
Joaquin Duato, Worldwide Chairman of pharmaceuticals group at Johnson & Johnson (Photo: Rachit Goswami)
Joaquin Duato is Worldwide Chairman of the pharmaceuticals group at Johnson & Johnson and heads the $25 billion Janssen pharmaceutical companies at J&J. On a visit to India, Duato spoke to Suprotip Ghosh about the slew of products his company plans to launch in India and how the changing global model of discovering new drugs would affect India.
Q- Janssen is a large multinational within the folds of Johnson & Johnson, which is a well-known brand in India. But the pharmaceuticals business is not that well-known. What has the going been like in the immediate past?
A- J&J is a diversified health-care company, which has three main sectors - consumer, medical devices and pharmaceuticals. Together, we are the largest health-care company in the world. We have a long history and our focus has always been to try and make an impact in health care. Within that context, the opportunity in APAC (Asia Pacific) is that the majority of the population of the world lives here, so our biggest opportunity to make an impact is here. That would also translate in significant business opportunity. So we see APAC as the cornerstone of the future growth of J&J.
Q- Quantifiably, what are these things that'll make up the growth plan?
A- As J&J we have an end-to-end presence in India already. We do R&D in India, we do manufacturing in India and we have distribution and commercialization. Our strategy is to focus globally, in India and everywhere on medical innovation. We focus on several therapeutic areas - cardiovascular, metabolic, oncology, immunology, and infectious diseases, and in these therapeutic areas we have identified maybe particular severe conditions that meet medical needs and we try to solve those difficult problems. So as a consequence, our portfolio may include multi-drug resistant tuberculosis, which is a problem in India with a heavy burden here, so that's the type of medicine we want. It has been 40 years since another medicine was approved in multidrug resistant tuberculosis. So in that sense it is not like the one you described before, we are not looking to buy a local company in order to build our presence. We take a longer-term approach, we invest in R&D to build these differentiated medicines and then we focus on those medicines that we think are going to make a difference. We are less interested in focussing on generics, expanding generics or other areas. We are going to focus on medicines that are unique, that are going to make us special contribution to the country, the population and ultimately also to our business. Now we have a particular window of opportunity because we will be getting approvals for several medicines that are going to address a particular need. These are relevant in India and that could help us accelerate our presence in India. That's part of the reason we are here.
Q- What are your solutions in India when it comes to the price barriers for good medicines?
A- Access and pricing is a complex issue. We need to as an innovation-based company look at the components. One component is to generate access to our patients to which these medicines are intended. Another component is to be able to have a price which is commensurate with the value that particular medicine brings. There are medicines that bring more value than others and there has to be a difference. The third component is that it has to enable the company to invest in innovation, otherwise we are not going to be able to develop new medication. So there are these three components - of value, of reward and of access. Depending on the geography and the type of product, some of these components are more important than others. Specifically, when we are talking about a country like India, we are talking about communicable diseases that are particularly endemic such as multi-drug resistant tuberculosis, then the component of access within the three components is most important. Then we try to come to a situation in which prices are not a barrier to receiving treatment. In other areas in which that are maybe not communicable diseases, and are not endemic, then we try to have a price which is commensurate with the purchasing power of the country but that still enables us to make a profit. That's the balance we navigate. In general, prices of medicines vary depending on the country, but prices in India are at the lower end.
Q- There are companies such as Cipla which have a completely different approach to HIV, for example?
A- In certain situations, in countries like India we give free licenses to companies like Cipla and others in order to make the drug available. The difference is that we pay for the research whereas Cipla doesn't.
Q- There are multiple challenges in India. One reason why companies such as Abbott bought an Indian company like Piramal is because, among other things, they needed local knowledge. Are you going to go alone in this market?
A- Our management is 100 per cent Indian. We don't manage the company by foreigners, all our management is Indian as you can see. But we recognise that we need to learn from other parties.
Q- The blockbuster drug discovery model seems to be under considerable pressure. Is that also one reason why exploring markets such as India are becoming more important for companies as large as yours?
A- A pharmaceutical company such as J&J has to be in places where there are significant opportunities to make an impact and demographics is an important factor. From that perspective, emerging markets have the most important demographics. We chose an important area for companies like us that address broad populations. So in that sense it's an area where companies like us are going to continue to invest in a disproportionate way thinking more of the long term.
The blockbuster model is over in the sense that if people are thinking that products in that which have very high level of sales, which address very broad medical needs and have a very strong promotional support, I don't think that it is the area companies are going now. More of these opportunities are in the smaller patient populations, as opposed to larger patient populations and as a consequence we are going to see more different medicines that are perhaps of a smaller size, but tailored towards very small patient populations. The way medicine is going to go is to have solutions that address smaller patient segments in a differentiated way. Ultimately the result is going to be the same, but what you call the blockbuster you may have five, six different smaller medicines.
Q- Obviously you need a different model of drug discovery as well. You can't do the same thing you were doing 10 years ago. You'd need people from that population for trials and testing. Does that mean the drug discovery model will bring more importance to countries such as India?
A- In every aspect of the pharmaceuticals industry the emerging markets are going to have a bigger participation, more commensurate with their importance. But it will be gradual. The development time of a medicine from an idea to the product can be 20-25 years. Over time, countries like India will have a bigger participation in drug development. It won't be overnight.
Q- What are the comparative sizes of your operations in China and India?
A- For different reasons, our operations in China are larger.
Q- What are the new medicines that you will launch in India?
A- We are expecting approvals for several medicines. One of them is a medicine for diabetes called Invokana, which works on a new mechanism of action. Diabetes is an opportunity, because it is particularly prevalent in India. We are also in regulatory process for a new medicine called Simponi for inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, which is also a big problem and can be debilitating. The company has been here since 1959. We now have this unique opportunity of having a number of new products approved.
Q- Is the Drug Controller General of India approving more products?
A- Now it is actually a matter of our own pipeline. We are able to have this number of new products that are going to be available to be approved and it is unique for us in India. It is a function of our own pipeline. For us India has been a priority market.
Q- Globally, which are the therapeutic areas where we will see major new therapies and drugs coming out in the future?
A- You have seen a surge in the number of medicines being approved globally. In fact, you see the US FDA approving more number of medicines vs. their historical average. So you are seeing some new technologies being used in drug discovery, genomics and proteomics, they are starting to yield a result in terms of new medicines. It has enabled us to understand better the pathways of the diseases and to identify targets that we can affect using medicines. In cancer, for example, there are medications that are prolonging life, for a longer period of time using your own immune system to combat the disease. It is becoming more evident in diabetes, newer approaches. It is becoming evident in immunological diseases in a very effective way. In areas that need improvement, we have massive problems with diseases such as Alzheimer's in need of a solution in which we are investing too.

Strengthening Australia-India relations: Expanding energy ties to top PM s agendaAmit Dasgupta
(Modi leaves for Australia…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Modi has overwhelmed the Australian government with his decision to visit Sydney and Melbourne , apart from his scheduled visits to Brisbane and Canberra for the G20 summit and bilateral meetings, respectively. The Tony Abbott government is now busy finalising the itinerary for Modi's four-city tour.
Modi leaves for Australia on November 14 from Myanmar , after attending the India-East Asia summit and India-ASEAN summit. Canberra, which will host an Indian PM after 28 years, was surprised when Modi suggested that he would not only visit Brisbane and Canberra as scheduled but would expand his tour as part of his efforts to deepen bilateral partnership, official sources said. The trip comes less than three months after Abbott's Delhi visit, when the landmark uranium supply deal was signed. Abott was the first head of government to visit India after Modi took over.
A source said Modi has broken all traditional ideas of foreign policy, making and seeking to broadbase engagement with various countries to boost India's global stature and economy. He had sought suggestions for his Australia trip from citizens in the first instance of foreign policy making with direct involvement of citizens. Modi also sought suggestions from think-tanks.
"Australia for long considered that India has more to offer to Canberra than it can offer to Delhi. This notion is, however, changing with Modi in power," noted Amit Dasgupta , former diplomat who served as India's Consul-General in Sydney.
Sources indicated that expanding energy ties would be big on Modi's agenda during his Australia trip. "It will be not just Uranium. Australia has huge coal reserves that can last for nearly 1,000 years. Besides, it can be a source for natural gas to India. Australia can emerge as a major energy supplier to Delhi," an official said. "Both are right-wing politicians who also want to promote economic diplomacy. There is a natural synergy between the two leaders," the official noted.
His visit will be the first by an Indian premier to Australia since 1986, when Rajiv Gandhi visited the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cong J&K list almost ready  most sitting MLAs and ministers likely to beretainedthis time the Congress is contesting the elections alone.
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:57 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:27 pm
The Congress has almost finalised its list of candidates for the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections. While most sitting MLAs and ministers are in it, the party has left some seats vacant in the Valley for its allies.
In 2008, the Congress bagged 17 seats in the state, and later formed a coalition government with the National Conference. However, this time the Congress is contesting the elections alone. No NC or Congress candidate won a seat in the Lok Sabha elections this summer. Of the six seats in the state, the PDP and BJP won three each.
“The list of candidates has been almost finalised by the party high command, and will be released any time now,” J&KPCC president Saifudin Soz told The Indian Express on Wednesday.
The two prominent faces of the party in J&K, Soz and Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha and former J&K chief minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, will not contest the elections.
The Congress is, however, learnt to have decided to field Soz’s son, Salman Anees Soz, from the Baramulla assembly constituency. Salman, 44, has worked at the World Bank as a senior urban specialist and head of disaster management in Central Asia. He is now a national spokesperson for the Congress.
All three Congress ministers in the outgoing government — Taj Mohidin, Ghulam Ahmad Mir and Pirzada Mohammad Syed — are likely to be renominated from Uri, Dooru and Kokernag assembly segments respectively. The Congress has been winning these seats since 2002.
The party has decided not to field any candidate at Tangmarg, represented by Agriculture Minister Ghulam Hassan Mir, who was considered an ally of the party.
From Bandipore, the Congress is learnt to have decided to field counterinsurgent-turned-politician Usman Majeed, the former minister who won the seat in 2002 as an Independent candidate. From Sonawari, the Congress ticket is likely to go to Imtiyaz Parray, the son of former top counterinsurgent Kuka Parray.
From Sangrama, the party has decided to field Shoaib Nabi Lone, a former Youth Congress leader and former member of the state assembly.
The ticket from Kargil is likely to go to Asghar Karbalai, chairman of the Kargil Hill Council, who also enjoys the backing of the powerful religious group, Imam Khomeini Memorial Trust. The neighbouring Zanskar seat is likely to be contested by Ghulam Reza, who lost the Lok Sabha election to the BJP candidate by a margin of just 36 votes.
In Jammu too, the Congress is learnt to have decided to field all sitting assembly members and ministers. There is, however, uncertaintly about Rajouri, represented by former health minister Shabir Khan who was dropped from the state cabinet after a woman doctor accused him of molestation in the Srinagar civil secretariat. Besides Shabir Khan, the party has sent two other names for the leadership to choose from.
The party has decided to nominate veterans Janak Raj Gupta from Jammu continued…

Bharti Airtel calls off Rs 700 cr deal to acquire Loop MobileSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The country's No. 1 telecom carrier Bharti Airtel has scrapped its Rs 700 crore-deal to buy the subscribers and assets of Loop Mobile over delay in government approval, bringing the curtains down on what would have been India's first M&A in the sector since 2008.
Airtel's proposed deal with Mumbai-based Loop had been awaiting clearance for over eight months. The scrapping of the pact will affect some 120,000 subscribers of Loop as the operator's licence is set to expire this month.
"Loop had late last evening sent us an email noting that DoT (department of telecommunication) approvals had yet not been received and had also noted that it was way beyond the time envisaged for securing such an approval," Bharti Airtel said in a statement to the stock exchanges late on Wednesday.
"In light of this update, and the fact that Loop's mobile licence is set to expire at the end of the month, we have decided to terminate the discussions with regard to the transaction for acquiring the subscribers of Loop," the company added.
Shares in Airtel, which could have overtaken Vodafone to lead the lucrative Mumbai by user base if the deal had gone through speedily, ended the day down 2.7% at Rs 385 a piece on the news.
Surya Mahadevan, chief operating officer of Loop, said Bharti Airtel's decision will cause a huge loss to the company, which won't be able to migrate its subscribers to Airtel as originally planned. Loop, owned by the Khaitan family, had hoped to repay its creditors with part of the deal proceeds.
All customers of 20-year-old Loop must port out of the network by November 29, when operations must be terminated, he added. The closure of business also means curtains to a job for Loop's 10 senior management staff and some 190 employees. Mahadevan said movement of the employees was never on the cards. Moreover, no termination settlement is on the cards as of now, he added.
At the time the deal was signed, Loop had about 750 employees, and negotiations were on to include some staff transfer to Airtel. The technology, network maintenance and relationship teams were particularly hopeful of getting transfer packages, said a senior staffer. Yet, since the deal was signed, the fear was that most would be left without jobs, which led to a mass exodus from the company earlier this year.
Loop had, on March 10, sought deal clearance from DoT to sell its subscribers -three million at that time - and its network assets via a slump sale. The transaction, however, fell foul with the sector regulator and, subsequently, the DoT, which raised concerns that it would flout mobile number portability (MNP) rules and cause a revenue loss to the government as the users wouldn't be paying the stipulated Rs19 fee to change operators, as stipulated under MNP. DoT also says Loop owes it some Rs800 crore, a matter which is in the courts.
Loop wrote to DoT in mid-October, by when its subscriber base had dwindled to about 1,200,000—seeking speedy clearance of the deal and offered to limit the agreement to just a transfer of its subscribers, as there wasn't enough time for it to transfer it network equipment before the November 29 deadline. It also agreed to pay the porting charges for customers who wanted to move to another operator, including Airtel.
To this day, the deal is still awaiting clearance, and its failure reflects poorly for the telecom sector that begs consolidation, experts said.
"Its failure is yet another sign that telcos will have to survive or die based on promoters' will to invest," said a company official.
Arpita Agrawal, telecom leader at PwC India, said that post MNP, the government should set out clear rules on how customers, who form one of the key components of M&A should move from one company to another. "This post-MNP clarity is critical for future deals to happen in India," she said.
Speaking at the India Economic Summit on Wednesday, Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said he had set up a panel to revisit policies, including whether there is a need to re-look at the mergers and acquisition guidelines.
That's, however, in the medium term, at the earliest. For now, it's a grim future for Loop.
"It was too late for Bharti to get value from this deal at this time," said a person close to the dealings between the companies. Banks have lost Rs 700 crore because of Trai and DoT. It was a golden opportunity for DoT to create proper exit procedures for telcos in India," this person said.
Loop will now begin a winding up process, during which banks will sell off assets that were mortgaged to recover debt. For one, Axis Bank had told the telecom department that non-clearance of the deal could result in the lender's Rs 215-crore outstanding to Loop turning non-performing. IDBI Bank and IDFC also had a combined exposure of Rs 150 crore.
An official date for the legal process to begin has not been decided yet. "We don't have full visibility of what will happen to the assets of the company," Loop's Mahadevan said.
For Sandip Basu, chief executive of Loop, who was brought in by the company's promoters for his proficiency in striking takeover deals, the final salvage with Airtel was "redemption of sorts", said a person close to the development. In an interview shortly after the deal, Basu had termed himself a "professional entrepreneur", stating that Loop still had a future, given its promoters were retaining the brand.
Basu could not be reached for comment.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

VW starts production at new plant in N ChinaVolkswagen starts production at its new component plant in North China
By ET Bureau | 6 Nov, 2014, 08.09AM IST
Tweet
 The plant will have an initial production capacity of 450,000 units annually and will be increased to 1.2 million units by 2016.
NEW DELHI: Volkswagen starts production of the latest generation of dual-clutch gearboxes (DSG) at its new components plant at Tianjin in North China, the company stated in a media release. The plant built with an investment of 265 million in the first phase, will have an initial production capacity of 450,000 units annually and will be increased to 1.2 million units by 2016.
Volkswagen will manufacture DQ380 gearbox designed especially for the Chinese market for the first time at this plant. It will also produce the third generation of the EA888 engine at this plant which the company previously made at its Changchun and Shanghai plants.
With new gearbox the company aims to accomplish a fuel consumption reduction of 0.5l/ 100 Km and therefore a CO2 reduction of 12g/km compared to the previous generations. The new gearboxes will be used in several group models in China in the future with the production rolling out soon.
Commenting on the opening of the plant, Prof. Dr. Jochem Heizmann , Member of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG, China and President and CEO of Volkswagen Group China, said: "Our investment in the new components plant at Tianjin shows that we are pioneers in reducing fuel consumption with our technologies. Today we are celebrating the start of production of a new gearbox generation which stands for fuel efficiency, quality, vehicle dynamics and comfort".
Located in the Tianjin Economic Technological Development Area (TEDA) in North-East China, the plant is the 107th of the Volkswagen Group and has been built at an initial investment of 265 million (RMB 2.2 billion) to boost economic activity in Northern China. By 2019, it aims to create about 5,500 new jobs in the region.

Shipbuilders  revival can boost  Make-in Ind...ABG Shipyard
("We are not in favour of a…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative may come to the rescue of an industry that has its fate closely tied to economic cycles - shipbuilding. The shipping ministry has asked the central bank to relax rules allowing shipbuilding companies which are sitting on huge losses to go in for a second round of debt restructuring.
"We are not in favour of a bail-out package for the sector, but we want to address the systemic issues," said a senior government official on the ministry's proposal.
Banks have to write off part of their loans if the first round of debt recast fails. The shipping ministry wants the Reserve Bank of India to ease this rule for fund-starved shipbuilders so that they could undertake a fresh round of restructuring and raise finance as they try to revive business. An RBI approval for a plan that won't increase their bad loans would likely encourage banks to extend more money. The RBI has given such leeway to certain sectors, including the solar industry, the official said, justifying the demand.
The shipbuilding industry in India is in a turmoil. Manufacturers had built up large capacities, often by taking on debt, when growing global trade had driven up demand for ships. But, over the past five years, as the global economy hit an uncertain patch, new orders dried up and existing orders were either postponed or cancelled. To add to the local industry's woes, the government withdrew a programme that offered a 30% subsidy on the cost of building ships.
Lack of government support led overseas competitors to outbid Indian manufactures in a market where new contracts had become few and far between.
"Companies were hit from multiple angles as they had already borrowed loans and gone for capital expansion, buoyed by so many orders," said Manish Sharma, executive director-infrastructure, at PricewaterhouseCoopers India.
The 'Make in India' campaign aims to boost manufacturing as a way to increase employment opportunities and speed up economic growth. Getting the shipbuilding industry, which has immense potential to generate jobs, back on track would provide a fillip to this initiative.
Among the top shipbuilding companies, Bharati Shipyard, ABG Shipyard, Hindustan Shipyard and Goa Shipyard are all in some sort of stress. Some public sector shipbuilding companies like Cochin Shipyard have managed to stay afloat because of orders from the navy and air force, where the profit margins are decided in advance.
Bharati Shipyards has been under the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) mechanism since 2012. It reported a Rs 843 crore loss on a turnover of Rs 203 crore in fiscal 2014, highlighting the lack of demand the company is facing and the high finance charge it pays on debt that totalled Rs 4,000 crore.
ABG Shipyard reported a net loss of Rs 56 crore on a turnover of Rs 266 crore in the March 2014 quarter, while state-run Hindustan Shipyard posted total income of Rs 562.50 crore and a loss of Rs 55 crore in fiscal 2013, the latest year for which numbers were available. Goa Shipyard, another government company, posted a net loss ofRs 61 crore on a turnover of Rs 553 crore in fiscal 2014.
Bharati Shipyard has a fairly large order book, but experts say it is not in a position to fulfill those commitments because of the restrictions of CDR. Lack of cash flow poses a challenge to the entire restructuring exercise.
While, ABG Shipyard has completed restructuring its Rs 10,000 crore debt, more than a dozen more lossmaking companies are likely to enter the CDR process in the near future.
"This (government's) move will help us in giving a leeway. But the process would not be smooth, involving a lot of paperwork, meetings, etc.," said Dhananjay Datar, chief financial officer of ABG Shipyard.The shipping ministry's proposal to the RBI is a part of a Cabinet note for a comprehensive shipbuilding policy, as proposed in this year's budget.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Missed the massive surge on Dalal Street Heres what top experts say you should doYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Missed the massive rally on Sensex? Here’s what experts say you should do
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 03.23PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Sethi
(Analysts at top brokerages…)
NEW DELHI: Bulls are clearly ruling the Dalal Street and this is evident from the fact the S&P BSE Sensex pierced the psychological 28,000 level for the first time ever in trade on Wednesday.
The S&P BSE Sensex, which has already rallied over 32 per cent so far in the year 2014, has some more room on the upside, say analysts. So, investors who have missed out on the massive rally need not worry and should look to enter the markets on dips, they say.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market, which will take the Sensex and the Nifty to fresh record highs for the rest of the year as well and in the next 12 months. The index is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by the December-end and probably 35000 levels by the end of 2015.
"The Indian stock market is in a strong bull run and investors should hold long positions and trail stop losses, while fresh investors should use every small dip to enter in a long position," says Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
"By the year-end we are expecting the Nifty to test the levels of 9000 and the Sensex to test the levels of 32,000. This bull run is majorly supported by positive domestic and global cues," he adds.
There are many positives that are working for the Indian markets. Apart from stable macros, recent announcement of BOJ stimulus plans also helped the rise.
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
The fall in crude is supportive for the Indian economy and is positive for OMC pack, as it will help meet the fiscal deficit target. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms getting implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of list of FIIs despite global concerns.
What should investors do?
Have you ever heard the phrase 'The trend is your friend'? Yes, investors should look at opportunities to enter markets or buy quality stocks on dips, considering the fact that the trend is still on the upside.
"Yes, the momentum is going to continue. The general rule of thumb when it comes to mark trends is this: don't bet against the trend unless you know something that the market doesn't know. And, more likely than not, you don't have information that the market has not already priced in," says Raghu Kumar, Cofounder, RKSV.
The tide is so strong upward that at some point, consolidation is bound to happen and investors will begin booking profits at the slightest sight of negative news, and this is the time when new money can come in, which is waiting on the sidelines.
"We might see a month or two of sideways movement, but that being said, the upward movement is based on sound fundamentals (GDP growth, low inflation, stable currency, strong government reforms, consumer confidence) and not mere speculation. That's what makes this a special case," adds Kumar.
Kumar is of the view that if reforms are properly implemented and the US does not raise interest rates earlier than expected, we can expect the markets to appreciate 15-20 per cent next year. This means the Sensex can hit 36,000 by Oct 31, 2015.
Where to invest?
One thing which investors should understand is the fact that the markets are not hitting new highs due to speculation, but due to the fundamental soundness in the economy.
A rising GDP, low inflation, controlled currency and a CAD that is being closely kept under control coupled with a reform-based government are prominent factors which kept the momentum going for the markets.
 
Betting on economic recovery, most experts are of the view that cyclicals, financials and pharma will be the sectors to watch out for in the next 12 months. Cyclicals more so because of the reform push by the government.
Apart from that, companies that focus on an online-only model that leverages technology, mobile, and the internet are going to do wonders.
"Our two favourites are IT and the pharmaceutical sector. On the consumer discretionary side, there is little more optimism. The consumer staples have been fairly sort of slack in the last quarter," says Arvind Sethi, Managing Director and CEO, TATA Asset Management.
"In terms of infrastructure, we like cement because if some of these big roadway projects, etc, get going, they will put up the demand for cement and these companies will benefit immediately," he adds.
Analysts are also positive on banking stocks as they are among the best plays on the overall economic revival story and lower interest rate scenario.
"In the banking space, we like both private and PSU banks as inflation is likely to come down going forward and this would be followed by lower interest rates. Lower interest rates are expected to act as a positive catalyst for the economy in general and the banking sector in specific," says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking.

Futures surge on GOP election waveFutures surge on GOP election wave
By: William Cummings November 5, 2014 4:52 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Wall Street investors drove major market index futures higher, Wednesday, after the Republican party secured control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years on Tuesday.
Here is where futures stood ahead of the opening bell:
Dow: + 03%
S&P: + 0.4%
Nasdaq: + 0.5%
Historically, Wall Street thrives with a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
MORE:  GOP sweep could spur stocks
In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.4%, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index dropped 0.6% and the Shanghai composite fell 0.5%.
European benchmarks posted strong gains, with Britain’s FTSE 100 up 0.9%, Germany’s DAX 1.3% higher and France’s CAC 40 up 1.2%.

Sensex off new peak; metal  power shares slipHi Guest
Markets end at record closing highs; Sensex tops 28,000
Markets ended at record closing highs and the Sensex topped 28,000 mark intra-day for the first time as foreign institutional investors remained aggressive buyers in equities. The 30-share Sensex ended 56 points up at 27,916 after hitting a fresh record high of 28,010.39 and the 50-share Nifty ended 14 points up at 8,338 after touching a record high of 8,365.55. Foreign institutional investors remained buyers for the fourth straight session on Monday after they bought equities worth Rs 1,413 ...

Uttam Galva Steels announces change in directorateUttam Galva Steels announces change in directorate
HCC soars on bagging two contracts worth Rs 634.79 croreHCC soars on bagging two contracts worth Rs 634.79 crore
IOB falls on S&P downgradeIOB falls on S&P downgrade
Bharti Airtel cancels deal to buy Loop MobileBharti Airtel cancels deal to buy Loop Mobile
Your Stocks: Top ideas by market expertsYour Stocks: Top ideas by market experts
Nestle to strengthen India presenceNestle to strengthen India presence
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Bullish on growth prospects in India, FMCG major Nestle said that it would strengthen its presence in diverse segments, including health and nutrition, and make further investments in the country.
“We are in this country for more than 100 years and we want to be there for another 100 years... So definitely in India we want to continue to invest because of the potential,” Nestle Head of South Asia Region, Etienne Benet, told reporters on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit.
There are enormous opportunities in India and it is definitely a country where the company can do better, he added.
Growth potential
The company, which sells brands like Maggi and Kit Kat in the country, remains optimistic about India’s long-term growth potential.
“We definitely see a great opportunity in India, I will say that we have not witnessed buoyancy so far in the market and yes there have been some good signals and in the near future, we expect the market to show some positive signals,” he added.
Benet said the company expects the Indian economy to grow despite there being some hiccups in the India growth story.
“Also, I think consumer spending is going to grow,” Benet added.
When asked about the focus of the company in India, Benet said: “I think nutrition health and wellness area is our core target and our core driver for the future... people are getting more and more conscious of nutrition and they want to be healthier so definitely this is a big area of growth and potential for the businesses.”
The company’s ambition is to be recognised as a world leader in nutrition, health and wellness segments and this applies to all Nestle companies, he added.
The company expects the rules and regulations in the country to be positive for the industry in the way that it will incentivise to do better, Benet said.
Elaborating further, he said: “Well I would not comment specifically what we expect from the government but generally we as an industrial player expect that there should be better understanding between the different stakeholders.
“So the only point that we expect from the government is just to be a good driver, giving inspirational leadership to the country and listening to different voices.”
He added: “What we want as an industry is just the goodwill from authorities to listen when we have problems and to be enablers... we have extremely good connections with the rural sectors, with our partners, suppliers, clients.”
When asked about the effect of inflation on the company’s business, Benet said: “Inflation is always a concern... we are a company that is long-term oriented so I would not comment if one month inflation is high and another’s low... what we are saying is that we have to live with those elements.”
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Euro hits day-low after more weak dataStocks rise on Republican win and jobs data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4c11ef0-649a-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Should RBI Cut Rates After Sharp Dip in Inflationshould rbi cut rates after sharp dip in inflation
Gold tanks to multi-month low  silver also sinksThe Hindu On the global front, spot gold was trading sharply lower at $1,165.80 an ounce in early European trade, while silver dropped to $15.88 an ounce.
TOPICS
gold and precious material
Gold suffered its biggest fall in over 15 months and closed below the key Rs.26,000-per 10 grams mark at the domestic bullion market here on Friday on the back of massive selling from speculative traders and stockists.
Silver too plunged sharply to hit a four-year low due to panic unwinding by investors coupled with sluggish industrial demand.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) plummeted by Rs.620 to end at Rs.25,960 per 10 grams against Thursday’s closing level of Rs.26,580.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also tanked by a similar margin to settle at Rs.26,105 per 10 grams against Rs.26,725.
Silver (.999 fineness) nosedived by a whopping Rs.1,300 to end at Rs.37,035 a kg against Rs.38,335 on Thursday.
Domestic sentiment turned bearish and highly volatile after the shiny metal tanked to the lowest levels since 2010 in worldwide trade following strong U.S. economic data amid heightened speculation over an early rate hike a day after the Federal Reserve ended its historic monthly bond-buying plan. On the global front, spot gold was trading sharply lower at $1,165.80 an ounce in early European trade, while silver dropped to $15.88 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold prices plunged by Rs.600 to Rs.26,500 per 10 grams. Subdued demand from jewellers and retailers following end of festive season and shifting of funds towards soaring equity markets, weighed on prices of the precious metal. Silver followed suit and recorded a sharp fall of Rs.1,700 to Rs.36,150 a kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Tracking weak global trend, in futures trade, gold prices plunged by 2.08 per cent to Rs.26,248 per ten grams on Friday as speculators indulged in reducing positions.

Maruti Swift  Datsun GO fail global safety testNew Delhi, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 22:59 IST
Maruti Swift, Datsun GO fail global safety test
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu Maruti Suzuki Swift scored zero stars for adult occupant protection and just one-star for child occupant protection.
TOPICS
rating
Maruti Suzuki’s popular hatchback Swift and Nissan’s Datsun Go, which is a relatively newer offering in the Indian market, have failed the independent crash tests carried out by Global NCAP, the umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies.
“Crash tests of Nissan’s Datsun Go and Maruti Suzuki’s Swift demonstrate a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection,” Global NCAP said in a statement.
These risks would be significantly reduced if the cars had to comply with the UN test regulation for frontal and side impact, it added.
Both cars got zero stars for adult occupant protection in the test conducted at a speed of 64 km/hr. While Swift received one star for child occupant protection, Datsun Go got two stars.
The vehicle structure for both models showed sign of collapsing in the crash and were rated as unstable. The cars’ lack of standard-fit airbags, Global NCAP said, meant that the driver’s head makes direct contact with the steering wheel and the dashboard — “the dummy readings indicate a high probability of life threatening injuries.”
For majority of cars sold in India, air bags remain optional. Additionally no vehicle is required to be tested for its ability to withstand a frontal collision.
While in case of Swift, the car safety watchdog states that fitting airbags would improve occupant protection, for Datsun Go, it said, “The failure of the body shell makes it redundant to fit an airbag.”
Reacting to the report, Maruti Suzuki said, “The cars manufactured and sold by Maruti Suzuki in India fully conform to all the regulations that are presently applicable in India. On similar lines, cars manufactured for export to international markets fully conform to all the regulations of the respective importing country.’’ The company has given a choice to the customers to select variants having air-bags & ABS.
Nissan also in a statement said, “Datsun GO meets the required local vehicle regulations in India. It was developed with a strong intention to deliver the best adapted solutions to the local conditions, from best in class braking and good visibility to durability, seat comfort and reduced motion sickness — all being taken as a package aim to decrease potential risk of road accidents,” Guillaume Sicard, President, Nissan India Operations.

New Video Claims To Show At Least 300 Bent iPhones 6 Devicesreddit
After Apple said last month that it had received only nine reports of bent iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units in their first six days on sale, some considered the "Bendgate" controversy overblown. But a newly released video is trying to bring it roaring back.
The creator of the website "One of the Nine" published a video on Sunday, viewable above, that purportedly shows 300 separate cases of bent iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus devices. The site was started in September to find those nine iPhone customers, as well as anyone else whose iPhone had bent.
Apple, a normally tight-lipped company, was resolute in late September when it said there was no issue with either the iPhone 6 or the iPhone 6 Plus. But the creator of "One of the Nine" felt the issue was more systemic than Apple was letting on, so he began compiling various images and videos of bent phones.
"[T]he purpose of this site is to try and raise awareness of the issue of bending iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to get Apple to take responsibility for the problems," a statement on the website reads.
The site's creator, who asked to remain anonymous, told The Huffington Post in an email that customers say they have received unequal treatment from Apple after reporting bent phones. Some received a free replacement, for example, while others reported having had to pay up. The creator hopes his site could lead to a standardized response from Apple when someone brings in a bent phone.
"Our aim at the moment is to get a consistent reply from Apple on what customers should expect when they visit an Apple Store with a bent iPhone," the creator wrote in an email to The Huffington Post.
The controversy around "Bendgate" erupted just days after the release of the iPhone 6, when review channels and customers alike alike began issuing reports of bent phones. The company has not addressed the issue again since that stern first statement in September. We reached out to Apple but did not hear back.
More:

Dabur Q2 profit up 15.11% at 287.48 crDabur India Ltd reported 15.11% on Monday increase in consolidated net profit at Rs. 287.48 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15.
 
The company had net profit of Rs. 249.74 crore in the July-September quarter of last fiscal, 2013-14.
 
Dabur's Q2, 2014-15 net sales went up by 10.35% at Rs. 1,924.09 crore, compared to Rs. 1,743.5 crore in the year- ago period, the company said in a BSE filing.
 
Dabur's consumer care business increased by 7.55% to Rs. 1,602.82 crore, while foods business grew by 29.20 per cent to Rs. 262.79 crore.
 
Retail business was up by 30.73% at Rs. 21.65 crore while other businesses increased by 10.36% to Rs. 36.83 crore.
 
Dabur India CEO Sunil Duggal said: "In a low growth and challenging environment where growth rates in most consumer products segments have witnessed a sharp fall, Dabur continued to report strong volume-led growth across its key categories and grow ahead of the market.
 
"Our domestic FMCG business continued to perform ahead of the industry and we have ended the quarter with an 8.7% volume growth."  
For the six month period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs. 498.29 crore as against Rs. 435.75 crore in the year-ago period.
 
Net sales of the company for the six month period ended September 30, rose to Rs. 3,787.99 crore as compared to Rs. 3,390.5 crore a year ago.
 

Airtel to hike post-paid rentals by about 12%Comments
Country's biggest telecom operator Airtel has announced an increase in its post-paid monthly charges by about 12% in select plans, effective December.
"Eff. (effective) 3-Dec 2014, bill plan rental for your airtel mobile will be revised from Rs. 199 per month to Rs. 224 per month," Airtel said in a message to its customers.
Industry sources said Airtel has increased rates across low rental plans. Queries send to Airtel did not elicit any immediate reply.
Airtel has a mobile subscriber base of over 20 crore customers, which include both pre-paid and post-paid users. Last week, Bharti Airtel had reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit at Rs. 1,383 crore for the September quarter on growth in mobile data revenues.
This is the second hike in rates of telecom services by the company within a period of three months. In September, the company had increased mobile internet rates by up to 33% and reduced benefit under plans for its pre-paid customers.
An increase in telecom services rates has become more frequent since the last two years after a number of players in the market came down following cancellation of mobile licences by the Supreme Court in 2G spectrum case.

Small-cap  mid-cap indices outperform SensexMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Buoyed by robust stock market sentiment, the small-cap and mid-cap indices of the BSE have rallied by up to 56 per cent, outperforming the larger index — Sensex — this fiscal.
On the other hand, gain in the blue-chip index Sensex has been at 24.11 per cent from April 1 till date, an analysis of the three indices showed.
The Sensex touched its all-time high of 27,969.82 yesterday.
The mid-cap index touched its one-year peak of 10,068.63 on September 16 and the small-cap index hit its 52-week high of 11,352.01 on the same day.
Experts said when markets perform well, smaller stocks make big gains than the front-lines. But during the times of uncertainty, greater losses are seen in mid and small-cap scrips.
Analysts said bullish investor sentiment following a new government at the Centre and robust foreign fund inflows have been fuelling rally in the domestic equity markets.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore (USD 13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore (USD 36 billion).
Retail investors are major participants in mid-cap and small-cap stocks and their activity in this segment has been upbeat over the past few months.
Market players say smaller stocks are generally bought by local investors, while overseas investors focus on blue-chip shares.
The mid-cap index tracks companies with a market value that is on an average one-fifth of blue-chips or large firms. Small-cap firms are almost a tenth of that.
TAGS: Bse Indices Of Bse Mid Cap Indices Small-cap Indices
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Expectations must berealisedMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Even the hardened pessimist would agree that there is an air of expectation blowing over the country. For the ruling party in power, now or never, has to be the mood and should best be reflected in a series of positive steps. Politically, the battle is nearly won in major states. It is also well recognised that the main plank on which electoral victory has been accomplished is an expectation of cleaning the garbage accumulated in the past. This has emerged as the hardest roadblock stalling the progress of the economy.
Thanks to recent survey results, India’s ranking in the last few years has improved from the lowest strata at a much slower space compared to its neighbours and other emerging economies. It would be utterly wrong to say that growth of the economy suffered due to inaction. A good number of policies were drafted but the outcome of these was well below the target. It would be correct to presume that monitoring of the policies at the implementation stage was extremely weak. The cost of these shortfalls was enormous.
Alliance politics was responsible for the Centre being magnanimous while the funds allotted against specific projects got diverted by the state. Non-food credit by banks is generally a positive indicator of industrial growth. The corresponding jump in NPAs by the corporate sector speaks poorly about the utilization of bank loans for productive purposes. The secular rise in subsidies for non-food items remained only a misconstrued populist measure with little growth in output.
The current scenario is therefore significantly better to implement growth-oriented policies. Two major aspects need immediate attention. One is transparency and the other is communicating the nuances of policies to the public. The initial observation is that the present government is honestly pursuing a good number of reforms, long overdue in labour, environment and forest clearance, subsidy monitoring, insurance fund utilisation, attracting FDI and raising resources through ECB. It is giving wide publicity to announcements and is equally adept in communicating the same through media (electronic and print), e-mail and direct dialogue. What is eagerly awaited is a strong implementation framework.
Service delivery of each government department needs to be improved. Departments like food supplies, housing, transport, water supply and all agencies dealing with licences and clearances need overhauling. It will be a big challenge to get rid of the countless intermediates that operate, make a mockery of the system and become the interface between the common man and deliverable agency.
The rise of the Sensex (crossing 27,000) is generally viewed as speculative, but has the potential to boost business sentiment. The news of the US continuing with quantitative easing by cutting down its bond purchase without increasing the interest rate till the middle of next year has helped the Sensex move up.
But the main contributing factor was the announcement by Bank of Japan of a stimulus measure of bond purchase of $725 billion to help the sagging Japanese economy (negative real interest rate). It is reported that in Q2, capital goods firms like BHEL and L&T received more orders compared to last year and values of industrial investment for which IEMs have been signed this year exceeds last year’s level. However, negative movement in the capital goods index would turn positive when these orders actually see the light of day.
The crux of the matter is that irrespective of the first sign of a positive signal which the current scenario can boast of, the big bang can happen only when the bricks and mortar throw off the dust and break the soil. Till such time let the various indices rekindle the level of expectations to ultimately reach a crescendo.
The author is DG, Institute of Steel Growth and Development. The views expressed are persona
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Troubled start for Maharashtra sugarseasonMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Maharashtra’s 2014-15 sugar season is in for a troubled start yet again. BJP ally Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), the farmer organisation led by Kolhapur MP Raju Shetti, could pose problems for the new government. SSS has demanded the first cane installment of R2,700 per tonne for farmers from sugar mills, failing which it has threatened to launch an agitation.
Significantly, last week, Shetti at a press meet in Pune had said they needed to give time to the new government to settle down and also wait for the formation of the New Cane Price Control Board. At the 13th cane conference of the SSS held at Kolhapur, Shetti changed stand and said the organisation is meant for farmers and will fight for their rights if necessary.
SSS has emerged as an aggressive organisation in western Maharashtra, fighting for higher cane prices for farmers at the start of the cane crushing season in the state for the last three-four years.
Sanjiv Babar, MD, Maharashtra State Cooperative Sugar Factories Federation, indicated that it will be difficult for sugar factories to pay R2700 per tonne as the first installment. The market rate for sugar stands at R2,650 per tonne while the cost of production comes up to R3,400-3,500 per tonne. “Adjusting the economics is going to be a tough task for mills. Sugar mills in Uttar Pradesh today owe arrears to the tune of R4,800 crore and if the mills in Maharashtra continue to give such high payments, they will face the same fate as mills in UP,” he added.
According to Babar, Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank and District Cooperative Credit Banks have given a valuation of R2,235 per tonne, which includes R1,485 as first cane installment, bank recovery at R500 per tonne and a processing cost of R250 per tonne. Even if the recovery goes up to 12%, the valuation can only be increased by another R100. How the mills adjust the cost is a big issue,” he pointed out. The valuation given by these banks is effective from October 31, 2014.
Shetti’s organisation has demanded a change in the base of the fair remunerative price (FRP) decided by the agriculture price commission from 9.5% to the earlier rate of 8.5% in the interests of farmers. He also demanded an increase in ethanol blend from the current 10% to 20%. Shetti said that cases against farmer leaders who had fought for their cause should be taken back and demanded penal action against mills owners who do not comply with the recommendation of the Cane Price Control Board. The Union government has announced R2,550 as FRP for sugarcane.
Shetti said he is in favour of the recommendations of the Rangarajan committee where the cane price will be fixed on the 70:30 formula. As per this formula, a sugar unit without any byproducts business will have to pay cane price of 70% of its revenue realisation, while it will have to spend 30% on its functioning.
Farmer leaders have also been laying much emphasis on the fact that the issues of casual cane labourers in Maharashtra are yet to solved. Casual cane labourers in Maharashtra had threatened to go on strike before the start of the sugar season of 2014-15.
The Maharashtra Ustod Kamgar Vahtuk Majoor Va Mukadam Sanghatana that looks into labour issues of sugar workers had earlier indicated that no worker will cut cane in factories or will allow factories to begin functioning unless the demands of workers are met. However, when contacted, Shrirang Bhange, state secretary of the outfit, said it has decided to unconditionally stop the agitation after meeting BJP leader Pankaja Munde, who it considers its new chief after the demise of Gopinath Munde.
Around 100 cooperative mills and 65 private factories will crush cane this year. Around 21 mills in the state have begun crushing operations. Mills in Kolhapur where SSS has a strong presence are yet to begin crushing.
What the SSS wants
Change in FRP base decided by agriculture price commission from 9.5% to the earlier rate of 8.5% in the interests of farmers
Increase in ethanol blend from the current 10% to 20%
Cases against farmer leaders who fought for their cause be taken back and penal action be initiated against mills owners who do not comply with the recommendation of the Cane Price Control Board
TAGS: Cane Installments Maharashtra Cane Production Maharashtra Sugar Mills
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Analyst Corner: Buy ACC on strong demandoutlookMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
We maintain our ‘buy’ rating on ACC with target price of R1,650 at EV/T of $140 CY15e capacity of 34 million tonnes, driven by strong outlook on demand of worst-hit southern and western regions (both combined constitute 45% of ACC’s total volumes) and play on improved operations. ACC would be the biggest beneficiary of an increase in all-India cement demand due to its pan-India presence and would have one of the cheapest valuations compared to its peers. The recent modernisation of Wadi and Chanda, and upcoming commissioning of the modernised Jamul plant should see reduction in cost and enhanced efficiencies. Stock trades at EV/T of $127 CY15e capacity, significantly lower compared to $170 of UltraTech and Ambuja Cement.
ACC reported Q3CY14 earnings, in-line-with our expectation. Volumes grew 1.4% year-on-year (y-o-y) to 5.62 million tonnes, below our expectation of 5.71 million tonnes. The company’s blended realisations rose 3% q-o-q (+7.7% y-o-y) to R4,879 per tonne, above our expectation of R4,792. Around R34 per tonne of the realisation were driven by better than expected revenues in raw material costs. However, higher-than-expected realisations were partially negated by higher costs.
TAGS: ACC ACC Buy Rating ACC Share
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Xiaomi now No 3 globally  Indian companies becoming more dominant at home:CanalysNew system allows computers to teach by example
Fresh from success in China and India, Xiaomi has emerged as the third largest vendor globally in Q3 2014 when smartphone shipments crossed 300 million units for the first time, according to research firm Canalys.
While Mainland China accounted for 34 per cent of Q3 smartphone shipments, United States accounted for 13 per cent and India 6 per cent. The Indian market has seen significant growth in recent quarters and in Q3 2014 was up 84 per cent on the same quarter a year ago and up 29 per cent on Q2 2014.
“A key similarity to the Chinese market has emerged in India with respect to the substantial contribution made by domestic vendors,” said Canalys Research Analyst, Rushabh Doshi. “Three of the top five vendors there – Micromax, Lava and Karbonn – are Indian companies, achieving promising growth in their home market, but with aspirations and potential, in time, to be disruptive on the global stage. With market leader Samsung’s share down 6 per cent from Q2, it has faced stiff competition from local players with aggressive pricing strategies,” he said.
Android One is making steady progress in the low end across India where it was first launched thanks to local partners, including Intex, Karbonn and Micromax. Doshi said Android One will grow as more partners come on board, adding further pressure. “Growing demand from the large, youthful middle class; the rising popularity of online channels, such as Flipkart; and the increasing availability of better quality, aggressively priced smart phones and affordable mobile data tariffs are all driving the smart phone market in India forward.”
“Notably, Chinese vendors are looking to India as an emerging high-growth opportunity,” said Doshi. “But with regulatory concerns over data sovereignty, international vendors with already established brands, and promising domestic vendors with local differentiation to contend with, the challenge for them to gain a real foothold should not be underestimated,” he added.
“The global market is becoming more competitive, with vendors beyond Samsung and Apple enjoying growing success,” said Chris Jones, VP and Principal Analyst at research firm Canalys. The firm’s country-level smart phone data for Q3 2014 shows the global market in robust health, with year-on-year growth of 23 per cent over Q3 2013, and a shipment total exceeding 300 million units in a quarter for the first time.
“A year ago, in Q3 2013, Samsung and Apple together accounted for 48% of worldwide smart phone shipments. While still impressive, in Q3 2014 this had slipped to 38%. This trend is likely to continue,” said Jones adding that this it is coming down to the strong value proposition and increasing quality of products offered across all price points by competing vendors, most notably Chinese companies. In fact, six of the top 10 global vendors in Q3 are based in China.
Despite a fall from its high of 34 per cent in Q3 2013, Samsung still holds a sizeable share and volume lead in the global market accounting for 25 per cent of Q3 2014 shipments. Despite improving its share in China over the previous quarter, the Korean tech giant fell further behind Xiaomi, and lost share in key markets such as the United States and India, the report said.
Meanwhile, thanks to pent up demand Apple enjoyed very strong early shipments at the end of the quarter, boosting its share to 13%. In third place was Xiaomi with a 6% share, followed closely by Lenovo at 5%, and Huawei, also at 5%.
“It has been yet another stellar quarter for Xiaomi, which has extended its lead in China since last quarter, become the global number three vendor, and, encouragingly, achieved volume growth, albeit modest, in markets beyond mainland China, such as Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia, and most significantly, India. China still accounts for the vast majority of Xiaomi’s shipments, and will do for the foreseeable future, but the proportion of its shipments heading elsewhere has doubled from 3% to 6% in a quarter,” said Jones. “Lenovo also enjoyed another good quarter. But if its performance is considered in the light of its completed Motorola Mobility acquisition, the combined share is stronger still – equivalent to 8% of the global market. Lenovo has gained a US presence and brand, carrier relationships, and crucial patent cover to enable global expansion. Assuming it can consolidate and grow from its current position, Lenovo, with Motorola, is well placed to mount a real challenge to Apple as the worldwide number two vendor next year. And at just a fraction of a percentage point behind both Xiaomi and Lenovo, Huawei also represents a vendor with global aspirations and real growth potential as its brand awareness improves.”
TAGS: Apple Huawei Samsung Xiaomi
More from industry

Mitsubishi and Li Ka-shing in joint venture© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95123564-6424-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emojis race problem may finally be going awayFive skin color options could become an option for emoji. (Unicode)
Long-awaited racially diverse emoji characters could soon become a reality.
In a draft proposal of an update to the characters , the Unicode Consortium has laid out a possible method for making characters with a range of skin tones available to users.
“People all over the world want to have emoji that reflect more human diversity, especially for skin tone,” the draft says.
While the proposals are still under review, Unicode Consortium president and co-founder Mark Davis said the chances are good that the new characters will be included in the next update, Unicode 8.0.
“It isn’t completely set in stone;  we are still collecting feedback on the proposal. But I think it is very likely,” Daivs said in an email to the Washington Post.
Emoji, which were developed in 1999 and still retain their Japanese name, were initially supposed to depict characters with inhuman, cartoon-like complexions — for example, a yellow or orange color.
But as the use of emoji has widened to encompass much of the world, there has been increasing pressure to create characters that look like  the people who use them.
The Unicode Consortium develops and maintains the software standard for how text and characters (including emoji) are represented in all languages on every device, including mobile phones and desktop computers. And the nonprofit corporation has faced pressure, including from the likes of Miley Cyrus, to act on the diversity issue.
RT if you think there needs to be an #emojiethnicityupdate
— Miley Ray Cyrus (@MileyCyrus) December 19, 2012
The issue can’t be fixed unilaterally by device and software makers such as Apple or Microsoft.
In response to inquiries, Katie Cotton, Apple’s vice president of worldwide corporate communications, told MTV in a statement earlier this year that the company is working with the Consortium — of which Apple is a part — to update the emoji offerings for all platforms.
“We agree with you,” Cotton said. “Our emoji characters are based on the Unicode standard, which is necessary for them to be displayed properly across many platforms. There needs to be more diversity in the emoji character set, and we have been working closely with the Unicode Consortium in an effort to update the standard.”
On its Web site, the Consortium noted that the process of adding characters to Unicode can take years.
“There is a long development cycle for characters, so the sunglasses character was first proposed years before Unicode 7.0 was released. Any proposals under consideration will also take time to assess and develop,” the Consortium said .
So it’s unclear how long it would take for this new draft to be come a reality — if it happens at all — although there undoubtedly will be considerable pressure to act quickly.
The draft says the next update could include five options for skin tone based on a classification scheme developed by dermatologist Thomas B. Fitzpatrick .
“These characters have been designed so that even where diverse color images for human emoji are not available, readers can see what the intended meaning was,” the document adds.
Diversity modifications would apply to a finite group of characters — 151 at most. At a minimum, the characters that might be modified to reflect human skin color would be the ones that depict human faces; but they also could include emoji that depict human hands or smiley faces.
Users would potentially access the new palette of options by using a “long press,” which involves pressing and holding on a character to bring up a range of options.
On Tuesday, Davis discussed the hot-button issue of emoji diversity in a keynote address at the Internationalization & Unicode Conference in Silicon Valley.
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Norway pushes seafood exports to IndiaUpdated: November 4, 2014 23:21 IST
Norway pushes seafood exports to India
Lalatendu Mishra
economy, business and finance
Norway is looking at newer markets like India for its growing volume of seafood, especially Norwegian Salmon and Norwegian Cod with Russia, its most important market for seafood, slamming its doors on imports.Since August 7, Russia has imposed import restrictions on lots of products from the European Union (EU), the U.S., Canada, Australia and Norway to counter economic sanction imposed on it. As far as Norway is concerned, the impact on seafood exports is severe.
Norway, which exports seafood to 140 countries, was now looking at newer markets such as India, Indonesia, Vietnam and countries in Central and Eastern Europe, officials said.
“We see a huge potential in India and foresee similar positive changes in demand for Norwegian Salmon that we have seen in countries like Russia and China. These are countries where Salmon was not well known 10 to 15 years ago but is now growing rapidly,” said Norwegian Seafood Council director Christian Chramer.
“India has a large population that prefers to eat healthier food, and is aware of the benefits of Omega 3 in seafood. At present, , people are having it in five-star hotels and may soon have Salmon at home or at restaurants” he added. Norway has not set any exports target for India. “At this stage, we are facilitating contact between Norwegian exporters and the Indian seafood importers, trade and the retail sector. We are still at an early stage, and are building up our competence and establishing contacts with relevant partners in India step by step,” Mr. Chramer said. He said important milestones needed to be reached, the most important being establishment of a Free Trade Agreement between Norway and India before setting any targets.
Norway is exporting seafood to India for over ten years but in limited volume. The Norwegian Salmon coming to India is often exported via Denmark, Poland and the Netherlands.
“Of the limited volumes of Salmon coming into India (about 60 tonnes in 2013), the majority is from Norway. We believe that there is a great potential for growth of the seafood market in India,” Mr. Chramer said.

Muthoot to buy used gold items for recyclingUpdated: November 4, 2014 23:24 IST
Muthoot to buy used gold items for recycling
M. Soundariya Preetha
economy, business and finance
Muthoot Exim Private Limited has opened Muthoot Gold Point, a retail outlet to buy old and used gold items directly from retail customers.
Keyur Shah, Chief Executive Officer of Precious Metals Business of Muthoot Pappachan group, told The Hindu that the company planned to open two more outlets by the end of March next. At the All India level, it is estimated that 150-200 tonnes of used gold is recycled every year. About 40 per cent of it is in the South. Chennai, Coimbatore and Madurai are some of the major centres for gold recycling. Hence, the company has opened its first outlet here.
The valuation of the gold jewellery would be based on purity, weight and market rate. “We want to have a national-level pricing linked to the live market rate,” he said. Cash payment would be made up to Rs.1.90 lakh, and for jewellery worth more than Rs.1.90 lakh, payments would be made through cheque.
According to a press release, Muthoot Exim would subsequently reprocess, refine and supply the refined bars for domestic consumption.

Economic transformation is key to a free MyanmarNovember 4, 2014 1:15 pm
Economic transformation is the key to a free Myanmar
Foreign governments can help by promoting trade and investment, writes Thant Myint-U
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9f2a9a8-6378-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Second-richest man was poorer than usNovember 4, 2014 4:05 pm
The second richest man of all time was poorer than us
John Kay
I would rather have antibiotics than gold plate, and I suspect Rothschild would have felt the same
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d1bb8ca-6412-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Congress never bothered about UPA partners: Praful PatelPrint
Praful Patel
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:47 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 7:17 pm
Congress did not follow the coalition dh-arma and hardly bothered to carry along its United Progressive Alliance (UPA) partners after the Lok Sabha elections, according to senior Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Praful Patel.
“Despite being the bigger partner, Congress never offered chairmanship or membership to any Parliamentary committee. The NCP has 10 members in Parliament. Congress just didn’t show any appreciation of its alliance with partners,” Patel said in an interview to The Indian Express.
According to Patel, there was no UPA now. “National Conference and the DMK have moved out.
The UPA was only Congress-NCP. We moved out after Congress didn’t give us adequate number of seats to contest in Maharashtra. So, what is the relevance of UPA today,” he said.
The leader, however, refused to directly answer if the NCP would join the BJP-led government at the Centre or in Maharashtra. “It is not possible to predict now,” he said.
NCP’s unconditional support from outside to the BJP in Maharashtra makes it politically relevant, Patel said. BJP has won 122 seats in the state, 24 short of majority. NCP has 41 MLAs. “We will vote for the BJP during the trust vote on November 12,” he added.
BJP’s state president Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the Chief Minister of Maharashtra on October 31. Nine other MLAs were allocated portfolios, but none from Sena. The Sena, which severed its 25-year alliance with the BJP ahead of Assembly elections in Maharashtra, is still negotiating over a post-poll alliance. There is no certainty if Sena will be part of the government.
BJP has said further expansion of the Cabinet will happen only after the trust vote. Political observers say after the trust vote the BJP can continue for six months. Shiv Sena, which too split from BJP over seat sharing ahead of the state elections, won 63 Assembly seats.
NCP’s unconditional support to the BJP, however, took the wind out of Sena’s sail, and dramatically diminished the latter’s bargaining power in case the two were to regroup now to form the government in Maharashtra. Were it not for this development, BJP, despite its leading position, would have had to bank on Sena’s support to form the government in the state.
Patel also defended his party’s secular credentials by questioning the Congress, one of whose leader, he claimed called him up after the poll outcome to offer outside support if the NCP and the Sena were to stake claim to government formation in the state.
Not only did Congress not show any magnanimity after the Lok Sabha polls, it refused to let NCP contest in 130 seats out of 288 in Maharashtra, Patel said. “Prithviraj (Chavan) said 130 seats was out of question. We demanded 144 i.e. half the seats, but we were willing to settle for less. But Congress did not yield even after I personally sent messages to Rahul (Gandhi) and Soniaji,” Patel said.

Tech has no right to define due processNovember 4, 2014 6:18 pm
Tech companies have no right to define due process on data
Philip Bobbitt
Issues over geeks and spies have become blurred since cold war days, writes Philip Bobbitt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7b37158-6436-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil Prices Tumble on Saudi Discount MoveThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Jeans maker backs push on ethical factoriesJeans maker launches cheap financing for more ethical factories
Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a541bcb4-6417-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech companies and terrorism© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a563b00-641a-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba: free play time© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/7981cafe-6437-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gunpowder Plot witchmarks at Kent houseGunpowder Plot witchmarks found at historic house in Kent
James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c056e08-640a-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pink Floyd: The Endless RiverPink Floyd: The Endless River – review
Ludovic Hunter-Tilney
The band’s first album in 20 years is a graceful, largely instrumental meditation on their own past
 
The Endless River
(Parlophone)
Loss is a recurrent Pink Floyd theme. First there was the loss of original leader Syd Barrett to mental illness. Then Roger Waters , architect of the band’s greatest successes, exited after falling out with his colleagues. Now the remnants of the Floyd, guitarist David Gilmour and drummer Nick Mason , revive the band for their first album since 1994’s The Division Bell in order to mark another loss.
The Endless River commemorates keyboardist Rick Wright, who died in 2008 . Its 18 tracks, all instrumentals bar one song, are adapted from unused music from The Division Bell’s recording sessions, with Gilmour and Mason laying down new parts and Roxy Music’s Phil Manzanera helping to reshape the material.
It opens with an unidentified voice talking about the “unspoken understanding” in the band but also admitting that “we shout and argue and fight like everyone else”. What follows is a series of ambient instrumentals in the spirit of the band’s pre-Wall work, the shifting moods capturing the volatile dynamics of the band’s history.
Some are fragmentary, their origins as studio sweepings audible, but others strike an authentically Floydian note, rising into full pomp-rock majesty or drifting off into graceful reverie. (The working title for the album was The Big Spliff.)
Wright is present posthumously, his keyboards going from grandiose chords to jazzy fills. Meanwhile Gilmour is central to the action, his guitar-playing full of emotional intelligence, its tones alternately inquisitive, mournful, fierce and dreamlike, unfolding with a deep sense of space.
“It’s louder than words, this thing that we do,” he sings in the only song, the stately finale “Louder Than Words”. The sentiment could be taken as an implied rebuke to Roger Waters, the band’s erstwhile chief wordsmith, who fired Wright as a full Floyd member in 1979.
But I sense something else – an act of relinquishment, the final utterance from Pink Floyd in what Gilmour says will be their final album. How fitting that a band so accustomed to loss should close their account with an engrossing elegy to their own past.
‘The Endless River’ is released on November 10 on Parlophone, pinkfloyd.com
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

BSE Sensex hits record high for 4th session  breaches 28 000-mark for first timeMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The BSE Sensex today breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

http://usat.ly/1tYLWXAFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Oil drops 50% from all-time high
The price of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil posted its all-time high of $147.27 on July 11, 2008. Tuesday morning, the price dropped to an intra-day low of $75.84.
Post to Facebook
Oil drops 50% from all-time high The price of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil posted its all-time high of $147.27 on July 11, 2008. Tuesday morning, the price dropped to an intra-day low of $75.84. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tXQ8qy
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Oil drops 50% from all-time high
Paul Ausick, 24/7 Wall St. 2:42 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
An oil pump works at sunset in the desert oil fields of Sakhir, Bahrain.
(Photo: Hasan Jamali, AP)
115 CONNECT 38 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The price of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil posted its all-time high of $147.27 on Friday, July 11, 2008. Tuesday morning, the price dropped to an intra-day low of $75.84, virtually half the price it hit just a little more than six years ago.
The really bad news that day was that many people did not believe that the price run was over. An analyst at Goldman Sachs had predicted in May that we'd get a "super spike" to $200 a barrel. Oilman T. Boone Pickens predicted oil would reach $150 a barrel by the end of 2008.
Then the financial crisis hit, and by December WTI had fallen back all the way to around $30 a barrel. WTI did not top $100 a barrel again until late February of 2011.
DIVIDENDS: Can you still trust stocks with 10% yields?
In 2008, demand for oil was through the roof and supply was struggling to keep up. China and other emerging markets were booming, U.S. consumption was near its peak, and there were no indications that the spiral would stop without an intervention from the Federal Reserve to boost interest rates as a way to forestall inflation.
U.S. oil producers then turned to a new technology that had transformed the natural gas business in the country — hydraulic fracturing, or fracking. By 2010, just three years after pundits had predicted the inevitable decline of U.S. onshore oil production, crude oil production had reached a low 4.5 million barrels a day. By late 2013, fracking had boosted that total to 7.5 million barrels a day.
Producers were not the only ones to make a change. Automakers, too, have helped drive down the cost of oil by making cars more fuel efficient. In July of 2008, the sales-weighted unadjusted Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) rating of the U.S. fleet was 26.1 miles per gallon. By August of this year, that number had risen to 30.7 miles per gallon.
U.S. drivers also cut down on their miles driven, from a peak of about 3.04 trillion miles driven on a moving 12-month average in November of 2007, the total has fallen to about 2.98 trillion miles. That 2% cut is the result of both a change in consumers' habits caused by the severe recession and more fuel-efficient cars.
It took crude oil just one year to rise from $75.74 a barrel in July of 2007 to $147.27 in July of 2008. WTI prices are now where they were more than seven years ago and could fall further. And no one is predicting $200 a barrel crude any time soon.
24/7 Wall St . is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
115 CONNECT 38 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tXQ8qy
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Black money on Ramdev-Modi meet agendaYoga guru Ramdev today met Prime Minister Narendra Modi at his residence here.
“Baba Ramdev called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today,” a PMO statement said.
There was no official word on what transpired in the meeting but Ramdev told reporters later that “issues of national importance” were discussed.
The meeting comes against the backdrop of the government’s endeavour to bring back black money stashed abroad, an issue which the yoga guru has been raising.
The government recently submitted a list of 627 people allegedly having illegal bank accounts abroad.
Modi had on Sunday asserted that he will make all efforts to get every penny of black money back.
TAGS: Baba Ramdev Black Money Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

  Government Open to Privatisation of Loss-Making FirmsMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: India is open to privatisation of certain loss-making public sector companies, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Thursday.
"Certainly I would be interested to look at some PSUs (which) could do much better in private hands," Mr Jaitley said during an interaction at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi, referring to public sector undertakings.
Mr Jaitley also said the government will soon unveil reforms for other natural resources sectors along the lines of coal block auctions.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

5 Things to Know About This RallyGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
The Sensex rallied to record highs for the fourth consecutive day to hit 28,000 for the first time on Wednesday. The Nifty too set a new peak by rising to 8,363.95. Indian stock markets have now gained over 7.5 per cent, or nearly 200 points, in the last 12 trading sessions and bulls seem firmly in control of the Dalal Street. Indian markets shed some early gains in afternoon trade on profit-taking. At 12:30 pm, the Sensex was up 33 points to 27,893 while Nifty was up 10 points at 8,333. ( Track stocks )
Here are five reasons why Sensex jumped over 7.5 per cent in the 12 sessions:
Renewed expectations of a rate cut as early as in December have given fresh legs to the rally. The continuous slide in global crude prices and diesel decontrol (announced earlier this month) are likely to have a big impact on easing inflation in the coming months. This also means greater pressure on the Reserve Bank to cut rates. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in an interview also favoured a rate cut.( Nifty Set to Cross 10,000 Peak Next Year: JM Financial )
Banking stocks have outperformed in this rally on hopes of earlier-than-expected rate cuts from the RBI. The banking shares index, Bank Nifty, gained nearly 11 per cent, in the past 12 sessions, outperforming the broader markets. The Royal Bank of Scotland on Monday said economic indicators like softening of inflation suggests that key interest rates could be slashed sooner than later by the Reserve Bank of India. "I think the indicators seem to suggest that rate cut would be sooner rather than later," said RBS country executive Brijesh Mehra.
Domestic equities have also got a boost from Bank of Japan's stimulus announcement on Friday. Analysts say BoJ's move will ensure the steady flow of overseas investments into Indian equities at a time when the US Federal Reserve has put an end to its six-year-old monetary stimulus. The European Central Bank is also expected to announce some stimulus measures to perk up the Continent's economy.
Foreign investors are back to buying domestic stocks after a brief selling in early October. So far this year they have bought Indian shares nearly $14 billion (Rs 84,000 crore at $1 = Rs 60 rupee). Overseas investors bought Indian shares worth Rs 1,413 crore on Monday, buying for a fourth straight session.
The current market rally is co-terminus with the announcement of reform measures such as diesel decontrol. Energy reforms have been followed by incremental reforms in other sectors. Recently, the government announced the opening up of the coal sector and also eased norms for foreign direct investment in the construction sector. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 12:53 (IST)

Dollar Hits Fresh Seven-Year High Against YenDollar Hits Fresh Seven-Year High Against Yen
Second-richest man of all time poorer than usNovember 4, 2014 4:05 pm
The second richest man of all time was poorer than us
John Kay
I would rather have antibiotics than gold plate, and I suspect Rothschild would have felt the same
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d1bb8ca-6412-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tim Clissold on the art of business in China© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c413965e-641b-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex zooms past 28k to log fresh highsMARKET UPDATE: Sensex hits 28K-mark, Nifty scales new high on reforms hope
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 17:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The BSE Sensex on Wednesday breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank .
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
"Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies", said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the limelight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday. 
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
"Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates," Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close on Thursday on account of "Gurunanak Jayanti".

Govt open to privatisation of loss-making PSUs: JaitleyComments
India is open to privatisation of certain loss-making state-owned companies, finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday, promising more initiatives soon including reforms in the mineral sector along the lines of the recently announced coal block auction plans.
The government also plans to open railways further to private investment, ease restrictive land purchase rules, relax labour laws and raise the foreign investment ceiling for insurance companies, Jaitley said.
"Certainly I would be interested to look at some PSUs (which) could do much better in private hands," Jaitley told delegates at the India Economic Summit organised by the World Economic Forum and industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in the Capital.
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley with the founder of World Economic Forum, Klaus Schwab, during the launch of India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. (PTI photo)
"Taxpayers cannot continue to pay for loss-making businesses," said Jaitley hinting that the government may consider privatising some of the loss-making state-owned government firms in the future.
For now, however, the government will stick to selling minority stake in profit-making public sector companies.
In September, the government had approved share-sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Limited, NHPC and ONGC — that can potentially earn the exchequer Rs. 44,000 crore.
Revenues from selling shares in state-owned companies is critical to the government's plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
The minister had announced in Rajya Sabha in July that four PSUs would have to be shut down as they were "incapable of revival".
As many as 79 PSUs have, over a period of time, become loss making and the total amount of public investment stuck in these PSUs was to the tune of Rs. 1.57 lakh crore, he had said, adding "over Rs. 10,000 crore from the budget have been physically pumped into to make them going."
The government has set an ambitious target of Rs. 43,425 crore to be mopped up from PSU disinvestment in the current fiscal.
Fair business environment
Jaitley said that some allegations of "crony capitalism" were true under the last government and an element of fairness in the system was lacking, such as in the case of allocation coal blocks.
Committing to more reforms and eliminating corruption, Jaitley also said steps taken by the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government were aimed at creating fair and transparent business environment and ending crony capitalism.
Last month, the government had announced plans to put up coal mines for bidding by private steel, power and cement companies and introduce changes in the law to enable commercial mining in the future, signalling its intent to fully open the sector to private players.
The new auction-based system will replace the earlier controversial policy of allotting coal blocks based on recommendations of a panel of bureaucrats, which the Supreme Court had struck down as arbitrary. The apex court had cancelled 214 blocks allotted since 1993, a move that threatened a nascent economic recovery.
"We are going to take similar steps with regard to other minerals," he said.
"When we take these steps to eliminate crony capitalism, investors will get a system that is fair and not where they have to depend on the largesse of politicians."
Over the last five months, the Narendra Modi-led government has unveiled string of measures to turn India into a manufacturing powerhouse, remove bureaucratic sloth, make the country more investor friendly and aid its economic recovery.
The finance minister assured investors more reforms in the coming months, including plans to ease rules for industry to buy land to set up factories.
"We need to pursue one positive direction. Reforms are not about one sensational idea."
"I am quite satisfied with the beginning that we have made...in the next few months ... I think the effects within the country would also start showing."
Admitting there were challenges, the minister said, the country needed to doggedly pursue the reforms agenda.
"There are bound to be some hurdles, one need not get unnecessarily upset about them. There are a lot within the present political framework and the government's framework that can be done...but one thing that is clearly borne in mind is that no steps should be taken that sends contrary signals.
"Therefore with all kinds of ideas, big and small, one has to pursue in one direction and that's what the present government is trying to do and I am quite certain that its only a matter of time that the ground results start reflecting on the cumulative effects of these steps," he added. ?
"People are now getting convinced that India is a place to invest in."
Criticising the previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government's move to introduce retrospective taxation, Jaitley said: "Retrospective tax was a bad idea which damaged the economy."
Jaitley's statements came on a day the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex breached the 28,000-mark for the first time.
On India blocking the trade facilitation agreement at the World Trade Organization, Jaitley said the government is not opposed to the pact.
"This appears so because of the unreasonable positioning by some developed countries," he said.
All India is asking for is the "peace clause" on food subsidies to continue till a permanent settlement on the issue is found.
(With inputs from PTI)

Pidilite Q2 Net Up 17.23% at Rs. 138.9 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Pidilite Q2 Net Up 17.23% at Rs 138.9 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 13:19 (IST)
New Delhi: Pidilite Industries Ltd today reported a 17.23 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 138.9 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 118.48 crore in the same quarter last fiscal.
Pidilite Industries' net sales during the quarter under review increased by 14.12 per cent to Rs 1,248.56 crore as against Rs 1,094.07 crore in the corresponding period last year, the company said in a BSE filing.
For the half-year period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 307.42 crore as against Rs 279.47 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
Net sales of the company for the half year period rose to Rs 2,586.66 crore as compared to Rs 2,212.88 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
Shares of Pidilite were trading at Rs 405 apiece, down 1.28 per cent from the previous close on the BSE.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 13:15 (IST)

  Expect Insurance Bill to be Passed in Winter SessionGovernment May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday expressed hope that the long-pending and controversial Insurance Amendment Bill, that seeks to raise FDI in the sector from existing 26 per cent to 49 per cent, will get Parliament nod in the upcoming Winter Session.
"I do hope that the amended bill would be passed in the forthcoming session of Parliament later this month," Mr Jaitley said at the India Economic Summit.
The month-long Winter Session of Parliament is scheduled to commence from November 24.
The much-delayed Insurance Bill has been referred to the Select Committee of Parliament. The Bill, which comes with a rider that the management control would rest in the hands of Indian promoter, has been pending since 2008 in the Rajya Sabha.
The minister said India is pursuing the policy of allowing foreign investment with sectoral cap keeping in mind the requirements of the economy and the appetite of the Indian political system.
"When we were in the government last time we have opened up the sector. At that time the political system had an appetite for a limited opening. We are now opening up the sector a little more," he added.
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, which proposes to hike the FDI limit in the insurance sector to 49 per cent, has been caught in a logjam with the Congress-led opposition insisting that it be referred to a select committee.
Bowing to opposition pressure, the government had in August agreed to refer the Insurance Bill to the 15-member Select Committee. The committee is expected to submit its report by the third week of November.
The reform, according to experts, could increase the flow of foreign investment to the tune of Rs 25,000 crore into the private insurance companies. The move would help insurance firms to get much needed capital from overseas partners.
There are about two dozen private sector insurance firms both in life and non-life segment in the country.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 13:51 (IST)

LAVA claims the top spot among feature phone manufacturers in IndiaNew system allows computers to teach by example
LAVA International Limited has claimed the top spot among feature phone manufacturers in India and the second spot in the overall category, based on data from market research firm Cybex Exim Solutions Pvt Ltd.
LAVA International Limited quoted Cybex Exim data to show import of 5.3 million feature phones in Q2 2014 compared to 5 million by Micromax and 4.6 mn by Karbonn. The data showed that Lava International Limited (Lava & Xolo combined) imported a total of 7.27 mn handsets, 13% more than the 3rd largest player.
“Our strong investment in a single-layered distribution network of over 1,200 distributors with focus in product engineering and R&D has helped us scale such a growth,” said Hari Om Rai, Chairman & Managing Director, LAVA International, in a release.
The company said it is investing approximately Rs 500 crore in a phased manner to set up its own manufacturing unit with a monthlycapacity of 5 million units in India over the next couple of years. At present, the company carries out R&D and product engineering at Bangalore (India) and Shenzen (China).
TAGS: Karbonn LAVA LAVA Phone Micromax
More from industry

Japan union boss attacks GPIF shiftJapan union boss criticises pension fund strategy shift
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e3a46c2-64ac-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Flights disrupted  passengers stranded at Sri Lanka airport afterstrikeBy: Press Trust of India | Colombo | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:25 pm
Over 2,000 passengers were stranded at Sri Lanka’s main airport here for hours after several flights were disrupted due to a strike launched by employees seeking a salary hike.
Four passenger flights that have landed at the airport were kept waiting for several hours as the jet bridges cannot be connected for the passengers to disembark as a result of the strike, sources at the airport said.
The strike that was launched last evening has brought the operations at the Bandaranaike International Airport to a complete halt. According to airport officials, the baggage belts have stopped running and the arriving passengers have faced severe difficulties.
It was reported that about 2,000 passengers were waiting inside the airport for clearance.
Several flight departures were delayed leaving passengers stranded.
The strike was launched by Nidahas Sevaka Sangamaya employees, affiliated to the dominant party of the ruling Sri Lanka Freedom Party.
The strike was later called off. Deepal Perera, a trade union leader said they were demanding a rupees 10,000 pay hike.
“We hope to have discussions on our demand for 10,000 rupee salary increase”, Perera said.
The authorities accused the strikers of disconnecting electricity power supply at the airport.
This has forced the immigration officials to halt electronic operations and work manually, officials said.
The control tower of the airport was operating and could facilitate the landing of inbound flights although the departures are delayed, officials said.
The national carrier Sri Lankan Airlines said two outbound flights to Shanghai and London have been delayed.
Meanwhile, the British High Commission in Colombo advised travellers to check with the airlines before heading to the airport.

Countries must refrain from hosting terrorist acts: RajnathSinghBy: Press Trust of India | Monaco | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:15 pm
In a veiled attack on Pakistan, India has said nations must refrain from hosting and encouraging terror activities and ensure that their territories are not used for setting up terrorist training camps.
Addressing the 83rd General Assembly of Interpol in Monaco on Monday, Home Minister Rajnath Singh also said lifting banking secrecy and corporate veil in corruption and terrorist-related cases would go a long way in bringing the criminals to book.
“States must refrain from organising, instigating, facilitating, participating in, financing, encouraging or tolerating terrorist activities,” he said.
The Home Minister said countries must take appropriate measures to ensure that their territories are not used for setting up terrorist infrastructures or training camps.
Singh called on governments across the globe to collectively address the issue of safe havens for organised criminal and terrorist groups.
“Governments across the world have to recognise the need to collectively address the issue of safe havens for organised criminal and terrorist groups, their illicit operations, and their tainted money,” he said.
The Home Minister recollected that the horrific event of 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York brought home to the western world its devastating consequences and changed the world profoundly thereafter.
“The outlook of developed nations towards terrorist groups changed drastically and they woke up to the threat with which India is grappling with since early 1980s. India believes that there is a need for far greater vigilance and stricter provisions so as to make off-shore jurisdiction more transparent,” he said.
Rajnath’s comments came a day after the Pentagon told the US Congress that Pakistan is using militant groups as proxies to counter the superior Indian military.
“Afghan-and Indian-focused militants continue to operate from Pakistan territory to the detriment of Afghan and regional stability. Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India’s superior military,” the Pentagon said in its latest six-monthly report.

Can he bounce back Obama faces test after US midterm poll lossObama faces test after US midterm poll loss; can he bounce back?
AFP
Six years after sweeping into the White House on the slogan "Yes We Can", Barack Obama, whose Democratic party has lost control of both houses of Congress, must now find a new can-do spirit.
                  
Floundering in the polls and shunned by his own party's candidates, as Obama moves into the final two years of his term his presidency seems a world away from the promise of his 2008 campaign.
                  
In Tuesday's midterms Republicans seized control of the Senate and reinforced their majority in the House of Representatives, leaving the White House a lonely Democratic redoubt.
\
 As Barack Obama moves into the final two years of his term, his presidency seems a world away from the promise of his 2008 campaign of 'Yes, we can'.  (AP Photo)              
With eyes already turning to the 2016 vote to replace him, the US leader is saddled with an image problem and must show Americans he still has projects he can accomplish and battles he can win.
Meanwhile, he does not hide his frustration at roadblocks in Congress and his distaste for the political games he would need to play to make progress in Washington.
                  
Obama is far from the only president to find himself stuck after a midterm vote with a Congress in the hands of the other party.
                  
Dwight D Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush all ended up in the same awkward position in their final two years in office.
                  
"We do have an obligation to work together on issues where we can agree," the new Republican leader of the Senate, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, said Tuesday night.
                  
"Just because we have a two-party system doesn"t mean we have to be in perpetual conflict."
                  
House Majority leader John Boehner urged Obama to "begin the last two years of his presidency by taking some bipartisan steps."
                  
In a statement with an aggressive tone Boehner warned Obama against any "counter-attack" on the new Republican majority, but there seems to be little margin for cooperation.
                  
Rice University historian Douglas Brinkley, had predicted a Congress led by Republicans means total paralysis on most legislation -- but that could leave space for the man in the Oval Office.
                  
"It's going to be almost impossible to get anything done between the White House and Congress over the next two years," he warned.
                  
But, with the clock winding down, the president may feel freer to use his executive power more widely to push his agenda forward.
                  
"Presidents are usually a bit more timid to use executive powers in their first term or even their first six years because you still dream of cutting a deal on Capitol Hill," he explained.
                  
"In many ways, he is going to be liberated, because Republicans do not want to do any business with him."
                  
It is difficult to imagine any major issues on which the Obama administration and a Republican-dominated Congress could find common ground.
                  
Between now and his January 20, 2017 exit, Obama may make greater use of his so-called "pen and phone strategy" -- using his pen for executive orders and his phone to mobilize outside groups.
                  
The shift could become evident within weeks, over the highly controversial issue of immigration.
                 
Making his mark
                 
Obama has said he will act on immigration before the end of the year, arguing: "The American people don't want me standing around twiddling my thumbs waiting for Congress to do something."
                  
An executive order could offer relief to some of America's 11 million undocumented immigrants, many of whom have spent their lives in the United States under constant threat of deportation.
                  
Obama's supporters, impatient after previous delays, and his opponents, who argue it is unacceptable to bypass Congress on such an important issue, are awaiting the president's next move.
                  
Speaking Sunday during a campaign rally for Connecticut's Democratic governor, Obama was interrupted repeatedly by protesters denouncing deportations.
                  
Responding, Obama expressed his frustration, but also expressing a certain powerlessness.
                  
"We fought for immigration reform. It's the other party that's blocked it. Unfortunately, folks get frustrated, and so they want to yell at everybody," he complained.
                  
Without turning to the Congress, Obama can use his final two years to build on his main legislative accomplishment: Obamacare, which makes health insurance available for millions of uninsured.
                  
On the international front, two major crises -- tensions in Ukraine fueled by pro-Russian separatists, and the advance of the Islamic State jihadist group in Iraq and Syria -- could monopolize his time.
                  
And he could see concrete results on three major negotiations: a nuclear agreement with Iran, a trans-Pacific free trade agreement; and a global agreement on climate change.
                  
Each time, he must navigate a fine line with Congress, which he might be tempted to circumvent.
                  
On climate any treaty must be ratified by two-thirds of the Senate, almost certainly impossible in the current political environment, but a different legal approach could allow Obama to avoid the obstacle.
                  
Whether on domestic policy or on the international stage, historian Brinkley warns against the temptation to draw a conclusion either way on Obama's legacy too soon.
                  
"He still has two full years to distinguish himself," Brinkley said. "He still has a quarter of his presidency ahead of him."

Sensex Hits 28 000: Why You Should Turn CautiousGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
The BSE Sensex scaled above 28,000 for the first time on Wednesday and the 50-share Nifty also hit a record high above 8,350. The rebound in domestic equities has come after a brief correction in October, when the Sensex ended below 26,000. But, the benchmark has taken just 12 sessions to accumulate 2,000 points from October 16 and at current rate, it may well cross 30,000 by the end of the year, making 2014 one of the best years for equities since 2009. ( Read the full story here )
In normal circumstances, investors would turn circumspect after such a strong rally, but the current mood on the Dalal Street is anything but subdued. Bank of America, which spoke to 80 large investors in the US and Asia last month, said the overwhelming sentiment was "overweight" on India. This consensus bullish tone should be a reason for worry or caution for investors. Remember Warren Buffett often says that investors should be fearful when others are greedy. (Also read: Why markets are up )
Here are some reasons why investors should be cautious amid the current euphoria:
1) Overseas flows are slowing: The over 30 per cent year-to-date surge in Sensex and Nifty should be attributed to strong fund flows. According to Morningstar, the total value of FII investment in Indian equity markets as of September 30, 2014 was $294 billion or over 19 per cent of the market capitalization of India. This is one of the highest levels of FII investments in the country. In the first two quarters of 2014, net FII flows in equities totaled $10.8 billion, but the third quarter (ending September) saw flows worth $3.1 billion only. The fourth quarter has started on a negative note, with FIIs selling equities in October.
2) Short-term support, but uncertainty remains: The sharp deceleration in FII flows coincide with the end of the six-year monetary stimulus by the US Federal Reserve in October. The first few days of November have seen robust FII flows as the Bank of Japan has announced a massive stimulus, which will boost Indian equities in the short-run. The real test for India will come when the US Fed starts raising rates sometime next year. Noted economist Moses Harding says, "Indian financial markets cannot stay ring-fenced despite domestic euphoria nor take comfort from upside momentum in growth or ease in inflation or significant improvement in fiscal deficit". ( Read Mr Harding's advice for investors )
3) Global economy continues to weigh: The continued uncertainty about growth prospects in Eurozone, Japan and emerging markets has led economist Nouriel Roubini to compare the global economy to a jetliner. Mr Roubini says the global economy is flying on a single engine (US). Of the five BRICS economies, three (Brazil, Russia, and South Africa) are close to recession, while the biggest (China) is in the midst of a structural slowdown, he says. Past experience (2008) has shown that India cannot stay immune to what's happening around the world. ( Read )
4) Red flags about Indian economy: Improving economic fundamentals are indeed a source for confidence in equities. The rebound in first quarter GDP (5.7 per cent), fall in inflation and expected narrowing in fiscal deficit demonstrate reasonable strength in the Indian economy. However, credit growth has remained subdued this year, which indicates demand is not picking up yet. The slump in industrial output in July and August is also worrisome as it indicates no revival in investment cycle, Care Ratings says. There are other concerns too: Export slowdown, widening trade deficit, weak auto and home sales - all of which raise doubt about a robust recovery. In fact, Icra Ratings expects September quarter GDP to moderate to just 5 per cent. ( Read more )
5) Much hopes on rate cut, reforms: The latest rally is based on hopes of an earlier-than-expected rate cut announcement, traders say. But many economists believe that the RBI is unlikely to reverse its hawkish stance on inflation just yet. Similarly, there are different view about how fast the government can undertake difficult reforms such as implementing the goods and services tax (GST), cutting down subsidies and easing labour laws. (Read: What Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Said on Reforms )
 

Crony Capitalism Allegations Were True: Arun JaitleyMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said that allegations of crony capitalism against the previous government harmed India's image globally as the spectrum and coal block allocations became defining moments against the country.
"Allegations of crony capitalism were true (under last government). Element of fairness in the system was lacking," Mr Jaitley said at the World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit in Delhi.
( Read highlights )
The finance minister also conceded that the retrospective tax amendment done by the UPA government was a bad idea and it damaged India's economy. India had fallen off global radar over last 2-3 years, he added.
However, Mr Jaitley voiced optimism that the measures initiated by the government will soon show results. Citing the example of the recent coal ordinance, he said the new government has removed the element of discretion in the hands of the state.
In good news for investors, Mr Jaitley expressed hope that the amended Insurance Bill will be passed in the next session of Parliament. He also said that the government will relook at some aspects of Land Acquisition Law. Its cumbersome procedure has often been cited as one of the impediments to make India a manufacturing hub. ( Read )
However, those looking for big bang reforms will likely be disappointed, with the finance minister stressing that reforms are not about one sensational idea. Stressing that it is difficult in a country like India to market reforms, Mr Jaitley said, "Reforms in developed society are different because people there have already tasted fruits of development. In a country where a very large number of people are so poor, for governments to push reforms is far more challenging."
On the key labour reform, he said the government will need to build a consensus. India's stringent labour laws have been a sore point with foreign investors. As far as subsidies are concerned, Mr Jaitley said they cannot be eliminated altogether but there is scope for its rationalization. Subsidies account for over 2 per cent of India's GDP.
The government last month announced measures such as decontrol of diesel prices and gas price hike. Indian stock markets have jumped to record highs on hopes of further reform announcements.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 15:20 (IST)

 Marketing Reforms in India a Big Challenge: Arun JaitleyMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today spoke at the India Economic Summit in Delhi. Here are some points he made:
Reforms in developed society are different because people there have already tasted fruits of development. In a country where a very large number of people are so poor, marketing reforms to them is very challenging for a government
Our reform process cannot be one that simply confronts public opinion - doubts have to be cleared. Debate has to continuously go on
Reforms process in India has to weigh the requirements of each sector
Have recently opened up defence sector- it was always considered very sacrosanct in India. As a result, we became only buyers.
India had fallen off global radar over last 2-3 years. Buzz around India is back.
Allegations of crony capitalism were true (under last government). Element of fairness in the system was lacking.
Retrospective tax (Vodafone case) was a bad idea which damaged the economy.
Taxpayers can't continue to pay for loss-making businesses. We will continue on path of divestment. Will look at some Public Sector Units that may do better in private hands
We are liberalizing insurance sector a little more - hope the amended bill would be passed by Parliament later this month.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 14:11 (IST)

Gold  Silver Slump to Fresh Four-Year LowsSingapore: Gold slid for a fifth session in six on Wednesday, tumbling to a four-year low below $1,150 an ounce as a strong dollar kept investors away from the safe-haven asset and physical demand failed to provide underlying support.
Silver tracked gold lower, hitting its lowest since early 2010, while platinum and palladium also fell.
The dollar rose to a seven-year high against the Japanese yen after a victory by Republicans in the United States' mid-term elections raised hopes for an end to political gridlock in Washington, boosting sentiment for riskier assets.
Underscoring the lack of interest in bullion, holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the top gold-backed exchange traded fund, slumped to a fresh six-year low.
Physical buying of jewellery, coins and bars - which usually picks up at lower prices - has not emerged robustly enough to put a floor under prices.
"There is very little on the horizon that is bullish. Despite the trillions of dollars of stimulus over the past several years, most central bankers are worried about deflation, not inflation," said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir.
"In addition, the roaring U.S. equity markets continue to siphon off assets away from alternative investments, including gold," he said.
The yellow metal is often seen as a hedge against inflation and financial uncertainties.
Spot gold tumbled to $1,146.06 an ounce, its lowest since April 2010, before recovering modestly to trade down 1.6 per cent at $1,149.85 by 0738 GMT.
Silver fell more than 3 per cent to $15.44, its lowest since February 2010.
Selling intensified after gold broke through $1,161 - the previous four-year low hit on Friday, and then $1,155, said a Hong Kong-based precious metals trader.
The metals could see further downside, especially around the release of US jobs report on Friday, the trader said. A strong report could boost economic optimism and the dollar.
The dollar has been an investor favourite recently, hitting a four-year high against a basket of major currencies earlier this week.
A stronger greenback makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, and dulls its appeal as a hedge.
The lack of investor appetite for gold was evident in outflows from the SPDR gold fund. Its holdings fell 0.32 per cent to 738.82 tonnes on Tuesday - its lowest since September 2008. The fund tends to influence investor sentiment due to the size of its holdings.
Physical demand
A sharp break in gold prices to their lowest levels in more than four years has prompted a pick-up in demand for coins in Europe and the United States.
But demand in top buyer China - seen as a key pillar of support for gold - has been disappointing. Strong Chinese buying is usually seen preventing more losses in gold.
Chinese consumers have not shown much enthusiasm for gold on expectation that it will fall further.
On Wednesday, local prices on the Shanghai Gold Exchange dipped to a discount of about 50 cents an ounce to the global benchmark, indicating weak buying interest.
Chinese prices had been at a discount on Monday but had gained to a small premium of up to $1 on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Stay invested in Cipla  says Phani SekharStay invested in Cipla  says Phani Sekhar
RSB Transmissions inks deal with JBK JapanHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
RSB Transmissions inks deal with JBK Japan
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Nov 5:  
RSB Transmissions (I) Ltd, a Pune-based manufacturer of components for the auto and mining and construction sectors, has signed technical assistance agreement with Jidosha Buhin Kogyo (JBK) of Japan.
The pact is to manufacture and sell latest propeller shafts for SCV/SUV/LCV segment in both the domestic and export markets.
The deal was inked by S K Behera, Vice Chairman & MD, and Masatoshi Ito, President, JBK, Japan.
“RSB propeller shafts already have a major share in the domestic market, and this collaboration will give a technological edge to make inroads into hitherto untapped markets,” SK Behera said in a statement.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

New laser-based technology to diagnose heart diseaseNew laser-based technology to diagnose heart disease
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Nov 5:  
A new laser-based technology that takes precise 3D images of dangerous plaques lining arteries and identifies deposits that are likely to rupture and cause heart attacks has been developed.
The imaging shows the presence of carbon-hydrogen bonds making up lipid molecules in arterial plaques that cause heart disease, said Ji-Xin Cheng, a professor in Purdue University’s Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering and Department of Chemistry.
Researchers are close to commercialising the medical imaging technology that could diagnose cardiovascular disease by measuring ultrasound signals from molecules exposed to a fast-pulsing laser.
“This allows us to see the exact nature of plaque formation in the walls of arteries so we can define whether plaque is going to rupture,” said Michael Sturek, co-author of the paper and a professor and chair of the Department of Cellular and Integrative Physiology at Indiana University School of Medicine.
“Some plaques are more dangerous than others, but one needs to know the chemical makeup of the blood vessel wall to determine which ones are at risk of rupturing,” said Sturek.
Research in the area has been hindered by the inability to perform high-speed imaging in tissue.
The researchers solved the problem by developing a Raman laser using a laser that produces 2,000 pulses per second, each pulse capable of generating an image, representing a 100-fold increase in the imaging speed of the new technology, called intravascular photoacoustic imaging.
“This innovation represents a big step towards advancing this technology to the clinical setting,” Cheng said.
The imaging technique is “label free,” meaning it does not require samples to be marked with dyes, making it appealing for diagnostic applications.
The technology is being commercialised by the company Vibronix Inc, co-founded by Cheng and Purdue postdoctoral research associate Pu Wang.
The laser, which pulses in the near-infrared range of the spectrum, causes tissue to heat and expand locally, generating pressure waves at the ultrasound frequency that can be picked up with a device called a transducer.
The system is small enough to be incorporated into an endoscope to put into blood vessels using a catheter, said Cheng.
The near-infrared laser causes enough heating to generate ultrasound but not enough to damage the tissues. The research was conducted with intact pig tissue and will expand to research with live animals and then clinical studies with humans, researchers said.
The finding was published in the Nature journal Scientific Reports.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Emami signs up Kangna Ranaut for endorsing BoroPlus moisturising lotionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Emami signs up Kangna Ranaut for endorsing BoroPlus moisturising lotion
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 5:  
Emami Ltd said on Wednesday it has signed up Kangna Ranaut for endorsing a moisturising lotion from its BoroPlus portfolio. Ranaut will endorse the product with Kareena Kapoor Khan, who has earlier endorsed the same product. Both of them will endorse two variants of the product.
A TV commercial featuring Kangna would shortly be launched, Emami said. There would also be the usual print, outdoor and digital promotional campaigns.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Swachch Bharat Abhiyan  needed for India: Deve GowdaDeve Gowda backs ‘Swachch Bharat’
A J Vinayak
Tweet
Mangalore, Nov 5:  
Former Prime Minister HD Deve Gowda has supported the ‘Swachch Bharat Abhiyan,’ saying such a programme is needed for the country.
Addressing presspersons in Mangalore on Wednesday, Gowda said he welcomed the ‘Swachch Bharat Abhiyan’, and participated in one such programme in Hassan recently. He said many villages and towns in the country lacked drainage and solid waste management facilities.
However, he said: “That does not mean I welcome everything he (Modi) does.” His party would play the role of a constructive opposition in Parliament, he said.
Gowda said he had a 45-minute meeting with Modi after he assumed charge as Prime Minister. He has now sought an appointment with the Prime Minister to discuss the problems faced by farmers in the State.
Stressing the need for a strong regional party in Karnataka, he said he would tour all the 224 assembly constituencies in the State in the next three-and-half years to strengthen the party.
He will meet those who worked for the party for long and who are inactive now, and make efforts to bring them back into active politics.
To a query on the appointment of the president of Karnataka unit of Janata Dal (Secular), Gowda said a decision on this would be taken in two weeks.
He said the law and order situation is not good in Karnataka. An analysis of the murders during the daytime shows that the number has increased in the past one-and-a-half years, he said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Anita Kapur is CBDT new chairpersonAnita Kapur is CBDT new chairperson
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Senior IRS officer Anita Kapur has been appointed as the new chairperson of the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), the apex authority of the Income-Tax Department.
Kapur, a 1978-batch officer of the Income-Tax cadre, was till now serving as Member (Legislation and Computerisation and Income-Tax) in CBDT.
She took over the top charge after her appointment was announced by the government as incumbent CBDT Chairman K V Chowdary retired on October 31, a senior official said.
Chowdary was later appointed as an Advisor to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money headed by retired Supreme Court Judge M B Shah.
Kapur will be in office till November next year.
With no new appointments being made in this apex board in the recent past, CBDT at present has a vacancy of five members.
Apart from Kapur, the only other member is Arun Kumar Jain and both the officers have divided all the charges among each other.
CBDT has six members apart from the chairperson and is the apex body for framing policy and administrative issues related to direct taxes and the Income-Tax Department.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Sena warns BJP: Separating Vidarbha like snatching mother from childTaj Mahal part of ancient temple, claims Uttar Pradesh BJP chief
Describing Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) stand on separate statehood for Vidarbha akin to “protectors becoming perpetrators”, the Shiv Sena today reminded its former ally of the resounding mandate it got in Vidarbha and said the vote was in favour of development and not for a separate statehood.
“The BJP won handsomely in the Vidarbha region in the recently held Assembly elections. But they should not think they have got this mandate to divide Maharashtra. Separating Vidarbha from Maharashtra is like separating a child from its mother,” the Sena said in an edit in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
“When a CM who hails from Vidarbha talks about its separation, it is just like the protector of Maharashtra getting ready to become a perpetrator or wrongdoer,” it added.
The Sena said that instead of speaking about separation of Vidarbha, the BJP should concentrate on developing the region.
“While on his first visit to Nagpur after becoming the CM, (Devendra) Fadnavis said that Vidarbha will be carved out at an appropriate time. Instead, he should have spoken about the development of the region. He should have spoken about empowering the security agencies in Naxal-hit areas like Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,” the Sena said.
Its hypocrisy on the part of BJP to now talk about carving out a separate state, when the same party accused the Congress of making a mistake when it created Telangana from Andhra Pradesh, it said.
“We only hope that the ‘Fadnavis Express’ runs straight on the path of development of Vidarbha and does not wobble in between. The CM should working towards fulfilling the dreams of 105 martyrs who sacrificed their lives for ‘Akhand (united) Maharashtra,” the Sena added.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP Shiv Sena Vidarbha
More from miscellaneous

US tech companies command centers for terroristsTaj Mahal part of ancient temple, claims Uttar Pradesh BJP chief
US technology companies have become the command and control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals, one of Britain’s senior-most intelligence chiefs has warned and sought their cooperation in intelligence matters to tackle the menace.
Robert Hannigan, who recently took over as director of the UK’s Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) – also referred to as Britain’s listening post – warned that some US tech companies are “in denial” about how their services are being misused.
“However much they may dislike it, [US technology companies] have become the command and control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals, who find their services as transformational as the rest of us,” he writes in an article for ‘The Financial Times’ today.
“The challenge to governments and their intelligence agencies is huge – and it can only be met with greater cooperation from technology companies. GCHQ and its sister agencies, MI5 and the Secret Intelligence Service, cannot tackle these challenges at scale without greater support from the private sector, including the largest US technology companies which dominate the web,” he adds.
In his first public intervention, Hannigan argues that the big internet firms must work more closely with the intelligence services, warning that “privacy has never been an absolute right”.
He goes on to say that Islamic State (IS), also known as ISIL, has a different approach to using the internet than other extremist groups have had.
“Where Al Qaeda and its affiliates saw the internet as a place to disseminate material anonymously or meet in ‘dark spaces’, ISIS has embraced the web as a noisy channel to promote itself, intimidate people, and radicalise new recruits,” he says.
The debate about whether security agencies should be allowed to access personal data through social-networking sites like Google and Facebook was brought to the fore in 2013 after Edward Snowden leaked details of alleged internet and phone surveillance by US intelligence.
Snowden, who has been granted temporary asylum in Russia, faces espionage charges over his actions.
Hannigan, who has advised the British Prime Minister on counter-terrorism strategies in the past, calls for a “new deal” between democratic governments and the technology companies in the area of protecting citizens.
“It should be a deal rooted in the democratic values we share. That means addressing some uncomfortable truths. Better to do it now than in the aftermath of greater violence,” he says.
TAGS: UK Government Communications Headquarters Us Technology Firms
More from miscellaneous

Bharti Airtel calls off Rs 700 crore deal to acquire Loop MobileTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Telecom major Bharti Airtel has called off its plans to acquire business and assets of Mumbai based Loop Mobile, for about Rs 700 crore, as the Department of Telecom is yet to clear the deal.
“Loop Mobile and Bharti applied to DoT for approval of the business transfer in March 2014. The approval for the transaction is still awaited from the relevant authorities as a result of which Bharti Airtel has withdrawn from the proposed transaction causing huge loss to the company,” Loop Mobile spokesperson said.
DoT is yet to give clearance to the deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
Loop Mobile’s permit in Mumbai is expiring on November 29 and the company did not purchase spectrum in February auction which was mandatory for continuing its operations.
Airtel had signed a deal with Loop in February this year to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile’s 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were suppose to join Airtel’s over 4 million subscribers, making it largest network in the metropolitan city.
Loop Mobile will not be able to migrate its subscribers to Airtel as originally envisaged. No immediate comments were received from Airtel.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has told the DoT that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
A consortium led by Axis Bank had given advanced loans of Rs 350 crore to Loop Mobile and the current outstanding stood at Rs 215 crore, according to a communication by the bank to DoT.
Loop Mobile has applied to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) for release of additional porting codes for facilitating port-out (transfer) of all its subscribers.
The company had over 17 lakh customer in August as per data released by TRAI.
TAGS: Airtel Loop Deal Bharti Airtel Loop Mobile
More from companies

Sensex hits record high  breaches 28 000-mark for firsttimeMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The BSE Sensex today breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

India s highest paid CEOsStory
Top job, big bucks
Indian CEO salaries are touching new highs as the war for talent gets fiercer. And compensation structuring is increasingly mimicking the salary innovations in the US.
Shamni Pande and Jyotindra Dubey      Follow @ShamniPande    Edition: Nov 23, 2014
(Clockwise from top left) Reliance Industries Limited CMD Mukesh Ambani, Bharti Enterprises Founder and Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal, Reliance Group Chairman Anil Ambani, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka
In July this year, India's software services giant Infosys announced that it was hiring former SAP chief technology officer Vishal Sikka as its new CEO at a compensation that could touch $5.08 million (Rs 30 crore or so) per annum including variable pay. Sikka would also be entitled to stock options to the tune of $2 million.
Sikka's remuneration made headlines because - though middling by global standards - it was the highest salary that had been offered to a non-promoter CEO in the country till date.
And it was vastly higher than the salary of the man who was doing the hiring. N.R. Narayana Murthy, who had given the final nod to Sikka's recruitment, was drawing a princely sum of Rs 1 per annum. Murthy had stipulated he would only accept a token salary when he agreed to come out of retirement in June 2013 and take charge as executive chairman once again.
The highest paid Promoter and Professional CEOs (Graphics by Ajay Thakuri)
Click here to Enlarge
Despite the gloom and doom of the past few years, there has never been a better time to be a CEO of an Indian company. The average compensation of Indian CEOs - both promoters and professionals - has risen sharply over the past few years. In fact, in 2013/14, a year that was pretty dismal for the Indian corporate world, the CEOs of the top 100 listed companies saw their aggregate annual compensation rise by 12 per cent. The aggregate revenues of the same group of companies only rose by 9.6 per cent while profit after tax grew even slower at 6.9 per cent.
A decade ago, there were barely a couple of dozen C-suite occupants who drew salaries over Rs 1 crore per annum. In 2013/14, there were 697 crorepatis in total in the BT 500 C-suites, with about 40 being added in that year itself. There were a dozen people whose annual salaries were well above Rs 25 crore, another 45 in the Rs 10 crore to Rs 25 crore bracket. In several of the top companies, over 10 executives had compensation packages in excess of Rs 1 crore. The newcomers to the crorepati club last year included people like Abhijit Roy, MD, Berger Paints India, at Rs 1.07 crore, Anupam Puri at Rs 1.1 crore and Bruce LA Carter at Rs 1.02 crore - both Directors at Dr Reddy's Laboratories. Infrastructure company Triveni Turbine has Arun Prabhakar Mote, Executive Director at Rs 2.17 crore, while Jindal Steel & Power has Dinesh Kumar Saraogi at Rs 1.31 crore.
The Top League
Things were not always as good for Indian CEOs. Till the early 1990s, the Companies Act capped the CEOs' salaries. Add the fact that personal income tax was considerably steeper then, and most CEOs took home salaries that were fairly modest, by any standards, even if the rupee went a lot further in those days than it does today.
In 1993, changes in the Companies Act freed CEO salaries and immediately pay packages started shooting up. By 1994, the first CEOs with over Rs 1 crore in annual compensation had started showing up. Pradip Shah, founding MD of India's pioneer credit rating firm CRISIL was one of the earliest to cross the seven figure salary barrier. But even then, through the 1990s, the CEO crorepati club was fairly exclusive.
THE FIGHT FOR TALENT
Things started changing in the last years of the 20th century as the opening up of the economy saw new multinationals coming into the country. Meanwhile, the dotcom boom, the runaway growth of IT companies, and the rising number of new multinationals opening shop ensured that salaries doubled, tripled and quadrupled in the senior rungs. As the fight for talent grew fiercer, poaching became the name of the game. And the older multinationals in the country became favourite hunting grounds for new players looking to build a senior team quickly.
Of course, poaching was always a favoured tactic of any new firm setting up operations in India even earlier. Ramesh Vangal, who led PepsiCo's entry into the country, reminisces how, in 1988, they picked up lots of talent from Hindustan Lever (now Hindustan Unilever). "SM Datta - the then chairman of HLL - met me and expressed his concern about how PepsiCo was disturbing the Indian salary structure and how this would have a bad impact on all companies," laughs Vangal. To get around the salary restrictions of those days, PepsiCo and other new players started offering perks like soft furnishing allowances, paid vacations abroad, and paid helpers.
But the action had really started hotting up in the late 1990s. In 1998 and 1999, the dotcom boom was giving rise to its own dynamics. Where CEO salaries was largely fixed till the mid-90s, the end 90s saw a large portion coming by way of variable pay. The dotcoms, the software services companies and other tech companies also introduced the concept of Employee Stock Option Plans (ESOPs) and also sweat equity. The idea was to let the senior employees have some incentive that would be tied to the company's performance.
When stock options first made their appearance, the traditional companies were aghast. "I remember a conversation with a promoter of an Indian group and asked him to offer stock option to a talent they were keen on hiring for launching their financial services arm. They thought the suggestion to be preposterous," says Sanjiv Sachar of Egon Zehnder, that specializes in leadership and board-level talent search. Later though, even the traditionalists gave in. "The new Indian business entities realised that no high-flier was willing to join them and the only way to woo them was to offer high stakes," says K Sudarshan of EMA Partners International, a headhunting firm.
Sectorwise median salaries
By March 2000, the dotcom boom had reached its peak and the long slide down was about to begin. The dotcom burst of 2000/01 had an impact not just on the pure internet companies but on the entire information technology sector. Suddenly, tech stocks were plunging and ESOPs were under water. It would be around 2006/07 before stock options and sweat equity would come back into favour and become mainstream. And other industries, not just technology companies, would make them part of the overall compensation package of CEOs.
In 2000/01, even as tech was falling out of favour, other sunrise industries were taking up the slack. Telecom and television were two new sectors offering record salaries. ZEE Television, provoked by the success of Star Plus' Kaun Banega Crorepati roped in Rediffusion DYR's advertising head Sandeep Goyal for a salary that far exceeded Rs 1 crore. "This was also the time when professionals had quit in favour of start-ups and the banking and financial services sector, along with telecom, was taking off," says K Sudarshan of EMA Partners. People like Girish Rangan who had worked in Proctor & Gamble, Boots India and Leo Burnett crossed over to telecom for salaries upwards of Rs 1 crore.
THE SLOWDOWN AND THE PAY CUTS
By 2005/06, CEO salaries had again begun a steep climb and the Rs 1 crore figure was passe. The new benchmark was $1 million. Some of it was simply because Indian CEOs now needed to operate in global markets as well, and this had a trigger effect on the salaries. "We in India are globally competitive in terms of CEO salaries and many have globally benchmarked salaries? a million-dollar salary is not at all unusual," says GV Prasad, CEO, Dr Reddy's.
The decade also saw the rise in the salaries of promoter CEOs. As a group, promoter CEOs were in general better paid than their professional counterparts, but the salaries of promoters went up exponentially only in mid-2000. It would take the 2009 global financial bust before CEO salary growth started slowing down again.
The remuneration of MUKESH AMBANI, CMD, RIL, rose from Rs 9.6 crore in 2001/02 to Rs 44 crore in 2007/08, after which he took a massive pay cut. His pay since 2008/09 is fixed at Rs 15 crore
In fact, in the slowdown following the global financial crisis, many promoter CEOs took hefty paycuts. Mukesh Ambani voluntarily cut his salary by half. Naveen Jindal slashed his salary even more, and several others took pay cuts in the top rung.
In 2009, the variable component of the salary for many professional CEOs also fell sharply. This was the year when people realised that variable structure was indeed variable! "This was the year of downturn and many people did not get their bonus and variable end of the salary structure," says Anita Ramachandran of Cerebrus Consultants, one of the oldest talent search firms in India. Though India Inc has consistently marched ahead on having lesser percentage of pay structures towards fixed, this was the first time their compensation was being withheld.
For many of the promoter CEOs though, the pay cuts did not materially affect their income or wealth. Many promoters received dividends worth crores from their shares, and their dividend income was often vastly in excess of their salaries. Even more important, much of their wealth was derived from the value of the stock they held. Even Murthy could afford to take just Rs 1 as his salary during his comeback because his family's shares in Infosys was worth well over $1 billion.
LAGGING BEHIND GLOBAL COUNTERPARTS
Despite the skyrocketing salaries, the overall compensation of even the highest paid Indian CEOs lag behind their US counterparts, largely because of the differences in the scale of operations. For example, Sikka may well be the best paid Indian tech CEO, but his salary is still small potatoes compared to the salaries of the top tech CEOs in the US, most of whom boast salaries (including bonuses) in excess of $30 million annually. Similarly, Wall Street and Hedge Fund bonuses completely dwarf the compensation of top Indian financial services companies.
But despite the differences in amounts, in many cases the Indian compensation structuring has followed the lead of US companies. Some of this has happened because multinationals have tried to follow the same pay structures across regions.
Executives who earned at least a crore in 2013-14
Pallavi Kathuria of Egon Zehnder, a leadership search firm, says: "The last few years has seen a clear standardization of compensation packagages, based on levels, in most multinational organisations." This means that in regions contributing to similar revenues, the stark differences in pay packages is thinning. She does put a rider though: "The difference, of course, is on the size of business and the geographical area under control," she says.
Egon Zehnder points out that sometimes organisations tend to compensate new CEOs for unvested stocks and other benefits that they are leaving behind, but these differences tend to even out in three years. But at any rate, CEOs today are being sought that can have their 'skin in the game'. Here, naturally, they are given stock options, or in some cases, even put in some kind of sweat equity that get compensated when the company is listed. Here again India is miming trend of the developed markets, but not the whole hog. "We still notice that CEOs are not as willing to take a hair-cut or forgo on their fixed pay as much as those in Silicon Valley," says Kathuria.
True. CEO compensation structure is moving away from fixed pay towards variable and long-term incentives (LTIs), but it is still not a vastly changed equation in the last five years. Aon Hewitt data show that in 2010 CEO salaries were structured with 55 per cent towards fixed pay, 25 per cent in variable and the balance 20 per cent being LTIs. In 2014 this mix has shifted a bit with 50 per cent being fixed, 20 per cent being variable and 30 per cent being LTIs. Also, the fixed pay has gone up in the range of 8.5-9.5 per cent and the variable pay has risen in the range of 12.5-13.5 per cent. But even with all this, the difference between salaries of Indian and global CEOs remains.
Comparison of Indian and global CEO salaries
While some of the old perks remain, changing tax structures and market realities have also made some old perks less attractive. Today, it is not uncommon to find CEOs who buy fancy houses in tony residential addresses on their own steam and live it up. "Earlier, companies could lure and retain talent by giving them houses. But with availability of housing loans and supply of residential properties, companies too realised they were sitting with huge real estate in their book and having to worry of maintenance," observes Anshuman Magazine, Chairman and MD (South-Asia) of CBRE, a real estate services firm.
Also, signing bonuses are becoming common. "In the last year or so even Indian companies when they hire give a massive signing bonus. No senior person will jump unless there is a big bonus commensurate to your packet size," says Devraj Sanyal, MD (South Asia), Universal Music.
Not just that, "There is bonus, grand slam and stock options," he says. CEOs get 100 per cent bonus if they meet the full target (bonus is usually 40 per cent of the compensation). "Every CEO and MD is incentivised to go well beyond the plan. The Grand Slam is if you hit your target numbers three years in a row then there is a big pot of gold sitting somewhere. Grand Slam is more of an anti-attrition retention tool to keep the big boys locked in so that they don't jump," he says.
Golden parachutes (the hefty severance pay) that was an innovation of the US has made its way to the country as well. According to sources, two media heads have walked away this year with exit salaries of Rs 58 crore and Rs 87 crore.
And with sweat equity and skin in the game, the relationship between promoters and the top professionals is also changing. Promoters such as GV Sanjay Reddy, Vice Chairman, GVK, readily acknowledge that the real concept of CEO has evolved. "They have become partners in business and is not quite like the earlier purely employee-owner relationship and, therefore, their compensation is heavily linked to their performance," he says.
In fact, the promoter-employee relationship can change because of a number of factors. Take the case of A Mahendran, former MD, Godrej Consumer, who came to work for the Godrej group in 1994 when Godrej bought Transelektra. "I joined Godrej by selling my business Goodknight to them. They wanted me to run the business. I ran it on contract basis. Mine was not sweat equity, but equity that I put with cash. I participated in the equity as per the valuation," he says. This meant that he operated like an entrepreneur with a minority stake in the joint venture business. In 2010, when Sara Lee exited the venture, it was merged with Godrej Consumer Products and Mahendran became the MD of Godrej Consumer Products. He eventually exited in 2013, but still continues as non-executive director.
EQUALS? NOT EXACTLY
Despite CEO salaries rising rapidly in general, not all industries tend to compensate similarly. And even though there has been a certain standardisation of structure of compensation, there is little correlation of pay packages and size of company.
CEO pay vis-Ã -vis employee salaries and net profit
Click here to Enlarge
In theory, there should be a strong correlation between company pay and performance and the size of the company. But that is becoming less and less true both globally and in India. "Our data shows that in India, historically, the extent of correlation between these two factors has been far lower (and almost negligible) compared to developed economies," says Anandorup Ghose, Performance and Rewards Consulting Practice Leader at Aon Hewitt India.
According to Ghosh, pay at the executive level here has always been driven by the incumbent than the size of the role. For instance, YC Deveshwar as Chairperson of ITC gets to take home around Rs 11.28 crore for a company that generates over Rs 48,000 crore in revenue. This is close to what Zubair Ahmed of GSK Consumer Products gets to take home - Rs 10.79 crore on revenues of Rs 5,351 crore. In the automotive segment, Pawan Munjal gets Rs 37.88 crore on revenues of Rs 27,710 crore and that is not too far apart from what Onkar Kanwar takes - Rs 30.40 crore on revenues of Rs 9,794 crore.
CEO SALARY AND SHAREHOLDER ACTIVISM
While CEO salaries recommended by the board or compensation committees have generally tended to sail through in India, of late, there is a rising trend of shareholder activism for compensation packages which are seen to be out of line with overall performance. In July, for the first time this year, the proposal on Tata Motors was rejected and it actually turned to be an outlier in the melee.
Tata Motors is the only instance that did not even get the required 75 per cent votes in postal ballot to give a bonus to the legal heir of former MD Karl Slym (who is part of our best paid professional CEO list and who died in January this year) and two other directors. Tata Motors had not posted great results and that could have been one reason for this.
The Tata Motors case was unique because even the proxy advisory firms had not opposed it. "We did not oppose the proposal of Tata Motors," says Shriram Subramanian of InGovern. Despite that, it still did not get the requisite votes to go through.
According to both proxy firms, Tata Motors deserved to have its proposal approved as these were executive directors and not promoters. Also, the company had sufficient profit and revenues that merited its proposal. Also, the compensation was in line with industry standards.
In other cases though, salary proposals went through despite stiff opposition. In June this year, Marico faced resistance as proxy firm Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IIAS) opposed the stock option plan of Marico's new MD and CEO Saugata Gupta for 2014. Marico board sought to grant stock options of up to 0.5 per cent to Gupta.
IIAS was of the view that at the then prevailing share price of Rs 237, the total cost of the scheme amounted to Rs 761 million. That was equivalent to 13.2 per cent of the financial year 2014 net profit. Also, Marico had not disclosed the period over which the company will grant stock options to Gupta. However, Gupta's compensation finally got the desired votes. Suzlon and Apollo Tyres also saw compensation challenges, though in both cases the proposals finally went through.
The new Companies Act is likely to bring more changes to the CEO compensation story. "The new Act puts the onus of succession on the board. Also, it fundamentally alters the way this issue is viewed, making them accountable," says Hemant Upadhyay, Managing Consultant and Leader of Executive Rewards Practice at Hay Group India. But veteran market observers and analysts such as Prithvi Haldea are not convinced. "We have many laws. A company that wants to follow the law will do so. Those wanting to flout them will find loopholes," he says.
With inputs from E Kumar Sharma and Ajita Shashidhar

3 Muslims and a Buddhist in BJPs second J&K list of4Print
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:30 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:38 pm
The BJP has released a second list of four candidates for the first phase of J&K assembly elections scheduled for November 25. On Sunday, the BJP had issued a list of 45 candidates, including 13 Muslims.
The second list was announced by BJP national general secretary J P Nadda. Three of the four candidates announced are Muslim; one is Buddhist.
The Ganderbal seat will be contested by old BJP hand Sheikh Abdul Rashid, who joined the party in 1996, and contested the Ganderbal seat in 2002. Sheikh Abdul Rashid is now in charge of party affairs in South Kashmir.
From Bandipore, the BJP has given the ticket to Nazir Ahmad Tekri, 43, a Gujjar who became part of the BJP after Subramanian Swamy’s Janta Party merged with the BJP last year. Tekri was general secretary of Swamy’s party and is now in charge of the BJP in Bandipore.
The Kargil ticket has gone to Munshi Abdul Aziz, member of a respected political family of Kargil, and the son of former National Conference minister Munshi Habibullah.
Munshi Abdul Aziz was a senior official of the state government and has joined the BJP recently. The BJP has no base in Muslim-dominated Kargil; however, thousands of people attended Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s rally there in August, giving the BJP hope.
For the Zanskar seat, the BJP has nominated Stazin Lapka, a Buddhist. The BJP is banking on a division of Muslim votes at this seat. In the 2008 assembly elections, both the Kargil and Zanskar seats were won by the NC.

BSP to go it alone in J&K  Jharkhand Assembly polls:MayawatiPrint
BSP supremo Mayawati also attacked the BJP-led Government on bringing back black money stashed abroad.
By: Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:30 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:34 pm
Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati on Wednesday said her party will go it alone in the Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand.
“BSP would contest the coming Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand alone like it did in Haryana and Maharashtra recently,” she told reporters here.
When asked about her party’s dismal performance in Haryana and Maharashtra Assembly elections, the former Uttar Pradesh chief minister said parties other than BSP also could not get enough success as the people “fell prey to the appeals” of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who sought more time from them to judge the performance of his government.
Mayawati hit out at the BJP-led Government saying that the party is garnering votes in the Assembly elections on the pretext of seeking more time to prove themselves, but their reality will soon come to fore.
She alleged that despite the promise to launch Clean Ganga campaign on war footing nothing has been done so far and to divert people’s attention from it a “drama” is being enacted with the Prime Minister visiting Varanasi on November 7.
The BSP supremo also attacked the BJP-led Government on bringing back black money stashed abroad and controlling inflation.

3 Muslims and a Buddhist in BJP s second J&K list of 4Print
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:30 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:38 pm
The BJP has released a second list of four candidates for the first phase of J&K assembly elections scheduled for November 25. On Sunday, the BJP had issued a list of 45 candidates, including 13 Muslims.
The second list was announced by BJP national general secretary J P Nadda. Three of the four candidates announced are Muslim; one is Buddhist.
The Ganderbal seat will be contested by old BJP hand Sheikh Abdul Rashid, who joined the party in 1996, and contested the Ganderbal seat in 2002. Sheikh Abdul Rashid is now in charge of party affairs in South Kashmir.
From Bandipore, the BJP has given the ticket to Nazir Ahmad Tekri, 43, a Gujjar who became part of the BJP after Subramanian Swamy’s Janta Party merged with the BJP last year. Tekri was general secretary of Swamy’s party and is now in charge of the BJP in Bandipore.
The Kargil ticket has gone to Munshi Abdul Aziz, member of a respected political family of Kargil, and the son of former National Conference minister Munshi Habibullah.
Munshi Abdul Aziz was a senior official of the state government and has joined the BJP recently. The BJP has no base in Muslim-dominated Kargil; however, thousands of people attended Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s rally there in August, giving the BJP hope.
For the Zanskar seat, the BJP has nominated Stazin Lapka, a Buddhist. The BJP is banking on a division of Muslim votes at this seat. In the 2008 assembly elections, both the Kargil and Zanskar seats were won by the NC.

BSP to go it alone in J&K  Jharkhand Assembly polls: MayawatiUpdated: November 11, 2014 19:25 IST
'BSP to go it alone in J&K, Jharkhand polls'
PTI
PTI BSP Chief Mayawati. File photo: PTI
TOPICS
politics
The BSP supremo attacked BJP-led govt. on bringing back black money stashed abroad
Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati on Wednesday said her party will go alone in the Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand.
“BSP would contest the coming Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand alone like it did in Haryana and Maharashtra recently,” she told reporters in Lucknow.
When asked about her party’s dismal performance in Haryana and Maharashtra Assembly elections, the former Uttar Pradesh chief minister said parties other than BSP also could not get enough success as the people “fell prey to the appeals” of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who sought more time from them to judge the performance of his government.
Ms. Mayawati hit out at the BJP-led Government saying that the party is garnering votes in the assembly elections on the pretext of seeking more time to prove themselves, but their reality will soon come to fore.
She alleged that despite the promise to launch Clean Ganga campaign on war footing nothing has been done so far and to divert people’s attention from it a “drama” is being enacted with the Prime Minister visiting Varanasi on November 7.
The BSP supremo also attacked the BJP-led Government on bringing back black money stashed abroad and controlling inflation.

Loop says Bharti Airtel pulls out of dealcompany information
Bharti Airtel had planned to buy Loop’s assets in February, but the deal did not get regulatory approvals.
As many as 30 lakh customers in Mumbai might be left in the lurch after Bharti Airtel did not renew its agreement to buy Loop Mobile due to delay in permission from the Department of Telecom (DoT).
Bharti Telecom was supposed to purchase the crises-hit Loop Mobile’s Mumbai network but the definitive agreement signed between the two expired on October 30 and was not renewed leading to the Rs. 700-crore deal falling through.
Only four weeks are left for Loop’s licence to expire and sources said the reason was “the issue being stuck for approval with the DoT”.
Loop has been facing problems on many fronts beginning with its Dubai-based Khaitan family getting embroiled in the 2G scam and its promoter I.P. Khaitan was also questioned by the CBI. Besides, the company is contesting DoT slapping a notice for Rs. 800 crore in dues.
An industry insider pointed out this is the second time under the new government the DoT has taken inordinate time to give formal approvals. It had not allocated frequency to half a dozen telecom operators who had won it as far back as February and even made the payments. Vodafone’s ultimatum to the government earlier this month played a part in the frequencies being farmed out soon after.
In this case, he felt, it was too late to do anything if Bharti Airtel stuck to its decision not to renew the definitive agreement for sale signed with Loop.
DoT officials directly responsible for the processing could not be reached but another official felt the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India’s observations led to circumspection. Trai had objected to the migration of Loop’s subscribers to Airtel on grounds that the compulsory transfer of customers will break the rules on number portability which advocate voluntary migration.
In addition, for each migration, the recipient company has to pay the one per cent of the porting fee to the Government. This case becomes a bit odd because no porting fees is being charged from the customers. This means that on paper, the government does not get anything from the migration.
If Bharti sticks to its decision, lenders to Loop will be affected, mainly Axis Bank which had quarterbacked a Rs. 350-crore deal and has an exposure of Rs. 215 crore.
PTI adds:
Airtel shares down 3%
Shares of Bharti Airtel fell by nearly 3 per cent after the company called off its plans to acquire business and assets of Loop Mobile.
Stocks of the telecom major fell by 2.70 per cent to settle at Rs 385.30 on the BSE. During the day, it lost 3.33 per cent to Rs 382.80.
At the NSE, it was down 2.29 per cent to end at Rs 386.70.

IOC takes mega insurance cover of Rs 5 000 crore for its refineriesIOC takes mega insurance cover of Rs 5 000 crore for its refineries
HPCL s Q2 results rescheduled on November 13  2014HPCL s Q2 results rescheduled on November 13  2014
Sensex pares gains again after smart recoverySensex pares gains again after smart recovery
IPCA Labs slumps after brokerage downgradeIPCA Labs slumps after brokerage downgrade
India  Russia hold inter-governmental commission meetingIndia  Russia hold inter-governmental commission meeting
Will take up fishermen community s concerns with PM: GadkariWill take up fishermen community s concerns with PM: Gadkari
Senior al Qaeda operative killed in US strike in Yemen: SourcesSenior al Qaeda operative killed in US strike in Yemen: Sources
Bharti Airtel calls off deal to buy LoopBharti Airtel calls off deal to buy Loop
Goodyear India Q2 net up 26%Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Goodyear India Q2 net up 26%
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Tyre maker Goodyear India Ltd today reported a 25.84 per cent increase in its standalone net profit at Rs 25.22 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had posted a standalone net profit of Rs 20.04 crore in the corresponding period last year, Goodyear said in a filing to the BSE.
Total income from operations during the July-September quarter declined marginally to Rs 401.60 crore from Rs 406.53 crore in the year-ago period, it added.
For the first half of 2014-15 fiscal, the company’s standalone net profit increased 23.72 per cent to Rs 82.24 crore from Rs 66.47 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Total income from operations in the first half increased 4.76 per cent to Rs 1,221.22 crore from Rs 1,165.73 crore in the same period last year.
Shares of the company ended at Rs 651 per scrip, down 2.87 per cent from their previous close on the BSE.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Mahindra Holidays travel business taken over by MercuryMahindra Holidays’ travel business taken over by Mercury
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd (MHRIL) has said it will stop providing travel-related services as its travel business has been taken over by Mercury Travels.
“Travel Services will now be availed from Mercury Travels Ltd. As part of the transition, certain corporate clients of the erstwhile travel-related business (TRS) have also agreed to avail the services of Mercury for their travel requirements,” MHRIL informed the BSE.
Yesterday, Club Mahindra, MHRIL’s flagship brand had informed its customers that Club Mahindra travel business has been taken over by Mercury Travels Ltd.
“Mercury Travels team will start accepting all your travel-related queries with immediate effect at the above number,” Club Mahindra had said.
MHRIL had further said, “As part of the overall strategy, the company has decided not to provide travel-related services to its vacation ownership members, employees and other corporate clients.” MHRIL, which operates 40 resorts across India and abroad, has 1,75,000 vacation ownership members.
Shares of the company were trading at Rs 284.00 per scrip on the BSE, down 1.47 per cent from its previous close.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Plane turbulence injures 4 Air France cabin crewTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Air France says that a flight bound for New York’s JFK airport was forced to turn around shortly after leaving Paris after severe turbulence injured four cabin crew members.
According to a statement, the incident took place this afternoon when flight AF006 encountered bad weather “at the beginning of the cruise phase.”
The plane turned back and landed at Charles de Gaulle airport, where medical assistance was provided to the crew members. It wasn’t immediately clear how serious their injuries were.
No passengers were injured.
TAGS: Air France Air France Injured Four Cabin Crew Air France News Air France Turbulence
More from companies

Rupee trims its initial losses vs dollarUpdated: November 3, 2014 12:07 IST
Rupee trims its initial losses vs dollar
PTI
AP The rupee declined to Rs. 61.51 in early trade on Monday
TOPICS
currency values
Down by 10 points
The Indian rupee trimmed its initial losses against the American currency but was still quoted down by 10 paise to 61.46 per dollar on some demand from banks and importers in view of firm dollar in the overseas market.
The rupee resumed lower at 61.50 per dollar as against the last closing level of 61.36 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) Market and moved down further to 61.51 per dollar on initial dollar demand from banks on the back of higher dollar in the global market.
However, it trimmed its initial losses and was quoted at 61.46 per dollar in view of good foreign capital inflows into equity market.
It hovered in a range of 61.46-61.51 per dollar during the morning trade.
The Indian benchmark sensex declined by 15.20 points or 0.05 per cent to 27,850.63 at 1000hrs, after hitting an all-time high of 27,969.82 in the early trade.
In New York market, the U.S. dollar hit its highest level against the yen in nearly seven years on last Friday, after the Bank of Japan unexpectedly announced new measures to spur Japanese growth.
Meanwhile, oil prices were mixed in Asia today as dealers focused on a slew of global manufacturing data for clues about demand growth, while a strong dollar capped any gains, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for December delivery fell four cents to USD 80.50 while Brent crude for December was up four cents at USD 85.90 in mid-morning trade.

Oil marketing companies reluctant to hedge oil purchasesNEW DELHI, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 23:30 IST
Oil marketing companies reluctant to hedge oil purchases
Reuters
oil and gas - upstream activities
Private companies Reliance and Essar Oil use hedging tools to lock in costs
State refiners are reluctant to follow the Reserve Bank of India advice to hedge part of the country’s $165 billion annual oil import bill, fearing administrative action if they suffer losses, refinery sources said.
Officials in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government on Monday discussed the idea, which is part of a push by Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan to make Asia’s No.3 economy less vulnerable to external shocks.
India is the world’s fourth-largest oil consumer and imports 3.8 million barrels a day of crude. Any spike in oil prices can drive up the current-account deficit and inflation — both chronic ills that have long hobbled the country’s development.
The idea of buying insurance against a possible oil price rally comes onto the agenda as oil prices touch four-year lows. But the dominant state refiners are reluctant to hedge due to the political fallout that any wrong-way bets could trigger.
“The RBI has suggested that we should hedge our crude purchases... I doubt state refiners will be doing it. It is very risky for them,’’ said one source with direct knowledge of the meeting.
Further discussions could follow Monday’s get-together between Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra, officials from the Finance Ministry and Mr. Modi's Cabinet Secretary, the country’s most senior bureaucrat, this source said.
Officials at the oil and finance ministries and the RBI could not be reached for comment because of a public holiday.
State-owned Indian Oil Corp, Bharat Petroleum Corp , Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals together control about 60 per cent of 4.3 million bpd in refining capacity.
Privately owned competitors Reliance Industries and Essar Oil both use hedging tools to lock in costs, as and when the opportunity arises on the international market.
India wants state refiners to capitalise on the falling oil prices, which, at $82 a barrel for Brent crude, are at their lowest since October 2010, to lock in their supply costs. Some already hedge their refining margins.
Only last month, Mr. Modi deregulated diesel prices that the prior government had subjected to state controls to blunt the impact of a previous oil rally on Indian drivers and truckers.
The policy will reduce costly fuel subsidies but also expose state-owned refiners to greater market risks on the refined products they sell in addition to the cost of the crude they process.
A parliamentary panel last year had raised questions over state refiners’ reluctance to hedge imports.
“It is a risky affair. So, at times it can work in your favour, but many times it can work against you. If it goes against you, then you are answerable to all kinds of queries,’’ R. K. Singh, the then-Chairman of Bharat Petroleum, said at the time.
Sources at refining companies said they can hedge oil purchases to the extent of their physical transactions, but unlike private refiners, they lack the flexibility and appetite to absorb losses if their bets go wrong.
“My finances will be immediately affected if we make losses in hedging ... I am already depending on government subsidies for my operations,’’ an executive at IOC said.
Indian state refiners on average buy 80 per cent of their oil import needs through term contracts and the balance through spot purchases.
Traders and private companies can absorb some of the losses and they adequately reward their staff if they make a profit, said a source at one of the state refiners.
“But for us, we have two sides of the transaction — a minus and a plus. Plus is your duty and minus is a penalty,’’ he said.

Republicans win control of U.S. SenateUpdated: November 6, 2014 07:47 IST
Republicans seize U.S. Senate
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, joined by his wife, former Labor Secretary Elaine Chao, celebrates with his supporters in Louisville, Kentucky on Tuesday. Photo: AP
VIDEO
election
In a significant blow for U.S. President Barack Obama and the Democratic Party, Americans chose to hand over total control of Capitol Hill to Republicans in Tuesday’s midterm elections after the latter secured the six additional seats they needed to hold the Senate, along with one additional seat in the upper house of Congress and a stronger grip on the House of Representatives.
In a media interview Representative Steve Israel, Chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, described the election as “a pretty ugly night” for Democrats, a reference to the fact that Republicans will dominate both chambers of Congress for the first time since 2006.
By Wednesday morning local time Republicans were holding on to all the seats that they were defending, including tight races in Georgia and Kansas, and by mopping up at least 52 seats in the Senate, Kentucky’s Mitch McConnell won the title of Senate Majority Leader.
Contrarily Democrats faced a crushing defeat across states, losing seats in Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Montana, North Carolina, South Dakota, and West Virginia.
With the Grand Old Party’s dramatic win across the nation, including numerous gubernatorial and state house victories, cross-party bridge-building will become an inescapable reality for Mr. Obama and his colleagues, given the range of policies for which he will need Congressional support, including for immigration reform and key personnel appointments.
Responding to a question from The Hindu during a briefing at the Washington Foreign Press Center Alan Lichtman, Distinguished Professor of History at American University, said that immigration reform, currently languishing on the floor of the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, may actually see a fillip if the conservatives gain control of the Senate too.
Congress would find it harder to “duck” the issue in that case, he suggested, although it still remained unclear whether the comprehensive reform package passed by the Senate’s “Gang of Eight,” including proposals that could potentially hurt Indian companies operating here, would be acceptable to a reconstituted Senate.
While Mr. Obama has on occasion sought to bypass a gridlocked Congress on specific policies using Executive Orders, including on deferred deportation of certain undocumented minors, failure to create an atmosphere of cooperation with a potentially Republican-dominated Senate could also endanger senior appointments that the White House is seeking to make in the short-term.
There is already a long line of names for those still awaiting Senate confirmation, notable among which are those of Indian-Americans Richard Verma, Mr. Obama’s nominee for Ambassador to India, and Vivek Murthy, the President’s nominee for the role of Surgeon-General.

Brent slips toward $82 | Gold dips to 4-year lowBrent drops toward $82 on weak China data, supply glut
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.08AM IST
0
Share More
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after previous data.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude dropped towards $82 a barrel on Wednesday, stretching losses into a fifth session, as weak economic data from top energy consumer China stoked worries about demand in a market that is already battling a deepening global supply glut.
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after previous data revealed sluggish factory growth in the world's second largest economy.
"We had expected this," said Avtar Sandu, senior manager for commodities at Phillip Futures of the Chinese data. "The market is already soft for Brent and the Chinese data is not going to help although the numbers are not a surprise."
Brent fell 43 cents to $82.39 a barrel by 0610 GMT.
U.S. crude slipped 17 cents to $77.02, coming off a low of $75.84 hit in the previous session - its weakest since October 2011 - after data showed crude stocks unexpectedly fell last week as refineries boosted output.
U.S. crude stocks fell 639,000 barrels to 374.9 million in the week to Oct. 31, compared with analysts' expectations for a increase of 2.2 million barrels, data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute showed on Tuesday.
The market is now waiting for weekly inventory data from the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) later in the day for more clues on demand in the world's top oil consumer.
Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic lost more than 2 percent overnight after Saudi Arabia cut export prices to the United States threatening to deepen a global supply glut that has driven prices down 30 percent since June.
A bleak outlook for Europe after the European Commission downgraded its forecast for euro zone economic growth over the next few years also weighed on oil prices.
"The downgraded forecast in Europe is not really a surprise but it is a reminder that there is a risk," said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney on how the weak economic outlook could crimp demand.
"I think we are in a situation where the oil price needs to fall to a level where it actually results in supply changes. But what that level is, is what everybody is asking."
Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi is making his first visits in years to fellow exporters Venezuela and Mexico, although tumbling oil prices are not the stated purpose of the trip, according to officials and sources.
Still, the travel plans come at a pivotal moment for Saudi Arabia and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which meets later in November to discuss how to respond to the rout in global oil prices.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Ipca Labs cracks 15%; CS cuts rating on stockCredit Suisse downgrades Ipca Labs; stock plunges 15%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 10.56AM IST
Tags:
Credit Suisse
(Credit Suisse is of the view…)
MUMBAI: Shares of pharmaceutical company Ipca Laboratories plunged nearly 15 per cent in trade after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to 'Underperform' from 'Neutral' and lowered its target price.
According to the brokerage, adverse FDA action is likely at the company's Ratlam API and Indore SEZ plant. The 483 observations are critical and may delay US sales recovery, it said.
Credit Suisse is of the view that there are 6 observations on Indore SEZ in Form 483 out of which 2 are critical observations.
The company had received inspection observations in Form 483 from the USFDA in the month of July. Following the observations, API shipments to the US market were temporarily suspended from its Ratlam plant.
The brokerage has lowered its target price to Rs 600 from Rs 740 post critical 483 observations
At 09:30 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 668, down 10.49 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 14.91 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 635.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat: Govt plans new garbage segregation norms | Wants clean schoolsNarendra Modi government considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Swachh Bharat mission
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 02.19PM IST
Tags:
BIS
(There is also a proposal…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cleanliness drive under the Swachh Bharat mission.
"There are no norms for garbage disposal ... Such standards are required as they would ensure that effective systems are put in place for segregation and disposal of garbage," said a senior government official, privy to the deliberation on the matter.
The issue had figured in discussions at the first meeting of the high-level inter-ministerial group of consumer advocacy chaired by the consumer affairs secretary.
The Department of Consumer Affairs has already directed the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) to formulate quality assurance and process standards for potable water supplied through pipelines by municipal and government agencies, street food and garbage disposal, the official told ET.
There is also a proposal to set up a dedicated group at the BIS to ensure that these standards are not just formulated, but also implemented effectively.
India had put in place a solidwaste management policy in 2000 at the behest of the Supreme Court, but it was restricted to class-I cities. Municipal bodies have to carry out waste disposal as per these guidelines. Garbage disposal, however, remains an issue in many cities.
"A mandatory standard prescribing segregation and disposal of garbage is necessary if the country has to move towards the cleanliness as is envisaged under the (Swachh Bharat) mission," the official said. Rules are required for transport of drinking water and street food as well, he said.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India is already working on improving quality of street food on the lines of the successful Gujarat model. Countrywide standards are expected to provide a benchmark.
The group proposed to be set up under the BIS would work in close coordination with the food safety body, health ministry and the departments of rural development and Panchayati Raj. "The idea is to draw up a time-bound rollout plan for the formulation and enforcement of these standards," the official said.
Modi had unveiled the clean India drive on October 2.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharti Airtel calls off Rs 700-cr deal to bu...Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The country's No. 1 telecom carrier Bharti Airtel has scrapped its Rs 700 crore-deal to buy the subscribers and assets of Loop Mobile over delay in government approval, bringing the curtains down on what would have been India's first M&A in the sector since 2008.
Airtel's proposed deal with Mumbai-based Loop had been awaiting clearance for over eight months. The scrapping of the pact will affect some 120,000 subscribers of Loop as the operator's licence is set to expire this month.
"Loop had late last evening sent us an email noting that DoT (department of telecommunication) approvals had yet not been received and had also noted that it was way beyond the time envisaged for securing such an approval," Bharti Airtel said in a statement to the stock exchanges late on Wednesday.
"In light of this update, and the fact that Loop's mobile licence is set to expire at the end of the month, we have decided to terminate the discussions with regard to the transaction for acquiring the subscribers of Loop," the company added.
Shares in Airtel, which could have overtaken Vodafone to lead the lucrative Mumbai by user base if the deal had gone through speedily, ended the day down 2.7% at Rs 385 a piece on the news.
Surya Mahadevan, chief operating officer of Loop, said Bharti Airtel's decision will cause a huge loss to the company, which won't be able to migrate its subscribers to Airtel as originally planned. Loop, owned by the Khaitan family, had hoped to repay its creditors with part of the deal proceeds.
All customers of 20-year-old Loop must port out of the network by November 29, when operations must be terminated, he added. The closure of business also means curtains to a job for Loop's 10 senior management staff and some 190 employees. Mahadevan said movement of the employees was never on the cards. Moreover, no termination settlement is on the cards as of now, he added.
At the time the deal was signed, Loop had about 750 employees, and negotiations were on to include some staff transfer to Airtel. The technology, network maintenance and relationship teams were particularly hopeful of getting transfer packages, said a senior staffer. Yet, since the deal was signed, the fear was that most would be left without jobs, which led to a mass exodus from the company earlier this year.
Loop had, on March 10, sought deal clearance from DoT to sell its subscribers -three million at that time - and its network assets via a slump sale. The transaction, however, fell foul with the sector regulator and, subsequently, the DoT, which raised concerns that it would flout mobile number portability (MNP) rules and cause a revenue loss to the government as the users wouldn't be paying the stipulated Rs19 fee to change operators, as stipulated under MNP. DoT also says Loop owes it some Rs800 crore, a matter which is in the courts.
Loop wrote to DoT in mid-October, by when its subscriber base had dwindled to about 1,200,000—seeking speedy clearance of the deal and offered to limit the agreement to just a transfer of its subscribers, as there wasn't enough time for it to transfer it network equipment before the November 29 deadline. It also agreed to pay the porting charges for customers who wanted to move to another operator, including Airtel.
To this day, the deal is still awaiting clearance, and its failure reflects poorly for the telecom sector that begs consolidation, experts said.
"Its failure is yet another sign that telcos will have to survive or die based on promoters' will to invest," said a company official.
Arpita Agrawal, telecom leader at PwC India, said that post MNP, the government should set out clear rules on how customers, who form one of the key components of M&A should move from one company to another. "This post-MNP clarity is critical for future deals to happen in India," she said.
Speaking at the India Economic Summit on Wednesday, Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said he had set up a panel to revisit policies, including whether there is a need to re-look at the mergers and acquisition guidelines.
That's, however, in the medium term, at the earliest. For now, it's a grim future for Loop.
"It was too late for Bharti to get value from this deal at this time," said a person close to the dealings between the companies. Banks have lost Rs 700 crore because of Trai and DoT. It was a golden opportunity for DoT to create proper exit procedures for telcos in India," this person said.
Loop will now begin a winding up process, during which banks will sell off assets that were mortgaged to recover debt. For one, Axis Bank had told the telecom department that non-clearance of the deal could result in the lender's Rs 215-crore outstanding to Loop turning non-performing. IDBI Bank and IDFC also had a combined exposure of Rs 150 crore.
An official date for the legal process to begin has not been decided yet. "We don't have full visibility of what will happen to the assets of the company," Loop's Mahadevan said.
For Sandip Basu, chief executive of Loop, who was brought in by the company's promoters for his proficiency in striking takeover deals, the final salvage with Airtel was "redemption of sorts", said a person close to the development. In an interview shortly after the deal, Basu had termed himself a "professional entrepreneur", stating that Loop still had a future, given its promoters were retaining the brand.
Basu could not be reached for comment.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Countries must refrain from hosting terrorist acts: Rajnath SinghBy: Press Trust of India | Monaco | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:15 pm
In a veiled attack on Pakistan, India has said nations must refrain from hosting and encouraging terror activities and ensure that their territories are not used for setting up terrorist training camps.
Addressing the 83rd General Assembly of Interpol in Monaco on Monday, Home Minister Rajnath Singh also said lifting banking secrecy and corporate veil in corruption and terrorist-related cases would go a long way in bringing the criminals to book.
“States must refrain from organising, instigating, facilitating, participating in, financing, encouraging or tolerating terrorist activities,” he said.
The Home Minister said countries must take appropriate measures to ensure that their territories are not used for setting up terrorist infrastructures or training camps.
Singh called on governments across the globe to collectively address the issue of safe havens for organised criminal and terrorist groups.
“Governments across the world have to recognise the need to collectively address the issue of safe havens for organised criminal and terrorist groups, their illicit operations, and their tainted money,” he said.
The Home Minister recollected that the horrific event of 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York brought home to the western world its devastating consequences and changed the world profoundly thereafter.
“The outlook of developed nations towards terrorist groups changed drastically and they woke up to the threat with which India is grappling with since early 1980s. India believes that there is a need for far greater vigilance and stricter provisions so as to make off-shore jurisdiction more transparent,” he said.
Rajnath’s comments came a day after the Pentagon told the US Congress that Pakistan is using militant groups as proxies to counter the superior Indian military.
“Afghan-and Indian-focused militants continue to operate from Pakistan territory to the detriment of Afghan and regional stability. Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India’s superior military,” the Pentagon said in its latest six-monthly report.

Diamond trading hub in Mumbai: Does it make ...A diamond trading hub in Mumbai? Does it make the cut?
Sutanuka Ghosal, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Diamond
(The proposed hub will allow…)
Diamond could become a little cheaper for Indian buyers if the government allows setting up of a trading hub in Mumbai. With diamond miners like De Beers, Rio Tinto and Alrosa keen on dealing directly with India - which cuts and polishes nearly 85% of the world's rough diamonds - the government is exploring the possibility of setting up a trading hub. A clear picture on the matter will emerge only after a meeting between the industry and Union commerce secretary Rajeev Kher on November 21. The industry expects the secretary to review the status of the gem and jewellery special economic zones (SEZ), which have been witnessing a gradual decline in business. Pankaj Parekh, vice-chairman of the Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC), said the Bharat Diamond Bourse in Mumbai has agreed to provide space for diamond trading."This will be treated as a notified zone. If this takes shape, then India's diamond trade will not have to deal with traders in Antwerp and Dubai. It will bring down their procuring cost," he told ET.
"Consumers will be benefitted as diamond will become cheaper as raw material cost will come down. Middlemen will also disappear from the trade."
Now auctions take place in Antwerp, Dubai and Israel and Indian traders participate in those auctions to buy rough stones. The proposed hub will allow local players to buy directly from miners, said GJEPC chairman Vipul Shah. Foreign miners now can't directly participate in local trade. India had imported 744.75 lakh carats of diamond worth Rs 56,471.46 crore in the first six months of the current fiscal year that started in April.
Meanwhile, the diamond industry is concerned about dwindling exports from SEZs. In the first six months of the fiscal year, exports from these industrial parks dropped nearly 23% to Rs 11,299.67 crore.There are eight SEZs in the country that export jewellery - in Nodia, Mumbai, Jaipur, Surat, Hyderabad, Kochi, Kolkata and Visakhapatnam. Consultancy firm Accenture, which GJEPC had hired to prepare a roadmap to turnaround SEZs, had identified policy paralysis and business hurdles as the main reasons for the drop in exports. Exports from SEZs are not counted under India's 80:20 rule and this made procurement of gold from nominated import agencies difficult for units in these parks. Under the rule, agencies have to ensure that 20% of the gold they import is exported after value addition, such as by turning them into jewellery. Since exports from SEZs are excluded under this rule, the agencies charge high premium from such units to provide gold. SEZbased manufacturers who require small quantities of gold - for instance, makers of diamond-studded jewellery - are affected by this as they find it difficult to get gold from importing agencies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After Wagah blast  Pakistan Taliban group vows to  take revenge  on Narendra ModiTaliban group vows to take revenge on Modi
Reuters  Peshawar, Pakistan, November 05, 2014
First Published: 12:55 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 11:52 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
A new Pakistani Taliban group behind this week's devastating suicide bombing on the Wagah border said on Wednesday the attack was as much aimed at India as Pakistan, suggesting that Indian targets might be next.
At least 57 Pakistanis were killed during the flag-lowering ceremony on Sunday when a bomber tried to get as close as possible to the border in a possible attempt to cause casualties on the Indian side as well.
Ehsanullah Ehsan, a prominent militant and spokesperson for the group, Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA), said he had warned Prime Minister Narendra Modi that attacks in India were in the pipeline.
"I have already conveyed it to Modi ... that if our suicide bombers can carry out attacks on this side of the border, they can easily do it on other side of the border in India," he told Reuters by telephone from an undisclosed location.
"I told him that his hands are red with the blood of Kashmiri mujahideen (fighters) and innocent people of Gujarat for which he would have to pay the price."
He earlier tweeted in English: "You (Modi) are the killer of hundreds of Muslims. We wl (will) take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gugrat" (sic). An Indian intelligence official said the account appeared genuine.
Ehsan said however that the Sunday attack was specifically aimed at the Pakistani military.
"We have proudly stated that our target was the Pakistani security forces and their installations in which we succeeded," Ehsan told Reuters.
The central Pakistani Taliban group, known as the TTP, has effectively disintegrated this year and split into a range of smaller groups such as TTP-JA who appear to be exploiting their ties to al Qaeda to broaden their mission beyond Pakistan.
Ehsan said that unlike the TTP's narrow focus on war in the tribal areas on the Afghan border, his outfit sought to attack countries around the region. "The TTP focuses on Pakistan only, while we have a global agenda of jihad and therefore we have people from all over the world including the Arab and Western world for this mission."
Al Qaeda threat
TTP-JA has announced its support for the Middle Eastern group Islamic State, whose belligerent anti-Western ideology has begun to inspire militants across South Asia.
The group's openly anti-Indian rhetoric differs from that of the mainstream Pakistani Taliban, who are mainly focused on their insurgency against Pakistani security forces in the volatile tribal northwest of the country.
Further unnerving India, al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri, said to be close to TTP-JA, has announced the creation of a South Asia wing of al Qaeda, threatening to stage attacks on countries across the subcontinent.
The new group's first major attack was a botched attempt in September to hijack a Pakistani warship and attack a US navy vessel at a base near the port city of Karachi.
On Tuesday, Indian navy withdrew two warships from Kolkata after intelligence agencies warned of an attack on the port and the city.

Sensex hits 28K  ends 55 points up | Top bets that can return over 70%You are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex, Nifty hit fresh record high; top 10 intraday trading ideas
ET Now Nov 5, 2014, 03.49PM IST
Tags:
Adani Power Ltd
(At 11:30 a.m.; the 30-share…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 146 points in trade on Wednesday to hit its fresh lifetime high of 28006.60, led by gains in ICICI Bank , ITC, Sun Pharma and SBI.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index managed to climbed nearly 40 points to touch its fresh record highs of 8363.95, supported by gains in banks, FMCG, pharma and IT stocks.
At 3:10 pm, the Sensex was at 27,9120.21; up 51.83 points. It touched an all-time high of 28,006.60 in early trade.
The 50-stock Nifty was at 8,336.70; up 12.55 points. It touched an all-time high of 8,363.65 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
IndusInd Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 745 and a stop loss of Rs 710
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 365 and a stop loss of Rs 347
Yes Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 715 and a stop loss of Rs 680
BPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 765 and a stop loss of Rs 730
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
GMR Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 24.50 and a stop loss of Rs 21.90
Adani Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 53 and a stop loss of Rs 47.80
Jain Irrigations Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 95 and a stop loss of Rs 87
IOC is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 368
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
CESC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 715 and a stop loss of Rs 690
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 110 and a stop loss of Rs 100
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharti Airtel cracks over 3% intraday after it scraps Rs 700-crore deal with Loop MobileBharti Airtel slips over 3% as it scraps Rs 700 crore deal with Loop Mobile
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 03.34PM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(At 03:20 a.m.; Bharti Airtel was…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel Ltd was trading weak in the beginning of the trading session on Wednesday, but extended losses and slipped as much as 3.2 per cent on reports that the telecom major has scrapped its plan to buy business and assets of Mumbai-based Loop Mobile.
At 03:20 a.m.; Bharti Airtel was trading 2.9 per cent lower at Rs 384.10. It hit a low of Rs 382.80 and a high of Rs 400 in trade today.
As part of the deal, Airtel was to get the existing network and around three million customers of Loop Mobile. However, with the delay in transaction Loop's active customer base has already dwindled to 10-12 lac earlier this week, said an ET report.
Bharti Airtel has scrapped its plan to buy business and assets of Mumbai-based Loop Mobile, since the deal remains unapproved by the sector regulator, ET reported quoting Surya Mahadevan, chief operating officer of Loop.
As a result all customers of 20-year-old Loop must port out of the network by November 29 when operations must be terminated, he added. The closure of business also means curtains to a job for Loop's 10 senior management staff and 190 employees. Mahadevan said movement of the employees was never on the cards.
The combined entity was going to put Airtel in the lead position in the Mumbai market where it has for long lagged Vodafone India .
DoT is yet approve the deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 800 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China factory whirs overtime to make EbolasuitsPrint
In this photo taken Thursday, Oct. 30, 2014, a Chinese worker manufactures protection suits that meet the standards for use by healthcare workers treating Ebola patients at a factory of U.S. based Lakeland Industries in Anqiu city in eastern China's Shandong Province. Chinese characters at top reads "Production". Far from the Ebola hot zone, the sewing and gluing machines at a factory in China have been whirring more than usual to produce crucial yellow suits that protect the front-line medics more than 11,000 kilometers (7,000 miles) away in West Africa. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Anqui | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:54 pm
Far from the Ebola hot zone, the sewing and gluing machines at a factory in China have been whirring more than usual to produce crucial yellow suits that protect the front-line medics more than 11,000 kilometers (7,000 miles) away in West Africa.
The Weifang Lakeland Safety Products factory in the eastern Shandong province city of Anqui has 100 workers assembling the now-familiar plastic suits at a rate of about 6,000 per day. The factory plans to double its capacity by January.
In this photo taken Thursday, Oct. 30, 2014, Chinese workers manufacture protection suits that meet the standards for use by healthcare workers treating Ebola patients at a factory of U.S. based Lakeland Industries in Anqiu city in eastern China’s Shandong Province. Far from the Ebola hot zone, the sewing and gluing machines at a factory in China have been whirring more than usual to produce crucial yellow suits that protect the front-line medics more than 11,000 kilometers (7,000 miles) away in West Africa. (Source: AP)
Each is carefully put together by people and machines so that it is completely sealed, because any gap could allow exposure to a deadly illness. Each seam is sewn and then reinforced with a glue strip.
“The double zipper design allows you to open the suit from the continued…

BJP spreading communalism in West Bengal: MamataBanerjeeSpeaking on the Burdwan blast, she said that the Centre is misusing its power to incite communal violence.
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:47 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:49 pm
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said the BJP with the help of CPM is trying to ‘instill communal feeling’ among the people in Bengal and creating the environment conducive for communal riot in the state.
Warning her party men about communal violence in the state, she said, “Do not fall prey to the tactics of those who want to incite riots. Fire of riots will destroy everything. Inform local police stations and send a copy to the party HQ if you witness any untoward incident. I also belong to a Hindu family. My culture teaches me to respect all religions.”
Attacking the Central government she said that since the time the new government assumed office there had been several incidents of riots in several states including Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi.
“Do you know there were communal clashes in Gujarat in September? Are they not ashamed of Babri Masjid demolition and Gujarat riots? There are also reports of communal riots in Delhi. What this government is doing then,” she added.
Speaking on the Burdwan blast, she said that the Centre is misusing its power to incite communal violence. “The Central government is now misusing its power and now it is employing the CPM to destabilise the state,” she added in the meeting.
“There has not been any loss of public life in the blast. People who were making bombs were killed. Property was also not damaged. But the Centre is trying to shape it as the biggest terror plot. Why? They are now misusing their power to malign us. Blaming one community for the fault of one person is not right. Terrorists do not have any religion, caste or creed,” said Banerjee.
“I love Bangladesh. That does not mean I support illegal infiltration. The state does not guard the borders. I have never said that I support infiltrators. Before election they came here and said that they would push back all people from Bangladesh. There are Indian citizens too and they are our people. why should i not protect them,” she asked.
Banerjee on Wednesday held a worker’s meeting at Pailan in south 24 Pargana as a part of her political visit to the districts. Without naming Prime Minister Narendra Modi, she said that the political leaders are only using Facebook and Twitter to say ‘ Today I beat drums, today I played flute’ . She further added that these leaders are beating their own drums in the social media for publicity spending crores.
“I laugh at the tweets and Facebook messages of some political leaders. They tweet all the time and when do they work? For everything, they tweet. Today I played flute, tomorrow I would beat drum, today I meet him, tomorrow I would meet them, these are tweets continued…

Jammu facing huge gap in urban-rural voterturnoutBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:43 pm
Faced with a huge gap in urban-rural voter turnout, Jammu and Kashmir government is all set to launch a massive multi-front campaign by setting up camps in malls, cinema halls and appointing ambassadors in education institutions to convince the voters to poll.
As many as 10,37,191 eligible voters are registered for exercising their right of franchise in 11 Assembly Constituencies in Jammu district at 1,225 polling station in Jammu district on December 20.
“There is a huge gap in urban-rural voter turnout in previous elections, particularity during recently held Parliamentary elections,” District Electoral Officer (DEO) Ajeet Kumar Sahu said.
The state authorities is keen to bridge the gap this time by launching a massive multi-front campaign to reach out to the urban and rural voters, particularly women in Jammu.
In this regard we are setting up facilitation centers in malls, video clips will be shown in cinema halls, signature campaigns will be done in most of the public places, DEO said.
The process of appointing poll ambassadors for campaigns in educational institutions, particularly colleges, have been started, he said.
The Basic facilitation Centers, model polling stations are also being set up, toilets are being made, he said.
As per statistics, total turnout during the polls in Jammu district was 72.78 per cent in 2008 Assembly elections, followed by 50.05 in 2009 Parliamentary elections and 71.45 per cent in 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
Out of this, there was 62.29 per cent as least urban turnout and 74.92 per cent least rural turnout in 2014 LS polls followed by 63.76 per cent as highest urban turnout and 79.62 percent as highest rural turnout.
Out of this, 62.29 per cent was the least urban turnout and 74.92 per cent was the least rural turnout in 2014 LS polls. The highest urban turnout recorded was 63.76 while highest rural turnout was 79.62 per cent.
Similar situation was seen in 2009 LS polls and 2008 Assembly polls.
Not only this, there is also a gap between rural-urban voters in male and female categories.
In urban Jammu, 64.10 per cent men and 61.09 per cent female turnout was reported followed by 76.41 and 77.03 per cent in rural Jammu in 2014 Lok sabha elections.
There has been no difference to this state in rural and urban voter turnout in 2008 Assembly elections and 2009 Lok sabha polls.

String Along: Shenkar  Mike Albert & Lalitha-Nandiniarts, culture and entertainment
World music comes to Kochi on November 7
The concert will be a meeting of musical genres from around the world. It will feature Shenkar’s original compositions, either written or co written by him.
Shenkar (aka L. Shankar) has enthralled audiences and critics across the world as composer, arranger, producer, singer, violinist and performer. He has played with Frank Zappa, Talking Heads, Pete Townsend, Lou Reed, Sting, U2, Madonna and more. He co-founded the famous Shakti with John McLaughlin. Shenkar plays on his own creation, the ten-string stereophonic Double Violin built by Ken Parker. He has worked on numerous soundtracks including Martin Scorsese’s The Last Temptation of Christ and Mel Gibson’s The Passion of the Christ.
Megadeth’s Mike Albert is a famous guitar virtuoso who has also cut several solo albums. In the early 80s, he joined El Chicano, which led to a CBS contract, four hit albums and tours with Chicago, Earth Wind and Fire, Santana, Eric Clapton, Billy Cobham and many others. In 1985, Mike took over as lead guitarist for Megadeth, co-headlining with Slayer, Anthrax, Exodus and Testament. He has been working with Shenkar on live shows and recordings over the last few years.
M. Lalitha and M. Nandini, known as the ‘LN Sisters’, are well-known for their versatility in Carnatic, world, fusion and Western Classical music and have performed at several world music festivals. They were among the first South Indian musicians to perform live and be interviewed on BBC Radio 3. In recent years, they have been collaborating with their uncle Shenkar on several projects.
Maynard Grant is a reputed drummer with over 3,500 live shows to his credit. He has played with bands such as the Tommy Menez quartet, Juravi, Junkyard Groove, Second Coming, Medium Rare, Frank Dubier, Body and Soul, Rendezvous, and Molotov Cocktail. In 2012, he played at the Jazz Yatra Festival in Sri Lanka with Frank Dubier.
String Along

What if your wearable could stop bad habits in their tracks0
Northwestern University’s Feinberg School of Medicine is part of a team that just won a $10.8 million grant from the National Institutes of Health, announced last week, to develop wearables to prevent relapses in people trying to quit smoking or avoid unhealthy eating.
Bonnie Spring, a professor of behavioral psychology at Feinberg, is part of the team of doctors from across the country. Spring said doctors have long known that quick intervention can be helpful for people trying to quit smoking or overeating. The problem is relying on self-reporting.
“We ask people to call when they are having a craving. But they don’t call. They just smoke,” Spring said.
The grant-winning team, known as the National Center of Excellence for Mobile Sensor Data-to-Knowledge — MD2K, for short — are attaching wearable sensors to people trying to quit smoking or curb eating. The sensors identify signals, like respiration, heart rates, sweat gland activity, wrist movements and location. The latter two data points might signal reaching for or lighting a cigarette, or going outside for a smoke, Spring said.
The technology is still in the testing and development phase, though some devices are being used on real test patients, she said.
Earlier efforts at intervention “were developed by professors, and it shows. They are very rational, burdensome, and take a lot of work,” Spring said. Sensors, on the other hand, will “know before you know that you are at risk of a relapse,” she said.
She said the medical community, particularly insurers and employers, likely will have a strong interest in the application. Congestive heart failure patients can improve their health and reduce hospitalization by sticking to a healthy diet, she said, and smokers are healthier when they quit and stick to it.
Other universities participating in the program are Cornell Tech, Georgia Tech, Ohio State, Rise, UCLA, UC San Diego, UC San Francisco, the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, the University of Memphis and the University of Michigan. San Francisco-based non-profit Open mHealth is also on the team.

Nifty Set to Cross 10 000 Peak Next Year: JM FinancialUnited Spirits Has Huge Opportunity to Grow in India: Motilal Oswal
The last fortnight has been very good for Indian stock markets with both the Sensex and Nifty hitting successive record highs. Many factors have contributed to the record-setting rally. A sharp easing in inflation and the accompanying rate cut expectation, continued weakness in crude prices, economic reforms and foreign flows have contributed to gains.
Global factors, especially the announcement of a massive bond buying programme by the Bank of Japan, have also lifted sentiments.
Year-to-date, the Nifty has rallied 32 per cent, but analysts are not giving up yet. According to JM Financial, the Nifty can add another 25-30 per cent to current gains in a year's time.
"We have been of the opinion that by December 2015, you could actually see the Nifty as high as levels of 10,700," said Gautam Shah, senior vice president and technical analysts at JM Financial. ( Watch full interview ).
The correction in the early part of October which took Nifty to the levels of 7,724 was healthy and helped the market to build higher base, he added.
The domestic brokerage expects some corrections, but has a year-end Nifty target of 8,700. "No correction will be significant enough to break the overall bull-run in Nifty," the brokerage says.
Mr Shah says investors should utilise every fall of 50 to 100 points in Nifty to buy stocks. 8,180 and 8,050 levels in Nifty are going to act as strong support, he added.
JM Financial's market strategy:
1) Avoid IT stocks: The CNX IT index could have seen a major top around 11,500 and it makes sense to avoid the defensives for now because the high beta space is doing so well.
2) Target on Bank Nifty in the long run is 19,000, which indicates an upside of 11 per cent from current levels. Private banks will do well as there is comfort in terms of asset quality. ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Yes Bank are the top picks.
3) Auto is one of the better sectors to be invested in. Expect 15 to 20 per cent upside in some auto names.
4) Bullish on upstream oil and gas companies like Reliance Industries and ONGC from a buy and hold perspective.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 11:31 (IST)

The real enemy at the gatesUpdated: November 4, 2014 01:14 IST
The real enemy at the gates
armed conflict
The suicide bombing at the Wagah border in Pakistan is a tragic, and sadly ironic, reminder that it is not India that is the enemy at its gates. Forces within Pakistan are actively tearing down the country. More than 60 people were killed in Sunday’s attack, and at least three sets of militants have rushed to own responsibility for the carnage — a group called Jundullah that was responsible for the Peshawar church bombing in September 2013, and two rival factions of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP). Jundullah, which is also a part of the TTP, claimed it carried out the bombing in retaliation for the Pakistan military’s ongoing operation Zarb-e-Azb in parts of North Waziristan. The country has been on high alert for the last few days, as the month of Muharram has annually seen a spurt in suicide and other terrorist attacks targeting Pakistani Shia. But clearly, Pakistani intelligence agencies were also not ruling out non-sectarian attacks at this time. Wagah, an important base for the paramilitary Rangers who guard the India-Pakistan border, was listed in recent Pakistani security alerts as vulnerable. Stopped by guards at the entrance to the large area that comprises the border check post, the suicide bomber blew himself up in the midst of civilians, most of them visitors streaming out after the flag-lowering ceremony at the border gates. Three Rangers were also killed. The Pakistani Police have quickly arrested 21 people in connection with the incident, and investigations will no doubt continue. What confronts Pakistan, though, is the absence of a coherent policy or clear narrative on Islamist extremism and militancy. The military operation in the northwest seems aimed more at ensuring that by the time U.S. troops pull out of Afghanistan at the end of this year, Pakistan would have subdued the TTP enough not to be bogged down in firefighting the blowback within, and is freer to pursue larger strategic ambitions in the region. Many militant organisations continue to thrive, particularly those with a marked anti-India agenda.
The explosion was close enough for it to be heard and felt on the Indian side. No Indian was hurt in the bombing. On Monday, the two sides held a low-key flag-lowering ceremony, and the Pakistani side even allowed visitors. But the limited overland trade between the two sides has been halted temporarily . The Samjhauta Express train service between Delhi and Lahore has also not been interrupted. The attack a few metres from the border should be a reminder to India that a stable Pakistan is in India’s interests. The incident also underlines that in order to convey Indian concerns about terrorism emanating from Pakistan, there is no option but for Delhi and Islamabad to talk.

EU cuts growth forecasts as big economies falterUpdated: November 4, 2014 17:22 IST
EU cuts growth forecasts as big economies falter
AP
Tweet
Reuters European Commissioner for jobs, growth, investment and competitiveness Jyrki Katainen (left) and European Commissioner for economic and financial affairs Pierre Moscovici present the E.U. executive's autumn economic forecasts during a news conference at the E.U. Commission headquarters in Brussels on Tuesday.
TOPICS
economic indicator
The official forecast for growth this year in the 18-country eurozone was cut to 0.8 per cent from a prediction of 1.2 per cent made in the spring.
European Union slashed its economic growth forecasts for the bloc on Tuesday, indicating the recovery will remain sluggish amid problems for the biggest economies, particularly France.
The official forecast for growth this year in the 18-country eurozone was cut to 0.8 per cent from a prediction of 1.2 per cent made in the spring.
The broader 28-nation E.U., which includes non-euro members like Britain and Sweden, was expected to grow 1.3 per cent this year, down from a 1.6 per cent forecast previously.
“The economic and employment situation is not improving fast enough” in the wake of the financial crisis that has hit the continent for the past half-decade, said E.U. Vice-President Jyrki Katainen.
The European Commission blamed in particular a weaker performance in Europe’s larger economies, with the exceptions of Spain and Britain.
The European Commission sees growth this year “coming to a stop in Germany after a very strong first quarter, protracted stagnation in France, and contraction in Italy”.
France has been under pressure for years to improve its economic performance but the E.U. forecast said that “growth is forecast to remain low in 2014 and 2015” while its deficit and overall debt “are expected to continue rising”.
Germany, Europe’s largest economy and for years the region’s engine of growth, was expected to stagnate for the rest of the year, with growth “set to resume gradually”.
The outlook for 2015 is not much better, with forecasts being slashed there, too.
France was already in trouble with the E.U., and was only given a provisional green light for its bulging budget deficit last week. It should not expect too much help from its overall economic performance. “Short-term indicators do not suggest that a firm recovery is imminent”, the forecast said.

NCAER lowers India GDP growth forecast to 5% in 2014-15economic organization
“The fundamentals of the economy remain weak with uncertainties prevail. The only redeeming feature is the weakening of inflation and FDI inflows”
In its mid-year review of the economy, the National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) has lowered its 2014-15 growth forecast for India to 5 per cent. In July, the think-tank had put out a growth forecast of 5.7 per cent. The projection of a slowdown is despite the 5.7 per-cent growth in the first quarter of the current year (April-September) after two successive years of sub-5 per cent growth.
The NCAER’s projection of slower growth during the rest of the year is in line with the Reserve Bank’s forecast.
“The NCAER is predicting a slower growth for the economy unlike other forecasts. The fundamentals of the economy remain weak with uncertainties prevailing.” the think-tank said in its mid-year review.
It said that though the weakening of inflation and the foreign direct investment inflows to be redeeming features, whether they will help it revive the growth prospects will depend on factors such as the extent of damage on agriculture due to deficit rainfall. Another cause for concern, according to the NCAER, is that after recording a strong performance of double-digit growth in May and June, export growth slowed down in subsequent months with a growth rate of just 2.73 per cent in September.
The 2014-15 farm sector growth projected at 2 per cent on account of the uneven distribution and the 17-per cent deficiency in rainfall has pulled down the mid-year gross domestic product (GDP) projection. Last year, the sector had grown 4.7 per cent.
Industry is projected to grow at 2.3 per cent. Official figures had put last year’s growth at 0.4 per cent. Services, which account for more than half of the GDP, are projected to grow at just under 7 per cent, marginally faster than in the previous year. “Manufacturing proved the biggest disappointment,” the review said. The manufacturing sector growth rate contracted by (-) 1 per cent in July and (-) 1.4 per cent in August, respectively.
The NCAER has also projected the Centre’s fiscal deficit at 4.3 per cent of GDP against the budget target of 4.1 per cent.

Bollywood mourns loss of its  fine  villainCelebrity
Sadashiv Amrapurkar: Bollywood mourns loss of its 'fine' villain
His Maharani act in 'Sadak' and his genuine personality are trademarks that the late actor Sadashiv Amrapurkar will always be remembered for, said celebrities from the Hindi film industry.
Mumbai: Grief struck friends and relatives pay their last respect to veteran actor Sadashiv Amarpurkar, who passed away at Kokilabein Dhirubai Ambani Hospital, in Mumbai on Nov.3, 2014. The actor was ... more 
Mumbai: Grief struck friends and relatives pay their last respect to veteran actor Sadashiv Amarpurkar, who passed away at Kokilabein Dhirubai Ambani Hospital, in Mumbai on Nov.3, 2014. The actor was suffering from a lung infection is survived by his wife and three daughters. (Photo: IANS) less 
1 / 25

Moody s Says Bharti Q2 Numbers Credit PositiveBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: Global rating agency Moody's on Tuesday said the second quarter earnings of Bharti Airtel are credit positive while suggesting the company reduce its consolidated adjusted debt/Ebitda to below 2 times.
"The rating (Baa3) outlook is stable based on the expectation that Bharti will continue to grow its core Indian and African wireless businesses and the Group will continue to deleverage on both on absolute and relative basis," Moody's said, adding the rating may see upward pressure should the company's overall credit profile continue to improve.
"Credit metrics for first half of year (FY15) remain broadly in line with our expectations with Bharti maintaining strong momentum in its domestic mobile business," Moody's vice -president and senior analyst Annalisa Di Chiara said.
Last week, the country's largest telcom services provider reported a near three-fold surge in net profit at Rs 1,383 crore, driven by growth in data revenue.
Bharti Airtel's total revenue rose 7.1 per cent to Rs 22,845 crore in Q2, boosted by a consolidated mobile data revenue of Rs 2,540 crore (up 66.7% Y-o-Y), contributing more than two-thirds of the incremental revenues.
Mobile data traffic grew significantly by 94.6 per cent to 78.1 billion MBs during Q2 from 40.1 billion MBs in the same quarter last year. Bharti said mobile data revenues now represent 11.1 per cent of the total topline as compared to 7.1 per cent in the corresponding quarter last year.
"We would like to see Bharti reduce consolidated adjusted debt/Ebitda to below 2 times and consolidated adjusted free cash-flow to debt to exceed 10 per cent," the rating agency said.
Moody's said it would also like to see a track-record that shows some of its key markets outside India like Nigeria demonstrate the ability to upstream cash flows to Bharti, while the operating performance of those subsidiaries remains solid.
"Downward pressure on rating could arise should competition intensify in any of its key markets, but particularly for the domestic wireless business, or its key operations and/or subsidiaries report materially declining margins, or Bharti fails to continue with its deleveraging strategy," Moody's said.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 22:29 (IST)

Shutdown in Kashmir today over killing of civiliansUpdated: November 5, 2014 01:17 IST
Shutdown in Kashmir today over killing of civilians
Zahid Rafiq
AP A soldier checks the identity of a civilian during curfew in Srinagar on Tuesday. Photo: AP
Faisal Mohamad, one of the victims. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
Jammu and Kashmir
All major separatist leaders have called for a shutdown in Kashmir on Wednesday in protest against the killings of two civilians by the Army in Chattargam. Police sources said curfew would be imposed in several parts of Srinagar again.
Heavy restrictions have been imposed in several areas of the city. “There were going to be restrictions anyway for the Muharram processions but the government had to be stricter in view of the killings. We did not want a law and order situation with stone-throwing spilling outside Nowgam,” a senior police officer said. “When the bodies of the boys arrived in the morning, we took them to Nowgam Square because we did not want to bury them so fast. We wanted to carry the dead and show the people how our children are being killed,” said Mohammad Yaqoob, a protester.
All mainstream political parties offered condolences and condemned the killings. “Such killings have no place in an otherwise improving security environment where militancy incidents are at record low levels. These deaths have served to vitiate the poll atmosphere already strained by the post-flood reconstruction challenge that people face,” Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted.
The Army issued a statement saying it had acted fast to treat the injured at their hospital and were investigating the firing. “[The] Army has moved with unprecedented speed to initiate investigations. The GOC, Chinar Corps, has promised that justice will be done,” the Army said.
It said its personnel were in touch with the families of the deceased. The families, however, denied that the Army had contacted them.
“I have spoken to the Defence Minister to ensure a probe, but unfortunately, from my past experience, I know that the Army will invoke AFSPA to protect itself and evade justice. I have been fighting for partial revocation of AFSPA and this incident has again made it clear why the country should think hard and long about it, ” Mr. Abdullah told The Hindu.
He questioned the Army’s action to shoot at the car when they could have used other measures to stop the vehicle. “How many bullets will you fire at a suspected vehicle that doesn’t stop at a checkpoint or how much does it cost to spread a strip with nails that is used to deflate tyres at checkpoints.”

L&G predicts more bulk annuity dealsLegal & General chief predicts more bulk annuity deals
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7036c0c0-6410-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil swoons as oversupply fears extend losses; Brent touches 4-year lowMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Oil markets retreated from multi-year lows on Tuesday but still fell more than 2 percent after Saudi Arabia cut export prices to the United States threatening to deepen a global supply glut that has driven prices down 30 percent since June.
U.S. crude futures settled down $1.59 at $77.19 after reaching the lowest intraday price since October 2011 in the morning.
The price of Brent for next-month delivery settled down $1.96 at $82.82 after touching its lowest point since October 2010.
Refined product stocks jumped last week, surprising those analysts who expected declines, according to data from the American Petroleum Institute released on Tuesday after oil prices settled. Distillate fuels stockpiles rose by 155,000 barrels instead of the 1.8-million-barrel drop predicted in a Reuters poll of analysts. Gasoline stocks rose by 240,000 barrels despite an expected 400,000 barrel increase.
U.S. crude stocks fell 639,000 barrels last week to 374.9 million in the wake of the revved-up refinery output.
On Monday, Saudi Arabia surprised the market by raising prices for Asia and Europe but cutting prices for U.S. customers. Oil slid as much as $2 a barrel in late trade, and the sell-off continued Tuesday, triggering technical sell-stops.
“The Saudis have basically declared war on the U.S. oil producers,” said Phil Flynn at Price Futures Group. “I think they believe that the only way they’re going to survive in the long term is to break the market in the short term.”
On Monday, longer-dated oil futures became more expensive than near-term contracts, putting charts into a contango structure for the first time since Jan. 17. The futures curve left contango in the afternoon, and the spread between December and January contracts stood at 2 cents at 4:48 p.m. EST (2148 GMT).
NO OPEC CONSENSUS
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)  meets Nov. 27, but there are no clear signs whether it will curb output.
The United Arab Emirates oil minister said the country is “not panicking”. Venezuela and Ecuador have said they are working on a joint proposal to defend oil prices.
“I can see OPEC and Saudi Arabia playing the long game. A low price for a period of time may actually play into the hands of people with a lot of reserves in the ground at cheap cost,” Pierre Lorinet, chief financial officer of Trafigura, said at the Reuters Global Commodities Summit.
Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi has not commented publicly on the oil market since September. On Wednesday, he will meet Venezuela’s foreign minister Rafael Ramirez, also the head of its OPEC delegation, according to a person close to the Saudi delegation.
TAGS: Brent Crude Oil Price Oil Production
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

IPCA Labs Comes Under USFDA Scanner  Stock Plunges 15%You are here: Home Market
IPCA Labs Comes Under USFDA Scanner, Stock Plunges Over 15%
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 12:35 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
IPCA Laboratories Ltd shares plunged 15.7 per cent to their lowest since September 2013.
Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "underperform" from "neutral", citing negative USFDA observations. FDA's observations are on IPCA's Indore facility, Credit Suisse said.
It said two of these observations are critical, and could delay the recovery of US sales for IPCA.
IPCA shares were trading down 10.37 per cent at Rs 668.90 as of 10.25 am.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Insurance Bill may be passed in Winter Session: FM JaitleyFM Arun Jaitley hopes Insurance Bill will be passed in Winter Session of Parliament
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 14:16 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday expressed hope that the long-pending and controversial Insurance Amendment Bill , that seeks to raise foreign direct investment (FDI) in the sector from the existing 26 per cent to 49 per cent, would get a nod from the Parliament in the upcoming Winter Session.
"I do hope that the amended bill would be passed in the forthcoming session of Parliament later this month," the Finance Minister said at the India Economic Summit organised by the World Economic Forum in the national capital.
The reform , according to experts, could increase the flow of foreign investment into private insurance firms to Rs 25,000 crore. The move would help insurance firms to get much needed capital from overseas partners.
The month-long Winter Session of Parliament is scheduled to commence from November 24.
The much-delayed Insurance Bill has been referred to the Select Committee of Parliament. The Bill, which comes with a rider that the management control would rest in the hands of Indian promoter, has been pending since 2008 in the Rajya Sabha.
The Minister said the country was pursuing the policy of allowing foreign investment with sectoral cap keeping in mind the requirements of the economy and the appetite of the domestic political system.
"When we were in the government last time we had opened up the sector. At that time the political system had an appetite for a limited opening. We are now opening up the sector a little more," Jaitley added.
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, which proposes to hike the foreign investment limit in the insurance sector to 49 per cent, has been caught in a logjam with the Congress-led opposition insisting that it be referred to a select committee .
Bowing to opposition pressure, the government had in August agreed to refer the Insurance Bill to the 15-member Select Committee, which is expected to submit its report by the third week of November.
At present, there are about two dozen private sector insurance firms, both in life and non-life segments, in the country.

Euro zone biz growth remains weak in October...Euro zone business growth picked up less than expected in October despite much deeper price cutting, according to business surveys.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Euro zone business growth picked up less than expected in October despite much deeper price cutting, according to business surveys on Wednesday that gave scant reason to be optimistic about the months ahead.
Firms have now been reducing prices for over 2-1/2 years and did so last month at the steepest rate since early 2010, just when the single currency bloc was sinking into the depths of a financial crisis.
Weak growth and further discounting will add to pressure on the European Central Bank as it battles to ward off deflation and bring inflation - at a meagre 0.4 percent in October - out of what it terms the "danger zone" and back to target.
Markit's final Composite Purchasing Managers' Index, based on surveys of thousands of companies across the region and seen as a good indicator of growth, only nudged up from September's 10-month low of 52.0, coming in at 52.1.
Although it marked the 16th month that the index has been above the 50 line that separates growth from contraction, the expansion came at a cost. A sub-index for output prices slumped to 47.1 from September's 48.5, its lowest reading since February 2010.
"The combined threat of economic stagnation and growing deflationary risks will add to pressure on the ECB to do more to stimulate demand in the euro area, strengthening calls for full-scale quantitative easing," said Chris Williamson, chief economist at Markit.
Full-scale QE is one of the last policy options the ECB has left, and while it is not expected to change policy on Thursday, there is now an even chance it will buy sovereign bonds, a Reuters poll found this week. The news was no better for the bloc's dominant service industry where the PMI dipped to a seven-month low of 52.3 from 52.4 and there was little chance of much improvement this month.
New business came in at the weakest rate for nearly a year, backlogs were run down again and firms reduced their workforce for the first time since March. That pushed the business expectations index down to an 16-month low of 57.2 from 59.3.
France's PMI sank further below 50 and Italy's suggested economic stagnation. The composite index for Germany, Europe's largest economy, showed the pace of growth had eased from last month.
"The euro zone PMI makes for grim reading, painting a picture of an economy that is limping along and more likely to take a turn for the worse than spring back into life," Williamson said.

Greenply Industries Surge 20% on Strong Q2You are here: Home Market
Greenply Industries Surge 20% on Strong Q2
NDTV | Updated On: November 05, 2014 14:33 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Shares of plywood-maker Greenply Industries jumped 20 per cent to hit its intraday upper limit at Rs 1,249.85, as the company reported strong earnings for the second quarter of FY15 on Tuesday.
The company reported nearly 40 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) growth in its standalone net profit to Rs 37.03 crore, while its revenue grew 7 per cent y-o-y to Rs 623.41 crore in the second quarter of FY15.
The company also reported an increase in its profitability in the reporting period. Its gross profit margin (EBITDA margin) increased 141 basis points y-o-y to 12.2 per cent in the quarter.
As of 2.19 p.m. shares in Greenply Industries were locked at upper circuit at Rs 1,249.85 apiece, up 20 per cent.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 14:33 (IST)

New generation Sterling Generators DG sets powered by Perkins enginesNew generation Sterling Generators DG sets powered by Perkins engines
GAIL denies arbitrary cut in gas supply to South Gujarat industriesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GAIL denies arbitrary cut in gas supply to South Gujarat industries
Debabrata Das
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
GAIL (India) Ltd said on Wednesday that the cut in gas supply to small industries in South Gujarat is due to the change in Government guidelines, which prioritises city gas distribution.
“The recent changes in Administered Price Mechanism (APM) gas allocation are pursuant to the Government guidelines of February 3 and August 20, 2014. Government has accorded top priority to city gas distribution entities for use of natural gas in domestic households (PNG) and transport sector (CNG),” GAIL said in a statement.
The company’s statement was in a reaction to allegations from small industrial customers in South Gujarat which claimed that GAIL has cut supplies on a selective and arbitrary basis.
“Based on the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas’ directive, supplies of APM gas to non-priority sector has been cut by around 3 to 4 mmscmd, while the cut for South Gujarat’s industrial customers is around 0.3 to 0.4 mmscmd,” GAIL said.
The company added that the reallocation of natural gas from South Gujarat’s industrial customers would enable cooking gas supply to more than 6 lakh households in the region. Currently, more than 8 mmscmd of natural gas is supplied to CNG and PNG sector, of which 2 mmscmd is supplied to city gas distribution entities in Gujarat.
GAIL also said that to protect the interests of small customers – those having allocation of gas up to 50,000 scmd have been kept out of the ambit of the pro-rata cut in gas supplies to non-priority sectors.
“GAIL’s own petrochemical plant is undergoing a cut of 88 per cent as against its allocation,” it said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Long haul fuels turnround at Aer LingusNovember 5, 2014 8:48 am
Long haul fuels turnround at Aer Lingus
Naomi Rovnick and John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a23f4e5a-64bc-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xiaomi seeks funds  looks at $50-billion val...funds
(The world's third-biggest…)
BEIJING: Xiaomi is in talks for a funding round that values the smartphone maker at about $40 billion to $50 billion. Discussions are at an early stage and nothing is finalised, said peoplefamiliar with the development.
The world's third-biggest smartphone maker had a financing round in August 2013 that valued the company at $10 billion.
Founder and CEO Lei Jun has pushed Xiaomi, which sells direct to consumers and only released its first smartphone in 2011, into new markets from Singapore to India.
The international expansion, combined with surging sales of its Mi 4 smartphone and low-cost Redmi model, have vaulted the company into the ranks of the world's top vendors.
The valuation surpasses more established Asian electronics makers including Sony, which has a market capitalisation of about $21 billion, and Lenovo's $16 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banking data stealing virus on prowl in cybe...You are here: Home > Collections > Banking
Online banking data stealing virus on the prowl in cyberspace
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 03.39PM IST
Tags:
cyberspace
(The malware mainly targets…)
NEW DELHI: Cyber security sleuths have alerted online banking customers in the country against the malicious activity of a deadly 'Trojan' virus which steals classified data and passwords of a vulnerable user.
"It has been reported that variants of a new banking Trojan dubbed as 'Dyreza' are spreading. The malware mainly targets the customers of well-known financial institutions running Microsoft Windows operating system ."
"It propagates by using social engineering techniques or by means of spam messages pretending to be genuine mail received from financial institution containing either a Zip or PDF as an email attachment exploiting the vulnerability in unpatched versions of Adobe Reader to download the malware.
"The ZIP contains a self executing malware which installs itself on the target system on being extracted," the Computer Emergency Response Team of India (CERT-In) said in its latest advisory to users of online banking system.
The CERT-In is the nodal agency to combat hacking, phishing and to fortify security-related defences of the Indian Internet domain.
The agency said the malware is capable to wreak havoc into a secure system in a number of ways.
The 'Trojan' virus, an unauthorised programme which passively gains control over another system by representing itself as an authorised programme, steals infected bank customers' online banking credentials, can bypass secure protection settings using browser hijacking, can capture keystrokes, perform man-in-the-middle attack to intercept network traffic and communicate with command and control server, the agency said.
Once the spam mail is received by a bank customer, the agency said, it "entices" the user to download and extract the Zip file which then begins its destructive and stealing action.
The virus is categorised as "deadly" as it can acquire as many as ten aliases to evade anti-virus updates.
The said malware performs by injecting malicious code in the web browsers including Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, so that when infected user visits any of the banking sites their credentials are stolen.
The command traffic, after the virus is activated in the user network, is first re-directed to the malicious server and then to the legitimate banking site thereby copying and stealing proprietary data, the advisory said.
The CERT-In has suggested some counter-measures to safeguard against this virus.
"Configure your email server to block or remove email that contains file attachments that are commonly used to spread threats such as .vbs, .bat, .exe, .pif and .scr files, set Internet and local intranet security zone settings to high, lock out accounts after number of incorrect login attempts.
"Also, limit or eliminate the use of shared or group accounts, do not visit untrusted websites, enable firewall at gateway or desktop level, do not download or open attachment in emails received from untrusted sources or unexpectedly received from trusted users and install and scan anti-malware engines and keep them up-to-date," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s highest paid CEOs 2014Story
Top job, big bucks
Indian CEO salaries are touching new highs as the war for talent gets fiercer. And compensation structuring is increasingly mimicking the salary innovations in the US.
Shamni Pande and Jyotindra Dubey      Follow @ShamniPande    Edition: Nov 23, 2014
(Clockwise from top left) Reliance Industries Limited CMD Mukesh Ambani, Bharti Enterprises Founder and Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal, Reliance Group Chairman Anil Ambani, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka
In July this year, India's software services giant Infosys announced that it was hiring former SAP chief technology officer Vishal Sikka as its new CEO at a compensation that could touch $5.08 million (Rs 30 crore or so) per annum including variable pay. Sikka would also be entitled to stock options to the tune of $2 million.
Sikka's remuneration made headlines because - though middling by global standards - it was the highest salary that had been offered to a non-promoter CEO in the country till date.
And it was vastly higher than the salary of the man who was doing the hiring. N.R. Narayana Murthy, who had given the final nod to Sikka's recruitment, was drawing a princely sum of Rs 1 per annum. Murthy had stipulated he would only accept a token salary when he agreed to come out of retirement in June 2013 and take charge as executive chairman once again.
The highest paid Promoter and Professional CEOs (Graphics by Ajay Thakuri)
Click here to Enlarge
Despite the gloom and doom of the past few years, there has never been a better time to be a CEO of an Indian company. The average compensation of Indian CEOs - both promoters and professionals - has risen sharply over the past few years. In fact, in 2013/14, a year that was pretty dismal for the Indian corporate world, the CEOs of the top 100 listed companies saw their aggregate annual compensation rise by 12 per cent. The aggregate revenues of the same group of companies only rose by 9.6 per cent while profit after tax grew even slower at 6.9 per cent.
A decade ago, there were barely a couple of dozen C-suite occupants who drew salaries over Rs 1 crore per annum. In 2013/14, there were 697 crorepatis in total in the BT 500 C-suites, with about 40 being added in that year itself. There were a dozen people whose annual salaries were well above Rs 25 crore, another 45 in the Rs 10 crore to Rs 25 crore bracket. In several of the top companies, over 10 executives had compensation packages in excess of Rs 1 crore. The newcomers to the crorepati club last year included people like Abhijit Roy, MD, Berger Paints India, at Rs 1.07 crore, Anupam Puri at Rs 1.1 crore and Bruce LA Carter at Rs 1.02 crore - both Directors at Dr Reddy's Laboratories. Infrastructure company Triveni Turbine has Arun Prabhakar Mote, Executive Director at Rs 2.17 crore, while Jindal Steel & Power has Dinesh Kumar Saraogi at Rs 1.31 crore.
The Top League
Things were not always as good for Indian CEOs. Till the early 1990s, the Companies Act capped the CEOs' salaries. Add the fact that personal income tax was considerably steeper then, and most CEOs took home salaries that were fairly modest, by any standards, even if the rupee went a lot further in those days than it does today.
In 1993, changes in the Companies Act freed CEO salaries and immediately pay packages started shooting up. By 1994, the first CEOs with over Rs 1 crore in annual compensation had started showing up. Pradip Shah, founding MD of India's pioneer credit rating firm CRISIL was one of the earliest to cross the seven figure salary barrier. But even then, through the 1990s, the CEO crorepati club was fairly exclusive.
THE FIGHT FOR TALENT
Things started changing in the last years of the 20th century as the opening up of the economy saw new multinationals coming into the country. Meanwhile, the dotcom boom, the runaway growth of IT companies, and the rising number of new multinationals opening shop ensured that salaries doubled, tripled and quadrupled in the senior rungs. As the fight for talent grew fiercer, poaching became the name of the game. And the older multinationals in the country became favourite hunting grounds for new players looking to build a senior team quickly.
Of course, poaching was always a favoured tactic of any new firm setting up operations in India even earlier. Ramesh Vangal, who led PepsiCo's entry into the country, reminisces how, in 1988, they picked up lots of talent from Hindustan Lever (now Hindustan Unilever). "SM Datta - the then chairman of HLL - met me and expressed his concern about how PepsiCo was disturbing the Indian salary structure and how this would have a bad impact on all companies," laughs Vangal. To get around the salary restrictions of those days, PepsiCo and other new players started offering perks like soft furnishing allowances, paid vacations abroad, and paid helpers.
But the action had really started hotting up in the late 1990s. In 1998 and 1999, the dotcom boom was giving rise to its own dynamics. Where CEO salaries was largely fixed till the mid-90s, the end 90s saw a large portion coming by way of variable pay. The dotcoms, the software services companies and other tech companies also introduced the concept of Employee Stock Option Plans (ESOPs) and also sweat equity. The idea was to let the senior employees have some incentive that would be tied to the company's performance.
When stock options first made their appearance, the traditional companies were aghast. "I remember a conversation with a promoter of an Indian group and asked him to offer stock option to a talent they were keen on hiring for launching their financial services arm. They thought the suggestion to be preposterous," says Sanjiv Sachar of Egon Zehnder, that specializes in leadership and board-level talent search. Later though, even the traditionalists gave in. "The new Indian business entities realised that no high-flier was willing to join them and the only way to woo them was to offer high stakes," says K Sudarshan of EMA Partners International, a headhunting firm.
Sectorwise median salaries
By March 2000, the dotcom boom had reached its peak and the long slide down was about to begin. The dotcom burst of 2000/01 had an impact not just on the pure internet companies but on the entire information technology sector. Suddenly, tech stocks were plunging and ESOPs were under water. It would be around 2006/07 before stock options and sweat equity would come back into favour and become mainstream. And other industries, not just technology companies, would make them part of the overall compensation package of CEOs.
In 2000/01, even as tech was falling out of favour, other sunrise industries were taking up the slack. Telecom and television were two new sectors offering record salaries. ZEE Television, provoked by the success of Star Plus' Kaun Banega Crorepati roped in Rediffusion DYR's advertising head Sandeep Goyal for a salary that far exceeded Rs 1 crore. "This was also the time when professionals had quit in favour of start-ups and the banking and financial services sector, along with telecom, was taking off," says K Sudarshan of EMA Partners. People like Girish Rangan who had worked in Proctor & Gamble, Boots India and Leo Burnett crossed over to telecom for salaries upwards of Rs 1 crore.
THE SLOWDOWN AND THE PAY CUTS
By 2005/06, CEO salaries had again begun a steep climb and the Rs 1 crore figure was passe. The new benchmark was $1 million. Some of it was simply because Indian CEOs now needed to operate in global markets as well, and this had a trigger effect on the salaries. "We in India are globally competitive in terms of CEO salaries and many have globally benchmarked salaries? a million-dollar salary is not at all unusual," says GV Prasad, CEO, Dr Reddy's.
The decade also saw the rise in the salaries of promoter CEOs. As a group, promoter CEOs were in general better paid than their professional counterparts, but the salaries of promoters went up exponentially only in mid-2000. It would take the 2009 global financial bust before CEO salary growth started slowing down again.
The remuneration of MUKESH AMBANI, CMD, RIL, rose from Rs 9.6 crore in 2001/02 to Rs 44 crore in 2007/08, after which he took a massive pay cut. His pay since 2008/09 is fixed at Rs 15 crore
In fact, in the slowdown following the global financial crisis, many promoter CEOs took hefty paycuts. Mukesh Ambani voluntarily cut his salary by half. Naveen Jindal slashed his salary even more, and several others took pay cuts in the top rung.
In 2009, the variable component of the salary for many professional CEOs also fell sharply. This was the year when people realised that variable structure was indeed variable! "This was the year of downturn and many people did not get their bonus and variable end of the salary structure," says Anita Ramachandran of Cerebrus Consultants, one of the oldest talent search firms in India. Though India Inc has consistently marched ahead on having lesser percentage of pay structures towards fixed, this was the first time their compensation was being withheld.
For many of the promoter CEOs though, the pay cuts did not materially affect their income or wealth. Many promoters received dividends worth crores from their shares, and their dividend income was often vastly in excess of their salaries. Even more important, much of their wealth was derived from the value of the stock they held. Even Murthy could afford to take just Rs 1 as his salary during his comeback because his family's shares in Infosys was worth well over $1 billion.
LAGGING BEHIND GLOBAL COUNTERPARTS
Despite the skyrocketing salaries, the overall compensation of even the highest paid Indian CEOs lag behind their US counterparts, largely because of the differences in the scale of operations. For example, Sikka may well be the best paid Indian tech CEO, but his salary is still small potatoes compared to the salaries of the top tech CEOs in the US, most of whom boast salaries (including bonuses) in excess of $30 million annually. Similarly, Wall Street and Hedge Fund bonuses completely dwarf the compensation of top Indian financial services companies.
But despite the differences in amounts, in many cases the Indian compensation structuring has followed the lead of US companies. Some of this has happened because multinationals have tried to follow the same pay structures across regions.
Executives who earned at least a crore in 2013-14
Pallavi Kathuria of Egon Zehnder, a leadership search firm, says: "The last few years has seen a clear standardization of compensation packagages, based on levels, in most multinational organisations." This means that in regions contributing to similar revenues, the stark differences in pay packages is thinning. She does put a rider though: "The difference, of course, is on the size of business and the geographical area under control," she says.
Egon Zehnder points out that sometimes organisations tend to compensate new CEOs for unvested stocks and other benefits that they are leaving behind, but these differences tend to even out in three years. But at any rate, CEOs today are being sought that can have their 'skin in the game'. Here, naturally, they are given stock options, or in some cases, even put in some kind of sweat equity that get compensated when the company is listed. Here again India is miming trend of the developed markets, but not the whole hog. "We still notice that CEOs are not as willing to take a hair-cut or forgo on their fixed pay as much as those in Silicon Valley," says Kathuria.
True. CEO compensation structure is moving away from fixed pay towards variable and long-term incentives (LTIs), but it is still not a vastly changed equation in the last five years. Aon Hewitt data show that in 2010 CEO salaries were structured with 55 per cent towards fixed pay, 25 per cent in variable and the balance 20 per cent being LTIs. In 2014 this mix has shifted a bit with 50 per cent being fixed, 20 per cent being variable and 30 per cent being LTIs. Also, the fixed pay has gone up in the range of 8.5-9.5 per cent and the variable pay has risen in the range of 12.5-13.5 per cent. But even with all this, the difference between salaries of Indian and global CEOs remains.
Comparison of Indian and global CEO salaries
While some of the old perks remain, changing tax structures and market realities have also made some old perks less attractive. Today, it is not uncommon to find CEOs who buy fancy houses in tony residential addresses on their own steam and live it up. "Earlier, companies could lure and retain talent by giving them houses. But with availability of housing loans and supply of residential properties, companies too realised they were sitting with huge real estate in their book and having to worry of maintenance," observes Anshuman Magazine, Chairman and MD (South-Asia) of CBRE, a real estate services firm.
Also, signing bonuses are becoming common. "In the last year or so even Indian companies when they hire give a massive signing bonus. No senior person will jump unless there is a big bonus commensurate to your packet size," says Devraj Sanyal, MD (South Asia), Universal Music.
Not just that, "There is bonus, grand slam and stock options," he says. CEOs get 100 per cent bonus if they meet the full target (bonus is usually 40 per cent of the compensation). "Every CEO and MD is incentivised to go well beyond the plan. The Grand Slam is if you hit your target numbers three years in a row then there is a big pot of gold sitting somewhere. Grand Slam is more of an anti-attrition retention tool to keep the big boys locked in so that they don't jump," he says.
Golden parachutes (the hefty severance pay) that was an innovation of the US has made its way to the country as well. According to sources, two media heads have walked away this year with exit salaries of Rs 58 crore and Rs 87 crore.
And with sweat equity and skin in the game, the relationship between promoters and the top professionals is also changing. Promoters such as GV Sanjay Reddy, Vice Chairman, GVK, readily acknowledge that the real concept of CEO has evolved. "They have become partners in business and is not quite like the earlier purely employee-owner relationship and, therefore, their compensation is heavily linked to their performance," he says.
In fact, the promoter-employee relationship can change because of a number of factors. Take the case of A Mahendran, former MD, Godrej Consumer, who came to work for the Godrej group in 1994 when Godrej bought Transelektra. "I joined Godrej by selling my business Goodknight to them. They wanted me to run the business. I ran it on contract basis. Mine was not sweat equity, but equity that I put with cash. I participated in the equity as per the valuation," he says. This meant that he operated like an entrepreneur with a minority stake in the joint venture business. In 2010, when Sara Lee exited the venture, it was merged with Godrej Consumer Products and Mahendran became the MD of Godrej Consumer Products. He eventually exited in 2013, but still continues as non-executive director.
EQUALS? NOT EXACTLY
Despite CEO salaries rising rapidly in general, not all industries tend to compensate similarly. And even though there has been a certain standardisation of structure of compensation, there is little correlation of pay packages and size of company.
CEO pay vis-Ã -vis employee salaries and net profit
Click here to Enlarge
In theory, there should be a strong correlation between company pay and performance and the size of the company. But that is becoming less and less true both globally and in India. "Our data shows that in India, historically, the extent of correlation between these two factors has been far lower (and almost negligible) compared to developed economies," says Anandorup Ghose, Performance and Rewards Consulting Practice Leader at Aon Hewitt India.
According to Ghosh, pay at the executive level here has always been driven by the incumbent than the size of the role. For instance, YC Deveshwar as Chairperson of ITC gets to take home around Rs 11.28 crore for a company that generates over Rs 48,000 crore in revenue. This is close to what Zubair Ahmed of GSK Consumer Products gets to take home - Rs 10.79 crore on revenues of Rs 5,351 crore. In the automotive segment, Pawan Munjal gets Rs 37.88 crore on revenues of Rs 27,710 crore and that is not too far apart from what Onkar Kanwar takes - Rs 30.40 crore on revenues of Rs 9,794 crore.
CEO SALARY AND SHAREHOLDER ACTIVISM
While CEO salaries recommended by the board or compensation committees have generally tended to sail through in India, of late, there is a rising trend of shareholder activism for compensation packages which are seen to be out of line with overall performance. In July, for the first time this year, the proposal on Tata Motors was rejected and it actually turned to be an outlier in the melee.
Tata Motors is the only instance that did not even get the required 75 per cent votes in postal ballot to give a bonus to the legal heir of former MD Karl Slym (who is part of our best paid professional CEO list and who died in January this year) and two other directors. Tata Motors had not posted great results and that could have been one reason for this.
The Tata Motors case was unique because even the proxy advisory firms had not opposed it. "We did not oppose the proposal of Tata Motors," says Shriram Subramanian of InGovern. Despite that, it still did not get the requisite votes to go through.
According to both proxy firms, Tata Motors deserved to have its proposal approved as these were executive directors and not promoters. Also, the company had sufficient profit and revenues that merited its proposal. Also, the compensation was in line with industry standards.
In other cases though, salary proposals went through despite stiff opposition. In June this year, Marico faced resistance as proxy firm Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IIAS) opposed the stock option plan of Marico's new MD and CEO Saugata Gupta for 2014. Marico board sought to grant stock options of up to 0.5 per cent to Gupta.
IIAS was of the view that at the then prevailing share price of Rs 237, the total cost of the scheme amounted to Rs 761 million. That was equivalent to 13.2 per cent of the financial year 2014 net profit. Also, Marico had not disclosed the period over which the company will grant stock options to Gupta. However, Gupta's compensation finally got the desired votes. Suzlon and Apollo Tyres also saw compensation challenges, though in both cases the proposals finally went through.
The new Companies Act is likely to bring more changes to the CEO compensation story. "The new Act puts the onus of succession on the board. Also, it fundamentally alters the way this issue is viewed, making them accountable," says Hemant Upadhyay, Managing Consultant and Leader of Executive Rewards Practice at Hay Group India. But veteran market observers and analysts such as Prithvi Haldea are not convinced. "We have many laws. A company that wants to follow the law will do so. Those wanting to flout them will find loopholes," he says.
With inputs from E Kumar Sharma and Ajita Shashidhar

BJP spreading communalism in West Bengal: Mamata BanerjeeSpeaking on the Burdwan blast, she said that the Centre is misusing its power to incite communal violence.
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:47 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:49 pm
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said the BJP with the help of CPM is trying to ‘instill communal feeling’ among the people in Bengal and creating the environment conducive for communal riot in the state.
Warning her party men about communal violence in the state, she said, “Do not fall prey to the tactics of those who want to incite riots. Fire of riots will destroy everything. Inform local police stations and send a copy to the party HQ if you witness any untoward incident. I also belong to a Hindu family. My culture teaches me to respect all religions.”
Attacking the Central government she said that since the time the new government assumed office there had been several incidents of riots in several states including Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi.
“Do you know there were communal clashes in Gujarat in September? Are they not ashamed of Babri Masjid demolition and Gujarat riots? There are also reports of communal riots in Delhi. What this government is doing then,” she added.
Speaking on the Burdwan blast, she said that the Centre is misusing its power to incite communal violence. “The Central government is now misusing its power and now it is employing the CPM to destabilise the state,” she added in the meeting.
“There has not been any loss of public life in the blast. People who were making bombs were killed. Property was also not damaged. But the Centre is trying to shape it as the biggest terror plot. Why? They are now misusing their power to malign us. Blaming one community for the fault of one person is not right. Terrorists do not have any religion, caste or creed,” said Banerjee.
“I love Bangladesh. That does not mean I support illegal infiltration. The state does not guard the borders. I have never said that I support infiltrators. Before election they came here and said that they would push back all people from Bangladesh. There are Indian citizens too and they are our people. why should i not protect them,” she asked.
Banerjee on Wednesday held a worker’s meeting at Pailan in south 24 Pargana as a part of her political visit to the districts. Without naming Prime Minister Narendra Modi, she said that the political leaders are only using Facebook and Twitter to say ‘ Today I beat drums, today I played flute’ . She further added that these leaders are beating their own drums in the social media for publicity spending crores.
“I laugh at the tweets and Facebook messages of some political leaders. They tweet all the time and when do they work? For everything, they tweet. Today I played flute, tomorrow I would beat drum, today I meet him, tomorrow I would meet them, these are tweets continued…

BSE Sensex hits 28K-mark  Nifty scales new high on hope ofreformsPrint
By: PTI | Mumbai | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:52 pm
The BSE Sensex today breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of continued…

Mayawati says she refused Rs 100 crore bribe for nominating Akhilesh Das toRSPrint
Mayawati said that Das offered to give Rs 50 crores to Rs 100 crores for getting Rajya Sabha ticket. (Source: PTI/file)
By: Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:25 pm
BSP supremo Mayawati on Wednesday alleged that Rajya Sabha member Akhilesh Das, who had quit the party two days ago, offered her Rs 100 crores for renominating him to the Upper House.
“Akhilesh Das had talked to me in Delhi and had offered money for repeating him as BSP candidate to the Rajya Sabha,” she told reporters here.
“Das had said that he was ready to give Rs 50 crores to Rs 100 crores for getting Rajya Sabha ticket saying that as the BSP is out of power now, I would need funds to run the party,” Mayawati alleged.
The BSP supremo said she told Das that she would not make him RS candidate even if he offered Rs 200 crores and instead of taking help from an individual, her party gets funds through donations made by poor and the downtrodden.
“For the recent Assembly elections and the coming ones in two other states, funds were collected from the people in Uttar Pradesh and other states on one appeal,” she said, adding that BSP would give its ticket to those who work dedicatedly for the party’s movement at the ground level.
On the allegations levelled by Das, Mayawati said “he was earlier in the Congress and at the time of joining BSP he had levelled serious charges against the Congress, specially Rahul Gandhi.”
The former UP chief minister said that at the time of joining BSP, Das had promised to strengthen the party by garnering support of Vaishya community in the state but he did not do so and concentrated more on his business work.
“We believed in him and sent him to the Rajya Sabha but he did not live up to his promises…rather that joining Vaishyas with the party he used to stay away from the House during the Parliament sessions,” she alleged.
Mayawati said that Das’s allegations have been proved wrong with the party nominating Raja Ram and Veer Singh for Rajya Sabha seat as they have been associated with the party at the ground level.
“Ram is incharge of the party in four states and Veer Pal is incharge in three states…they have been associated with the movement for a long time and have been using their salaries for the welfare of people,” she said, adding the central office of the party will assist them in filing their nominations.
The Rajya Sabha term of Das, who resigned from the BSP on November 3, is coming to an end this month.

India tops Facebooks content restrictionlistPrint
Facebook has restricted access to nearly 5,000 pieces of information on its website in India in the first six months of 2014, the highest for any country, following requests from government.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:34 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:17 am
Facebook has restricted access to nearly 5,000 pieces of information on its website in India in the first six months of 2014, the highest for any country, following requests from government and other agencies to act against hate-content on social media platforms.
India is the largest userbase for Facebook outside the US  with over 100 million users.
Similar steps were taken in Turkey (1,893) and Pakistan (1,773) during the said period, Facebook said in its Government Requests Report.
“We restricted access in India to a number of pieces of  content reported primarily by law enforcement officials and the India Computer Emergency Response Team under local laws prohibiting criticism of a religion or the state,” Facebook said in the report.
India is also ranked second, just behind the US, in terms of government requests for access to users and accounts.
During January-June 2014, Facebook said it had received 4,559 requests for information on 5,958 users and accounts. Of this, 50.87 per cent of requests saw some data being produced.
Compared to the July-December 2013 period, the number of requests has gone up over 26 per cent, while it is higher by 40 per cent compared to the same period last year.
Facebook said it received 15,433 total requests for 23,667 users and accounts and 80.15 per cent of requests saw some data being produced.
“Since our first report, we’ve seen an increase in government requests for data and for content restrictions. In the first six months of 2014, governments around the world made 34,946 requests for data — an increase of about 24 per cent since the last half of 2013,” Facebook Deputy General Counsel Chris Sonderby said in a blogpost.
During the same time, the amount of content restricted because of local laws increased about 19 per cent, he added.
“We scrutinise every government request we receive for legal sufficiency under our terms and the strict letter of the law, and push back hard when we find deficiencies or are served with overly broad requests,” he said.
He added that the US-based firm, which has about 1.3 billion users, will continue to work with industry and civil society partners to push governments for additional transparency.
“While we recognise that governments need to take action to protect their citizens’ safety and security, we believe all government data requests must be narrowly tailored, proportionate to the case in review, and subject to strict judicial oversight,” he said.

Assam renews plea for Bharat Ratna to Bhupen Hazarika on 3rd deathanniversaryHazarika was conferred the Padma Vibhushan posthumously in 2012. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:18 pm
Even as Assam paid rich tributes to Bhupen Hazarika on his third death anniversary today, the Assam government renewed its plea for a Bharat Ratna to the legendary singer, musician, poet and filmmaker, with chief minister Tarun Gogoi saying a fresh proposal has been sent to the Centre in this regard.
“Bhupen Hazarika deserved a Bharat Ratna long ago. We have been pressing the Centre for conferring the highest award on him for several years. We have sent a fresh proposal again,” Chief Minister Gogoi said during a function at the site where Hazarika was cremated three years ago. The Assam State Assembly had earlier passed a resolution twice requesting the Centre to confer Bharat Ratna on him. Hazarika was conferred the Padma Vibhushan posthumously in 2012.
Gogoi however could not satisfy Hazarika’s fans and admirers on why the construction of a befitting memorial to the most well-known Assamese had not taken off despite several deadlines. The state government, which had earmarked Rs 10 crore for the Hazarika memorial in early 2013 had set November 2014 as the deadline for completion of the memorial. In reality, however not even five per cent work has been completed.
“Projects do get delayed. The Srimanta Sankaradeva Kalakshetra construction too was delayed. The Siu-Ka-Pha Khetra construction has not been completed even after seven years,” Gogoi, who had in August last year directed officials to complete the project as early as possible, said.
The proposed Bhupen Hazarika memorial will be a two-storied structure with a library, an auditorium and an audio-visual room. An open air theatre and a pen-shaped aluminium silhouetted statue of Hazarika along with a musical fountain are also on the cards.
Meanwhile, Asam Sahitya Sabha, the highest literary body of Assam today named noted filmmaker Adoor Gopalakrishnan for the second Bhupen Hazarika International Integrity award. To be given away in March next year in Guwahati, the award carries a cash amount of Rs five lakh, a citation and a memento. Given once in two years, the first winner of this award was Lubna Mariam, well-known dance exponent and writer of Bangladesh.
Coinciding with his third death anniversary, the Assam government today unveiled a new project of establishing open-air stages in the memory of Bhupen Hazarika in all the 219 development blocks of the state. To be built at a cost of Rs 25 lakh each, these open-air stages would also have a park alongside.

Assam renews plea for Bharat Ratna to Bhupen Hazarika on 3rd death anniversaryHazarika was conferred the Padma Vibhushan posthumously in 2012. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:18 pm
Even as Assam paid rich tributes to Bhupen Hazarika on his third death anniversary today, the Assam government renewed its plea for a Bharat Ratna to the legendary singer, musician, poet and filmmaker, with chief minister Tarun Gogoi saying a fresh proposal has been sent to the Centre in this regard.
“Bhupen Hazarika deserved a Bharat Ratna long ago. We have been pressing the Centre for conferring the highest award on him for several years. We have sent a fresh proposal again,” Chief Minister Gogoi said during a function at the site where Hazarika was cremated three years ago. The Assam State Assembly had earlier passed a resolution twice requesting the Centre to confer Bharat Ratna on him. Hazarika was conferred the Padma Vibhushan posthumously in 2012.
Gogoi however could not satisfy Hazarika’s fans and admirers on why the construction of a befitting memorial to the most well-known Assamese had not taken off despite several deadlines. The state government, which had earmarked Rs 10 crore for the Hazarika memorial in early 2013 had set November 2014 as the deadline for completion of the memorial. In reality, however not even five per cent work has been completed.
“Projects do get delayed. The Srimanta Sankaradeva Kalakshetra construction too was delayed. The Siu-Ka-Pha Khetra construction has not been completed even after seven years,” Gogoi, who had in August last year directed officials to complete the project as early as possible, said.
The proposed Bhupen Hazarika memorial will be a two-storied structure with a library, an auditorium and an audio-visual room. An open air theatre and a pen-shaped aluminium silhouetted statue of Hazarika along with a musical fountain are also on the cards.
Meanwhile, Asam Sahitya Sabha, the highest literary body of Assam today named noted filmmaker Adoor Gopalakrishnan for the second Bhupen Hazarika International Integrity award. To be given away in March next year in Guwahati, the award carries a cash amount of Rs five lakh, a citation and a memento. Given once in two years, the first winner of this award was Lubna Mariam, well-known dance exponent and writer of Bangladesh.
Coinciding with his third death anniversary, the Assam government today unveiled a new project of establishing open-air stages in the memory of Bhupen Hazarika in all the 219 development blocks of the state. To be built at a cost of Rs 25 lakh each, these open-air stages would also have a park alongside.

Sebi-DLF case: SAT allows realty major to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 1 806 croreBankruptcy
(The debt-laden firm has…)
MUMBAI: MUMBAI: In an interim relief against Sebi order, realty giant DLF was today allowed by the Securities Appellate Tribunal to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 1,806 crore till next month.
After hearing an appeal for interim relief by DLF, the Tribunal allowed the company to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 767 crore in the current month and further funds worth Rs 1,039 crore in December.
DLF had sought permission to redeem funds locked in mutual funds after being slapped with the market regulator's ban last month from accessing the capital market for 3 years.
The Delhi-based developer had made the request through an affidavit submitted on Monday to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which is hearing DLF's appeal against the unprecedented ban imposed by the watchdog last month on the company and six of its top officials.
The affidavit was filed following a direction from the tribunal last Thursday.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, will begin its final hearing on December 10 on DLF's main plea against Sebi order.
At an earlier hearing on October 30, the SAT had asked DLF to specifically mention the time-frame, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
The SAT has further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
Last month, Sebi banned DLF and six of its senior-most officials, including founder-Chairman K P Singh, from capital markets for three years. The company challenged the ban in SAT and had sought an interim relief on October 22.
The Sebi took action against DLF for not disclosing the details about three of its 353 subsidiaries/associate companies in its 2007 IPO filing. This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders about 4 per cent, among others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold plunges by over Rs 500; seen at 24 000 before making recovery(Gold prices are trading…)
By Manisha Gupta
Gold and silver prices continue to travel south with little impetus and even thin support lines, as most analysts and banks are still putting a sell on the sector.
Gold prices are trading at a 4-year low on the back of a strong US dollar , which is supported by strong US economic data and the possibility of the Fed hinting at increasing interest rates after holding them at record low levels for nearly 8 years.
Gold prices had made a record high of $1923 in global markets when the US had started the monetary stimulus, making the market flush with liquidity, and as that program ended, the impact has been immense.
However, the US Federal Reserve monthly bond buying programme came to an end in the previous week.
The Indian gold prices made record highs last year after the Indian government put curbs on the import of gold to control the growing current account deficit (CAD). The Indian markets saw record high premiums and prices hit an all-time high of Rs 34000 plus for 10 gms.
Gold's poorer counterpart silver has slipped even more. While the global gold prices are off near 45 per cent from its highs, silver has come off 62 per cent from its all-time highs.
The other factor weighing on the prices has been the falling crude oil prices on the back of a global supply glut. The output from the US, the Middle East, Russia and South Africa is showing at record highs and demand hasn't been keeping pace. The weak crude oil prices have eroded demand for the precious metals as an inflation hedge.
Yet another reason that bothers prices is extension of easy money stimulus from the Bank of Japan and expectation of it from the European Central banks. Fresh stimulus at a time when the inflation in DM's hasn't shown a sign of life is no encouragement for gold bulls.
Physical buying in the world's two major consumers, India and China, continues to be weak. The global ETF holdings are the lowest in 6 years. Funds also have pulled money from the gold funds across the world.
Goldman Sachs has talked about $1080 by the year-end. There are similar reports from Barclays , Society General and Bank of America ML. The cost of gold mining is at $850 to $950 an ounce. So the commodity is able to absorb the price decline, but it would defiantly take a toll on expansions and any new plans in the space.
The positive is the contrarian view from some funds that a bottom for the prices may have been formed. Other thing to watch out on Nov 27th is the Swiss referendum, which if passed will see other central banks moving to acquire more gold.
That would be the support for the near term, but 2015 will come back with its US rate hike and gold will take another hit when that happens.
In the Indian markets the rupee stability has put pressure on the gold prices, which are now at the lowest level in 4 years. Indians who would otherwise lap up gold at lower levels have been taken aback by the speed of decline in its prices and are waiting on the sidelines for the prices to stabilise before buying in the physical market.
The momentum is still on the lower side and the current fall can take the gold prices down to Rs 25000- 24000 before seeing a meaningful buying. The silver prices can fall up to Rs 32000 in the near term.
In late trade, gold in futures trading at the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) was lower by Rs 530, or over 2 per cent, at Rs 25,433 per 10 grams.
(The author is Editor - Currency and Commodities at ET Now. Views and recommendations expressed in this section are her own)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ipca Labs down 15%; CS cuts rating on stockCredit Suisse downgrades Ipca Labs; stock plunges 15%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 10.56AM IST
Tags:
Credit Suisse
(Credit Suisse is of the view…)
MUMBAI: Shares of pharmaceutical company Ipca Laboratories plunged nearly 15 per cent in trade after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to 'Underperform' from 'Neutral' and lowered its target price.
According to the brokerage, adverse FDA action is likely at the company's Ratlam API and Indore SEZ plant. The 483 observations are critical and may delay US sales recovery, it said.
Credit Suisse is of the view that there are 6 observations on Indore SEZ in Form 483 out of which 2 are critical observations.
The company had received inspection observations in Form 483 from the USFDA in the month of July. Following the observations, API shipments to the US market were temporarily suspended from its Ratlam plant.
The brokerage has lowered its target price to Rs 600 from Rs 740 post critical 483 observations
At 09:30 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 668, down 10.49 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 14.91 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 635.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Hits 28 000: Why You Should Now Turn CautiousGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
The BSE Sensex scaled above 28,000 for the first time on Wednesday and the 50-share Nifty also hit a record high above 8,350. The rebound in domestic equities has come after a brief correction in October, when the Sensex ended below 26,000. But, the benchmark has taken just 12 sessions to accumulate 2,000 points from October 16 and at current rate, it may well cross 30,000 by the end of the year, making 2014 one of the best years for equities since 2009. ( Read the full story here )
In normal circumstances, investors would turn circumspect after such a strong rally, but the current mood on the Dalal Street is anything but subdued. Bank of America, which spoke to 80 large investors in the US and Asia last month, said the overwhelming sentiment was "overweight" on India. This consensus bullish tone should be a reason for worry or caution for investors. Remember Warren Buffett often says that investors should be fearful when others are greedy. (Also read: Why markets are up )
Here are some reasons why investors should be cautious amid the current euphoria:
1) Overseas flows are slowing: The over 30 per cent year-to-date surge in Sensex and Nifty should be attributed to strong fund flows. According to Morningstar, the total value of FII investment in Indian equity markets as of September 30, 2014 was $294 billion or over 19 per cent of the market capitalization of India. This is one of the highest levels of FII investments in the country. In the first two quarters of 2014, net FII flows in equities totaled $10.8 billion, but the third quarter (ending September) saw flows worth $3.1 billion only. The fourth quarter has started on a negative note, with FIIs selling equities in October.
2) Short-term support, but uncertainty remains: The sharp deceleration in FII flows coincide with the end of the six-year monetary stimulus by the US Federal Reserve in October. The first few days of November have seen robust FII flows as the Bank of Japan has announced a massive stimulus, which will boost Indian equities in the short-run. The real test for India will come when the US Fed starts raising rates sometime next year. Noted economist Moses Harding says, "Indian financial markets cannot stay ring-fenced despite domestic euphoria nor take comfort from upside momentum in growth or ease in inflation or significant improvement in fiscal deficit". ( Read Mr Harding's advice for investors )
3) Global economy continues to weigh: The continued uncertainty about growth prospects in Eurozone, Japan and emerging markets has led economist Nouriel Roubini to compare the global economy to a jetliner. Mr Roubini says the global economy is flying on a single engine (US). Of the five BRICS economies, three (Brazil, Russia, and South Africa) are close to recession, while the biggest (China) is in the midst of a structural slowdown, he says. Past experience (2008) has shown that India cannot stay immune to what's happening around the world. ( Read )
4) Red flags about Indian economy: Improving economic fundamentals are indeed a source for confidence in equities. The rebound in first quarter GDP (5.7 per cent), fall in inflation and expected narrowing in fiscal deficit demonstrate reasonable strength in the Indian economy. However, credit growth has remained subdued this year, which indicates demand is not picking up yet. The slump in industrial output in July and August is also worrisome as it indicates no revival in investment cycle, Care Ratings says. There are other concerns too: Export slowdown, widening trade deficit, weak auto and home sales - all of which raise doubt about a robust recovery. In fact, Icra Ratings expects September quarter GDP to moderate to just 5 per cent. ( Read more )
5) Much hopes on rate cut, reforms: The latest rally is based on hopes of an earlier-than-expected rate cut announcement, traders say. But many economists believe that the RBI is unlikely to reverse its hawkish stance on inflation just yet. Similarly, there are different view about how fast the government can undertake difficult reforms such as implementing the goods and services tax (GST), cutting down subsidies and easing labour laws. (Read: What Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Said on Reforms )
 

BSE  NSE to remain closed on 6 NovemberBSE  NSE to remain closed on 6 November
Sensex up 55 points  Nifty ends below 8350; Bharti falls 2 per centSensex up 55 points  Nifty ends below 8350; Bharti falls 2 per cent
Gold losing sheen; prices can come down to Rs 24000- 25000 per 10 gmsGold losing sheen; prices can come down to Rs 24000- 25000 per 10 gms
Muthoot Finance: Outcome of board meetingMuthoot Finance: Outcome of board meeting
Pidilite Industries drops amid volatility after Q2 earningsPidilite Industries drops amid volatility after Q2 earnings
Corporate : HCC bags two contracts worth Rs 634.79 croreCorporate : HCC bags two contracts worth Rs 634.79 crore
Bank Nifty Hits 52-Week High; SBI Lead GainsBank Nifty Hits 52-Week High; SBI Lead Gains
Govt s economic measure to push growth up to 8%: PrezHi Guest
Govt's economic measure to push growth up to 8%: Prez
President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday exuded confidence that the government's policy initiatives will soon put Indian economy back on the high growth trajectory of 7 to 8 per cent. "A number of measures aimed at investment revival, strengthening macro-economic stability and ramping up infrastructure will certainly posit India back into the high growth trajectory of 7-8 per cent," Mukherjee said at a SCOPE awards ceremony here. The President noted that the green shoots of recovery were already ...

Shoppers Stop Q2 net rises 60% at Rs 15.9 crShoppers Stop Q2 net rises 60% at Rs 15.9 cr
Survey: Financial services enjoy highest customer loyaltyMobile networks, tech brands follow banks in enjoying customer loyalty, finds Aimia study
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Financial services enjoy the highest level of consumer loyalty according to 50 per cent of the respondents of an online survey. This was followed by loyalty towards mobile networks (40 per cent) and technology brands (36 per cent).
A survey of over 2,500 online respondents in India, conducted by Aimia, a loyalty management and analytical firm, said, “Loyalty to financial services is also evident in loyalty card ownership, with banks scoring the highest with 40 per cent of respondents saying they are members of bank loyalty schemes and 31 per cent saying they are members of credit card loyalty schemes.”
Categories such as supermarkets and grocery rated lower in loyalty and membership compared to other markets surveyed. Indians cite reputation as their main reason for remaining loyal to specific banks; being rewarded for loyalty as the main reason for remaining with credit cards; price as the main reason for remaining with supermarkets and airlines; and quality as the main reason for remaining with fuel retailers and hotels.
“In this era of big data and competitive commerce, companies that win will drive real engagement by using consumer insights to continuously build trust and relevance. The Indian customer will reward brands that are transparent, offer added value and build real relationships with them,” Vikas Choudhury, COO & CFO, Aimia India.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Glenmark Generics gets US FDA nod for ulcer treatment drugHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Glenmark Generics gets US FDA nod for ulcer treatment drug
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Glenmark Generics today said it has received U.S. health regulator’s nod to market generic version of AstraZeneca’s Prilosec, a drug used for treatment of ulcer, in the U.S. market.
Glenmark Generics Inc (GGI) has been granted the final abbreviated new drug approval (ANDA) from the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) for Omeprazole Delayed Release Capsules, their generic version of Prilosec by AstraZeneca, a company statement said.
The approval is for the 10, 20, and 40 mg strengths of Omeprazole.
Quoting IMS Health sales data for the 12 month period ending September 2014, Glenmark said Omeprazole garnered annual sales of approximately $520 million.
Glenmark’s current portfolio consists of 94 products authorised for distribution in the U.S. market and 72 ANDAs are pending approval with the USFDA.
“In addition to these internal filings, GGI continues to identify and explore external development partnerships to supplement and accelerate the growth of the existing pipeline and portfolio,” the company said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Google Glass may cause blind spots in visionGoogle Glass may cause ‘blind spots’ in vision
PTI
Reuters
Washington, Nov 5:  
Wearing Google Glass may partially obstruct peripheral vision, causing blind spots that could interfere with daily tasks such as driving, a new study has found.
Peripheral visual field is a main component of vision and essential for daily activities such as driving, pedestrian safety and sports.
Conventional spectacle frames can reduce visual field, sometimes causing absolute blind spots, and head mounted devices have even more pronounced frames, researchers said.
Tsontcho Ianchulev of the University of California, San Francisco, and colleagues compared performance on visual field tests with a head-mounted device vs regular eyewear to quantify their effect on visual function.
Three healthy individuals with 20/20 best-corrected visual acuity and normal baseline visual fields were tested in April 2014.
Participants used a wearable device (Google Glass, Google Inc), following manufacturer’s instructions, for a 60-minute acclimation period.
Perimetric visual testing (a measurement of the field of vision) was conducted first with the device, followed by a control frame (regular eyewear) of similar colour and temple width.
In addition, to assess how the devices are worn by general consumers, photographs of people wearing the product and facing the camera, obtained from an Internet search, were analysed. Photographs were assessed for prism position relative to the pupil.
Visual field testing demonstrated significant scotomas (blind spots) in all three participants while wearing the device, creating a clinically meaningful visual field obstruction in the upper right quadrant.
Defects were induced by the Google Glass frame hardware design only and were not related to a distracting effect of software-related interference.
An analysis of 132 images indicated that many people wear the device near or overlapping their pupillary axis (a line perpendicular to the surface of the cornea, passing through the center of the pupil), which may induce scotomas and interfere with daily function.
The authors noted that the study is limited by the small number of participants, who may not be representative of all users, and that a larger sample is needed to identify factors that influence scotoma size and depth.
“Additional studies are needed to understand the effects of these devices on visual function, particularly as their use becomes increasingly common,” the authors concluded in the study published in the journal JAMA.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Ebola-carrying bats may shed insight into fighting infectionmedical research
Bats are living up to their frightening reputation in the world's worst Ebola outbreak as prime suspects for spreading the deadly virus to humans, but scientists believe they may also shed valuable light on fighting infection.
Bats can carry more than 100 different viruses, including Ebola, rabies and severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), without becoming sick themselves.
While that makes them a fearsome reservoir of disease, especially in the forests of Africa where they migrate vast distances, it also opens the intriguing possibility that scientists might learn their trick in keeping killers like Ebola at bay.
"If we can understand how they do it then that could lead to better ways to treat infections that are highly lethal in people and other mammals," said Dr. Olivier Restif, a researcher at the University of Cambridge in Britain.
Clues are starting to emerge following gene analysis, which suggests bats' capacity to evade Ebola could be linked with their other stand-out ability - the power of flight.
Flying requires the bat metabolism to run at a very high rate, causing stress and potential cell damage, and experts think bats may have developed a mechanism to limit this damage by having parts of their immune system permanently switched on.
The threat to humans from bats comes en route to the dinner plate. Bushmeat - from bats to antelopes, squirrels, porcupines and monkeys - has long held pride of place on menus in West and Central Africa. The danger of contracting Ebola lies in exposure to infected blood in the killing and preparation of animals.
Natural hosts
Scientists studying Ebola since its discovery in 1976 in Democratic Republic of Congo, then Zaire, have long suspected fruit bats as being the natural hosts, though the link to humans is sometimes indirect as fruit dropped by infected bats can easily be picked up by other species, spreading the virus to animals.
This nexus of infection in wildlife leads to sporadic Ebola outbreaks following human contact with blood or other infected animal fluids.
This no doubt happened in the current outbreak, although the scale of the crisis now gripping Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, which has killed around 5,000 people, reflects subsequent public health failures.
"What is happening now is a public health disaster rather than a problem of wildlife management," said Marcus Rowcliffe at the Zoological Society of London (ZSL), which runs London Zoo.
Bats' role in spreading Ebola is probably a function both of their huge numbers, where they rank second only to rodents among mammals in the world, as well as their unusual immune system, according to Dr. Michelle Baker of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Australia's national science agency.
Dr. Baker, who is intrigued by bats' ability to live in "equilibrium" with viruses, published a paper with colleagues in the journal Nature last year looking at bat genomes. They found an unexpected concentration of genes for repairing DNA damage, hinting at a link between flying and immunity.
"(This) raises the interesting possibility that flight-induced adaptations have had inadvertent effects on bat immune function and possibly also life expectancy," they wrote.
Understanding bats
As well as tolerating viruses, bats are also amazingly long-lived. The tiny Brandt's bat, a resident of Europe and Asia, has been recorded living for more than 40 years, even though it is barely the size of a mouse. Bats also rarely get cancer.
"We are just at the beginning," Dr. Baker said in a telephone interview. "But if we can understand how bats are dealing with these viruses and if we can redirect the immune system of other species to react in the same way, then that could be a potential therapeutic approach."
Turning on components of the immune system can bring its own health problems, but the idea - which has yet to get beyond the basic research stage - is to turn up certain elements to achieve a better balance.
One reason why Ebola is so deadly to people is that the virus attacks the immune system and when the system finally comes back it goes into over-drive, causing extra damage.
Ebola works in part by blocking interferon, an anti-virus molecule, which Dr. Baker has found to be "up-regulated", meaning it is found in higher levels, in bats.
Venison, with wings
The bat immune system may or may not lead to new drugs one day. Still, experts argue there are plenty of other reasons to cherish bats, which also play a vital role in pollination and controlling insect pests.
They are also a traditional source of protein in West Africa, often served in a spicy stew, and restrictions on bushmeat consumption are now contributing to food shortages in parts of West Africa, according to the International Food Policy Research Institute.
Hunting and butchering bats may be risky but cooking is thought to make them safe. WHO advises animals should be handled with "gloves and other appropriate protective clothing" and meat should be "thoroughly cooked".

Cracks in the Brics start to showCracks in the Brics start to show
Gideon Rachman
A shared feeling that the west has run things for too long masks deep divergences in world views
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9dcc565e-5ec4-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

November Sales Will be Lower Than Last Year: Bajaj AutoYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
November Sales Will be Lower Than Last Year: Bajaj Auto
Published On:                  November  3, 2014                 | Duration: 14 min, 41 sec

Tech groups aid terror  says UK spy chiefTech groups aid terror, says UK spy chief
Sam Jones and Murad Ahmed in London
More video
The new chief of Britain’s electronic spying agency, GCHQ, has accused US technology companies of becoming “the command and control networks of choice” for terrorists in a broadside against Silicon Valley in his first week in office.
In an article for the Financial Times, Robert Hannigan, the new director of GCHQ , accuses some US tech companies of being “in denial” about the misuse of their services even as he calls for them to work more closely with intelligence agencies.
“However much they may dislike it, they have become the command and control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals, who find their services as transformational as the rest of us.”
More
Judge overturns ban on books sent to jails
Most internet users, he adds, “would be comfortable with a better and more sustainable relationship between the [intelligence] agencies and the tech companies”.
His remarks underscore growing tensions in the western intelligence community as internet companies have moved to protect their brands one year after the revelations by the whistleblower Edward Snowden . His dispersal of a vast trove of classified intelligence material exposed mass electronic US and UK surveillance activities to the world in June last year.
“The challenge to governments and to the intelligence agencies is huge,” Mr Hannigan writes, describing the post-Snowden digital tactics used by jihadis such as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (known as Isis) as a milestone in the development of the internet.
GCHQ and its sister agencies MI5 and SIS (the UK’s domestic and international intelligence agencies) “cannot tackle these challenges at scale without greater support . . . including [from] the largest US tech companies which dominate the web.”
An eruption of extremist jihadi material online as well as evermore sophisticated methods of encrypting and disguising important communications between terrorists have left western intelligence agencies scrambling to maintain their surveillance capabilities amid the most worrisome rise in violent jihadism since the World Trade Center attacks.
Isis fighters are prolific users of dozens of different social media platforms : from the well known such as Twitter and YouTube to the more specialised such as JustPaste.it or Russia’s VKontakte. Many modish communications platforms, such as the free text-messaging service WhatsApp, have become an integrated part of the Isis command structure: the app is one of several used by anonymous military commanders of Isis to disseminate instructions to its fighters in the field.
Robert Hannigan: Web is terrorist’s command-and-control network of choice
People do not want social media platforms to facilitate murder, writes new GCHQ chief
Many large internet companies have continued to adhere to requests for information from US spymasters, particularly the National Security Agency, according to security officials. But GCHQ’s intelligence-collection abilities have become “much harder” in the past 18 months, British security officials say, as US technology companies have become less co-operative with foreign intelligence agencies, even those such as the UK that work intimately with US authorities.
Three UK security officials said that US technology companies such as Google and Facebook have curbed the ability of UK intelligence to tap valuable electronic data in the wake of the Snowden leaks. “The UK has had the most to lose [from Snowden],” said one.
The UK government’s position has shifted substantially over the past year: six months ago politicians ruled out new legislation to compel internet companies to grant GCHQ access, but now many in Westminster are minded to draft new laws.
Mr Hannigan’s decision to go public with his critique will be seen as reflecting the intensity of the government’s concern. GCHQ has long been known as the most secretive of the UK’s three intelligence agencies. Sir Iain Lobban, Mr Hannigan’s predecessor, became the first director to speak publicly when he testified before parliament in the wake of the Snowden leaks last year.
Technology industry insiders expressed alarm at the idea of creating “better arrangements” to share user information – as Mr Hannigan calls for in his opinion piece.
One senior executive at a US tech group said any agreement to circumvent the current process, which requires law-enforcement groups to seek a court order before a company hands over data, would be “eliminating due process and that could be a dangerous situation”.
“What should we do if the Saudi or Russian government also demanded information be handed over on the spot?” he said.
Another industry insider said it was for the government to legislate on the rules for internet surveillance, rather than for the UK intelligence groups to “cajole” tech companies into handing over sensitive information. “We don’t believe in creating back doors,” they said.
Companies including Google, Yahoo , Facebook and Microsoft have consistently denied they have granted access to their systems to intelligence services, in response to revelations that US and UK security agencies were able to tap into the internal networks of America’s leading tech companies.
Many have also released transparency reports showing how many times they have received requests for user data from governments around the world. Executives said that these show that, in the UK, tech groups have been complying with official requests for data in greater numbers than ever before.
In other areas tech companies have enhanced co-operation with British authorities in tackling extremist content online, too.
Google’s video-sharing site YouTube allows its “community” of users to flag inappropriate content – including videos of beheadings conducted by Isis – in order for them to be taken down. The Home Office has been granted permissions as a “trusted flagger” of YouTube videos, allowing civil servants to request clips be taken down en masse, one of the reasons that it is rare to find graphic videos of beheadings on the site.
Google, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft declined to comment.
This article has been re-edited since publication
Related Topics

Amazon Has A Big  White  Male Problemreddit
E-commerce giant Amazon has revealed that the company is a lot like its tech industry peers: mostly male and predominantly white.
On Friday, Amazon published a long-awaited report on diversity showing that the company's global workforce is 63 percent male and 37 percent female, while 75 percent of managers are male.
Domestically, 60 percent of Amazon employees are white, 15 percent are black, 13 percent are Asian and 9 percent are Hispanic, according to the report. Again, 75 percent of Amazon managers are white.
The company has been under pressure from civil rights leaders and organizations. Jessie Jackson of the Rainbow PUSH Coalition, one of the networks advocating for diversity disclosures, told The Seattle Times last week that Amazon's all-white senior leadership and board are "skewed toward white-male supremacy.”
“Their general work force data released by Amazon seems intentionally deceptive, as the company did not include the race or gender breakout of their technical work force,” Rainbow PUSH wrote in a statement to The New York Times published Friday. “The broad assumption is that a high percentage of their black and Latino employees work in their warehouses.”
Amazon did not immediately respond to The Huffington Post's request for comment.
The company's report is the latest in a series of recent tech-industry diversity disclosures, including ones from Twitter and Apple , both of which also reported an abundance of men and white people.
However, Amazon has come under particular fire because unlike those other companies, it is not revealing the racial and gender breakdown of its technical employees, instead offering only the numbers for its general workforce.
Amazon's report details some of the ways the company is trying to increase diversity among its 150,000 workers, including professional development groups for minorities, investments in STEM education and a program to help employees pay for college.
"We are working to develop leaders and shape future talent pools to help us meet the needs of our customers around the world," the report says.
More:

World Trade Center reopens for business 13 years after 9/11 terror attacksWorld Trade Center reopens for business 13 years after 9/11 terror attacks
PTI
A street level view of the One World Trade Center tower in New York. The 104-story skyscraper built after 9/11 as the Freedom Tower but is now simply called One World Trade Center. Photo: Reuters
Employees working in the lobby of the One World Trade Center tower in New York. Photo: Reuters
Conde Nast becomes the first tenant to move into the new building
New York, Nov 4:  
The silvery skyscraper that rose from the ashes of the September 11, 2001 terror attacks to become a symbol of American resilience has opened for business, as 175 employees of the magazine publishing giant Conde Nast settled into their first day of work there.
The opening of the country’s tallest building yesterday, One World Trade Center, marked a symbolic return to a sense of normalcy for the site where the twin towers fell more than 13 years ago.
“The New York City skyline is whole again,” said Patrick Foye, executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns both the building and the World Trade Center site.
Steps away from the new 1,776-foot (541-metre) tower are two memorial fountains built on the footprints of the decimated towers, a reminder of the more than 2,700 people who died.
Conde Nast, publisher of Vogue, The New Yorker and Vanity Fair, is expected to move in about 3,000 more employees by early next year, eventually occupying 25 floors of the $3.9 billion, 104-story tower.
Privately, some Conde Nast employees acknowledged that they were nervous about working in a skyscraper that could again be a terrorist target.
Foye countered that it’s “the most secure office building in America’’. And its chief architect, TJ Gottesdiener, said the high-rise was built with steel-reinforced concrete that makes it as terror attack-proof as possible “much stronger than the original towers that collapsed when the hijacked planes hit’’.
The stairwells are built with a hardened concrete core, and wider to allow firefighters to move while people exit. The building’s mechanical systems are also encased in hardened concrete.
“If my son told me he had a job in the trade center Tower 1, I would have no qualms about him being there,” Gottesdiener said.
One World Trade Center is 60 per cent leased. Its eight-year construction came after years of political, financial and legal infighting that threatened to derail the project.
The area has prospered in recent years. About 60,000 more residents now live in the area “three times more than before 9/11” keeping streets, restaurants and shops alive even after Wall Street and other offices close for the day.
Still, it’s a bittersweet victory.
“The city and the world were watching us, and we had to do it right, to do it better than before,” Gottesdiener said. .
“And we did it, we finally did it.”
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Tirupur exports soarMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Knitwear garment exports from Tirupur, the knitwear capital of India, have increased 16% in value in rupee terms and 13.35% in dollar terms in the first half of this fiscal (April-September) to R10,050 crore as compared to R8,650 crore reported in the same period last fiscal.
The exports may cross the R21,000 crore mark in 2014-15. “The Tirupur export growth rate is in the same league as the all India garment exports growth rate,” said A Sakthivel, Tirupur Exporters Association (TEA). While appreciating exporters for their efforts in achieving this figure, Sakthivel said the industry is eagerly awaiting the announcement on continuance of 3% interest subvention on packing credit with retrospective effect from April 1, 2014, and also the new Foreign Trade Policy 2014-19.
He said Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission’s proposal for increased power tariff to HT and LT consumers by 30% will adversely impact exports. Sakthivel also said Canada has proposed to withdraw the entitlement to the benefit of General Preferential Tariff to 72 countries, including India, effective January 1, 2015.
TAGS: Tirupur Exports Tirupur Exports Growth Tirupur Exports Profit
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Maruti Expects Shift in Demand for Petrol CarsYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Expects Shift in Demand for Petrol Cars
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 16:56 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Kolkata: Country's largest passenger car maker Maruti Suzuki is expecting a shift towards petrol vehicles with the recent deregulation of diesel by the government.
"We expect that the passenger preference will shift towards purchase of petrol cars as the diesel prices got de-regulated and price gap between the two are narrowing down", vice-president and commercial business head of Maruti S N Burman said.
He said that presently the proportion of diesel and petrol cars for Maruti was at 30 per cent and 70 per cent respectively.
"For Maruti, petrol cars sell most because its two bestselling models, Alto and WagonR, were in this version", he told reporters at the launch of new Alto K10.
The industry trend was 45 per cent for diesel and 55 per cent for petrol.
Maruti had the flexibility to ramp up production of petrol cars when the demand picked up to higher levels, he said.
About new segment entries, he said that Maruti did not have presence in the sports utility vehicle (SUV) segment.
"The company is planning to introduce a SUV in the next year", he said.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 16:55 (IST)

Swift  GO cars meet Indian safety norms: SIAMSwift, GO cars meet Indian safety norms: SIAM
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 21:14 IST
Suzuki Motor Corp Chief Executive Osamu Suzuki leaves a stage after posing with a remodelled Swift at its unveiling ceremony in Tokyo (Photo: Reuters)
Stating that car makers in India meet the country's safety norms, auto industry body SIAM on Tuesday defended Maruti Suzuki and Nissan, which had failed crash tests conducted by Global NCAP on their Swift and Datsun GO models, respectively.
Lashing out at Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, for "scaremongering", SIAM Director General Vishnu Mathur said: "Every country has its own safety requirements. Our cars are meeting safety norms set by the government."
He further said the protocol followed by Global NCAP was not designed for India and tests must be conducted based on the conditions here. Even in a developed market like Europe, crash test is done at a speed of 56 kmph and not at 64 kmph as done by Global NCAP.
"Our average speed in India is far slower. To say that a particular car hasn't met its (Global NCAP) test is nothing but scaremongering," Mathur said.
"There is no data to prove that a particular car is dangerous based on how many occupants have been killed in accidents," he said, adding the Global NCAP had issued a test result based on just a crash test.
He said India is already working on road safety regulations, based not just on crash test but after considering overall safety related issues.
Mathur also defended the companies stating that they have not "duped consumers".
"None of these companies have ever claimed that their models are 5 star rated on safety. The consumers are aware what they are buying. What Global NCAP should be doing is to spread awareness on safety and encourage customers to but cars with all safety features, even if they come at higher cost," he said.
On Monday, Global NCAP had said Maruti Suzuki India's popular hatchback Swift and Nissan's Datsun GO have failed crash tests showing "high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection".
"These risks would be significantly reduced if the cars had to comply with the UN test regulation for frontal and side impact," Global NCAP had said in a statement.
Both Maruti Suzuki and Nissan had stated they fully conformed to all the regulations that are presently applicable in India.

Related gets deed to Chicago Spire siteThe Chicago Spire's developer did not make a required payment to Related Midwest Friday that would have allowed it to retain possession of the coveted site for at least a little longer. Now, Related wants the property, stat. ( Mary Ellen Podmolik )
While there remain loose ends to tie up in Shelbourne's bankruptcy reorganization, Related Midwest is now free to pursue the development of the site itself or sell it to another entity. It has not disclosed its intentions for the property.
"We recognize the importance of this site to the city of Chicago and look forward to creating an architecturally significant and thoughtful development befitting this premier location," said Related Midwest president Curt Bailey in a statement.

SIAM defends Maruti  NissanNEW DELHI, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 23:42 IST
SIAM defends Maruti, Nissan
automobile
‘Every country has its own safety requirements. Our cars are meeting safety norms set by the government’
Stating that car makers in India meet the country’s safety norms, auto industry body SIAM on Wednesday defended Maruti Suzuki and Nissan, which had failed crash tests conducted by Global NCAP on their Swift and Datsun GO models, respectively.
Lashing out at Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, for ‘scaremongering’, SIAM Director-General Vishnu Mathur said: “Every country has its own safety requirements. Our cars are meeting safety norms set by the government.”
He further said the protocol followed by Global NCAP was not designed for India and tests must be conducted based on the conditions here. Even in a developed market like Europe, crash test is done at a speed of 56 km per hour and not at 64 km per hour as done by Global NCAP.
“Our average speed in India is far slower. To say that a particular car hasn’t met its (Global NCAP) test is nothing but scaremongering,” Mr. Mathur said.
“There is no data to prove that a particular car is dangerous based on how many occupants have been killed in accidents,” he said, adding that the Global NCAP had issued a test result based on just a crash test.
He said India was already working on road safety regulations, based not just on crash test but after considering overall safety related issues. Mr. Mathur also defended the companies stating that they had not ‘duped consumers’.
“None of these companies have ever claimed that their models are 5 star rated on safety. The consumers are aware what they are buying. What Global NCAP should be doing is to spread awareness on safety and encourage customers to buy cars with all safety features, even if they come at higher cost,” he said.
On Tuesday, Global NCAP had said Maruti Suzuki India’s popular hatchback Swift and Nissan’s Datsun GO have failed crash tests showing “high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.’’

Aditya Birla Minerals in discussion to sell Mt Gordon mineUpdated: November 4, 2014 23:39 IST
Aditya Birla Minerals in discussion to sell Mt Gordon mine
PTI
metal and mineral
Aditya Birla Minerals, owned by the Aditya Birla group, is in talks with a potential buyer to sell its Mt Gordon copper mine in Australia.
After putting the mine operations under ‘care and maintenance’ for the last 18 months, the company has said it has already started negotiations with a ‘third party’ for sale.
Aditya Birla Minerals, a copper mining company located in Australia, has operations in Western Australia and Queensland.
The company conducts copper mining and exploration activities at the Nifty Copper Operation in Western Australia and the Mt Gordon Copper Operations, near Mt Isa in Queensland.
“As part of the strategic review of the company’s Mt Gordon operations, the management is now in negotiations with a third party for the potential disinvestment of 100 per cent shares in Birla Mt Gordon,” the company said in a filing to the Australian Stock Exchange.
Negotiations
“These negotiations may or may not conclude successfully, however the market will be informed appropriately if the board takes any decision to enter into a binding sale agreement,” it added.
The Mt Gordon operation, located in north-west Queensland, about 120 km north of Mt Isa, was set up to produce copper in concentrate at an annualised rate of about 1.4 million tonnes per annum of ore processing.
The company did not undertake any field exploration on Mt Grodon since April, 2013. It recently held discussions with the Queensland Department of Natural Resources and Mines, and a plan for rationalisation of current granted regional tenure was under preparation for submission to the authority.
Copper concentrates from Aditya Birla Minerals’ copper mines are shipped to Hindalco Industries’ copper smelter in India. Hindalco has 51 per cent shareholding in Aditya Birla Minerals.
The company recommenced mining operations and production from the Nifty mine during the July-September quarter after a prohibition notice was issued by the Department of Mines and Petroleum subsequent to a sinkhole incident in March, 2014.
Copper production and sales of the company during the quarter ended September, 2014 decreased by 80 per cent and 98 per cent, respectively, during the quarter ended September 30, 2014 compared to the corresponding quarter last year, due to no production till last week of August.

Tinder Swiping Left On CEOreddit
Sean Rad, cofounder and CEO of dating app Tinder, is reportedly getting demoted .
Internet company IAC, which owns a majority stake in Tinder, has decided to replace 28-year-old Rad as CEO, Forbes reported on Tuesday, though it has invited him to stick around to "focus on product."
Forbes suggested the demotion is connected to a lawsuit filed earlier this year by Tinder's former vice president of marketing, Whitney Wolfe, against Tinder and IAC. The suit accused Tinder's former chief marketing officer, Justin Mateen, a close confidante of Rad's, of sexual harassment and discrimination.
“If the Whitney thing didn’t happen it would be difficult for IAC to demote Sean, because they’d have a lot to answer for,” an insider told Forbes. “But the lawsuit gave them an out.”
In her lawsuit, Wolfe claimed Mateen, her ex-boyfriend, called her a "whore" and a "little girl" in front of other employees. Mateen resigned from Tinder last September. Wolfe got about $1 million to settle the suit, a source told Forbes.
Neither Tinder nor IAC immediately responded to The Huffington Post's requests for comment.
Rad told Forbes that Tinder is "looking for an Eric Schmidt-like person,” to take over as CEO, referring to Google's executive chairman. After Mateen's resignation and Wolfe's lawsuit, Tinder is likely looking for a more professional, older and experienced CEO to run the company. Google hired Schmidt (an older, more serious businessman) as its CEO to replace co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 2001.
More:

ICE chief blasts rivals tactics to lure usersICE chief blasts rival’s tactics to lure users
Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/22dd83dc-643c-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Americans dont trust lower gas pricesUneven recovery
Why Americans don’t trust lower gas prices
Gas prices are at 4-year lows, but Americans don't think it will last. A look at our peculiar psychological relationship with gas prices.
By Danielle Paquette November 4 Follow @dpaqreport
(Reuters/Mario Anzuoni)
The young woman frowned at the Kroger gas station sign on Sunday. Unleaded gas, the bane of her monthly budget, was suddenly $2.60 per gallon. Unfortunately, her tank was nearly full.
She mourned the lost savings.
Brittany Tripp Schulz, 24, lives in Murfreesboro, Tenn., with her husband, Danny. Each day, she commutes 70 miles round-trip to her recruiting job at a Nashville insurance company. Her gas light flashes every six days.
Brittany Tripp Schulz, 24, lives in Murfreesboro, Tenn., with her husband, Danny. (Photo courtesy Brittany Tripp Schulz)
“I thought, ‘Why? Why can’t it be this cheap when I’m empty?” Schulz said. “I don’t expect that price to last.”
Filling up her silver Nissan Altima usually costs $55. Lately, $45. Schulz, who records each expense on an Excel spreadsheet, first noticed declining fuel prices in September. She can’t believe they keep dropping.
This week, for the first time in four years, average U.S. gas prices dipped below $3 per gallon — an economic boost for consumers who have come to expect paying more at the pump. The bottom fifth of American earners spend up to 13 percent of their income on gasoline.
Many, however, see the recent price drop as a rare bonus with good timing. A common sentiment: Celebrate, but don’t get used to it.
Gallup polls from the past seven years reveal our national tendency to brace for   higher gas prices  over and over again. When they spike, we blame the president, Congress, oil companies and the Middle East (but seldom express surprise). When they dip, we’re hesitant to return to happy-go-luckier driving habits.
The defining trait of American gas prices over the last two decades is fluctuation — and public opinion hasn’t recovered from the whiplash. As Washington Post columnist Catherine Rampell noted recently, overall household income is actually lower than it was when the recession ended, which has only added to commuter angst and apprehension.
“Anecdotally, we’re hearing that consumers tend to think gas prices will head back up,” AAA spokesman Michael Green said. “Most see no hope for long-term lower gas prices.”
More than 60 percent of U.S. stations are now selling gas below $3 per gallon, according to GasBuddy.com . South Carolina and Tennessee are tied for the lowest state average at $2.75 per gallon.
Compare that to gas prices in June, which hovered around $3.60 per gallon, according to AAA. Drivers whose pockets feel fatter can thank America’s shale revolution , which, experts say, is pushing Saudi Arabia to lower crude oil prices.
Gas money saved tends to manifest as discretionary spending elsewhere: an extra sack of groceries, a new television, another holiday gift to wrap. “And it will put more people on the road,” said Chris Christopher, director of consumer markets at IHS . “This is especially helpful for people who can’t afford airfare. People are more likely to drive — and drive longer distances — this season.”
But they’re less likely to incorporate gas savings into any long-term financial plan.
Every dollar helps Schulz, who recently bought a three-bedroom house. Her husband, who studies exercise science at Middle Tennessee State University, plans to work full-time after he graduates in 2016. For now, they’d rather stash away savings than dine out often.
But soon, the highways will be slick with ice. Fall foliage will fade to bare branches. And the gas prices, Schulz believes, will surge.
She and her husband will pour what they deem temporary financial relief into a temporary indulgence: A 300-mile road trip to visit friends and drink beer in Columbus, Ga. This round-trip drive will cost about $80, Schulz estimates. She wants to take advantage of the bargain before it expires.
Danielle Paquette is a reporter covering the intersection of people and policy. She’s from Indianapolis and previously worked for the Tampa Bay Times. Follow her on Twitter: @Dpaqreport.
Next up

Year of the Most Automobile Recalls EverTakata airbag recall questions prompt DOT investigation
Ed Hellwig of the auto website Edmunds.com attributed the record-breaking number to automakers issuing recalls at a higher rate to deal with even the smallest of issues.
“The cars, in terms of quality, are better than ever,” Hellwig said. “I think all manufacturers are being more diligent.”
General Motors has recalled a whopping 26 million cars this year — even though it has sold only 14 million in the last five years. And many cars under recalls are still carrying defects.
The GM ignition switch, which can cut off power to some moving cars, resulted in a recall of 2.3 million cars on the road. More than half now have a new switch, but that leaves more than 1 million cars still needing a repair. GM has said it has parts available.
The automaker also suggested that drivers take the extra keys off their keychain.
Airbag maker Takata Industries is also scrambling to make millions of replacement parts.
The defective inflator in some of its airbags can explode with too much force, shattering the metal into shards that, car safety advocates say, are believed to have killed four people and caused dozens of injuries.
Many customers have been forced to wait, driving vehicles that could have a dangerous airbag.
In GM’s case, it said it was reaching out to customers, trying to get them in to replace ignition switches.
The automaker had even offered $25 gift cards to drivers with affected cars.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.

Game time at last in the global oil marketDownload
Game time arrives in the global oil market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4a053e6-6417-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Data and due processNovember 4, 2014 6:18 pm
Tech companies have no right to define due process on data
Philip Bobbitt
Issues over geeks and spies have become blurred since cold war days, writes Philip Bobbitt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7b37158-6436-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AI cabin crew shortage causes flight delaysAir India cabin crew shortage causes flight delays
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 10:19 IST
Photo for representation purposes only
Shortage of cabin crew at Air India (AI) could endanger lives of its passengers. The national carrier operates some of its flights with only one entry-exit point since the back door has been rendered useless due to staff shortage.
On Tuesday, commander of Mumbai-Delhi flight AI 310 SN Jadhav refused to fly the old Airbus 321 with only three hostesses on board insisting on following Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) guidelines, which state that there must be, at least, five cabin crew in narrow-body domestic planes with both the doors being operational.
According to sources, many AI flights are operating with the back door shown as inoperative due to shortage of cabin crew. "By showing the back door of the aircraft as inoperative, we cannot use it even after it lands at the airport because it is sealed. In an emergency like crash-landing, there would be a near stampede with only one exit door. You have, at least, 200 passengers on board. It is very risky to fly with only one exit-entry door. Flying with one door as inoperative is not uncommon to us but it must be discouraged," an AI crew member said.
Staff shortage delayed as many as 16 flights for hours at Delhi airport on Monday affecting 3,000 passengers. There was shortage of 65 hostesses for 75 domestic flights and 38 for 16 international flights. Similarly, pilots for both domestic and international flights were short of the required strength as per the duty roster.
There was chaos at the airport as many international passengers had to take connecting flights for the next leg of their journey.
The situation more or less remained the same on Tuesday, airline sources told Mail Today. Some cabin crews alleged that the management is soft towards Mumbai-based crew as they have links with Shiv Sena and other political parties. Besides, the airline is facing a heavy rate of attrition with 33 pilots having quit this year alone.
IN AIR POCKET
>>  Air India (AI) operates some of its flights with only one entry-exit point.
>>  Many AI flights are operating with the back door shown as inoperative due to shortage of cabin crew.
>>  In an emergency like crash-landing, there would be a near stampede with only one exit door.
>>  AI also facing a heavy rate of attrition with 33 pilots having quit this year alone.
>>  Some of the pilots joined other airlines without even resigning.
>>  Many pilots have resigned citing inefficiency and weak administration, which they allege has caused the mess at the carrier.

Sensex hits 28 000Sensex hits 28,000
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 05, 2014 09:58 IST
Some buying activity is seen in banking, capital goods, healthcare and realty sectors, while IT and metal sectors are showing weakness
 
 
At 9:56AM, the S&P BSE Sensex is trading at 27,995 up 134 points, while NSE Nifty is trading at 8,359 up 35 points.
The Sensex had hit a high of 28004, while Nifty had hit a hit of 8,364.
The BSE Mid-cap Index is trading up 0.46% at 9,987, whereas BSE Small-cap Index is trading up 0.55% at 11,138.
Some buying activity is seen in banking, capital goods, healthcare and realty sectors, while IT and metal sectors are showing weakness on BSE.
Sun Pharma, Tata Power, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki, L&T and SBI are among the gainers, whereas Tata Steel, Coal India, Hindalco, Hero MotoCorp, M&M, Tata Motors and SSLT are losing sheen on BSE.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 21:39 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

L&T Construction bags Orders Valued Rs. 1576 CroresL&T Construction bags Orders Valued Rs. 1576 Crores
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 05, 2014 10:04 IST
A major order has been secured from the Madhyanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam under the R-APDRP scheme.
 
 
The construction arm of L&T has won orders worth Rs. 1576 crores across various business segments in October, 2014.
Power Transmission & Distribution Business:
The Business has secured new orders worth Rs. 1,164 crores. A major order  has been secured from the Madhyanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited under the R-APDRP scheme. The order is for system strengthening and augmentation of power supply networks  for Lucknow with SCADA compatibility to improve efficiency  and power quality.
The project is funded by the Power Finance Corporation Limited.  The scope includes construction of 33/11kV substations, renovation and modernization of existing substations, 11kV distribution lines, distribution transformer centres, underground cabling, installation of ring main units and electronic energy meters.
The Business also  bagged an order from the West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company Limited for the supply, erection, testing and commissioning of a 33/11kV power distribution network for augmenting rural electricity infrastructure and household electrification for prospective consumers covering the districts of Nadia, 24 Parganas (North) and Cooch Behar in the state of West Bengal under 12th Plan of RGGVY Scheme. The project  is funded by the  Rural Electricity Corporation Limited.
Water & Renewable Energy Business:
The Water & Renewable Energy Business has won orders including add-ons worth Rs. 304 crores
An EPC order has been received from the Drinking Water & Sanitation Department of the  Government of Jharkhand for the Ranchi Water Supply Scheme under JNNURM.
The scope involves the design and construction of a 172 MLD intake well with a pump house, a 114 MLD water treatment plant and a 217 km of rising mains and distribution pipelines including associated electromechanical works.
Heavy Civil Infrastructure Business:
Additional orders worth Rs. 108 crores have been received from various ongoing jobs of the Heavy Civil Infrastructure Business

Harry Reid the unAmerican and soon-to-be-former Senate majority leader: Good riddanceBy David Bernstein November 5
To say the least, I don’t think highly of politicians as a class. But there are few politicians I think less of than Harry Reid.
For one thing, I’ve made a mental note of the  seemingly racist comments Reid has made , starting in 2004, when he asserted that Justice Scalia is “one smart guy” whose reasoning is “hard to dispute” while claiming that Justice Thomas “has been an embarrassment to the Supreme Court. I think that his opinions are poorly written.” (One can certainly argue about Thomas’s ideology, temperament, and lack of respect for precedent, but his opinions emphatically are not “poorly written,” and for some time he seems to have had at least as much influence on Scalia as vice versa).
For another, his recent vilification campaign against the Koch Brothers was, to turn his own words against him, “unAmerican.” Beginning in early 2014, he launched almost daily (and often factually inaccurate) verbal assaults on the Kochs from the Senate floor, and also established a website, www.kochaddiction.com , dedicated to the Kochs’ purported misdeeds. To get an idea of the tenor of the site, a page headlined “meet the Kochs” introduces them as “producers of toxic chemicals, harmful pollutants, carcinogens, greenhouse gases.”
Among other insults, Reid called the brothers “unAmerican”  and “power-hungry tycoons.”  UnAmerican? Really? Didn’t that sort of thing go out with McCarthy? And, ironically, if we’re talking “unAmerican,” how about trying to squelch political speech you don’t like? When Ted Cruz accurately accused Reid on the Senate floor of launching “an unprecedented slander campaign against two private citizens,” Reid spokesman Alan Jentleson retorted that Cruz was “rushing to the defense of shadowy billionaires who are rigging our democracy to benefit the wealthy and powerful.” [With apologies to VC readers whose heads explode every time Cruz gets a mention on this blog.]
I understand that the Kochs are significant donors to Republican causes and are therefore subject to Democrats’ wrath, but they are also private citizens exercising rights the Supreme Court has decreed are protected the the First Amendment. Moreover, their campaign contributions, even after they were ramped up significantly in the face of attacks by Reid and other Democrats, are in fact small beans relative to total campaign spending in the U.S.  Why go after the Kochs so vigorously, to the point where Reid mentioned them over 100 times on the Senate floor, and they received countless death threats?  Especially since the attacks seemed to goad the Kochs into digging even deeper into their wallets to defeat Democrats? And even though the attacks didn’t seem to resonate with the public at large? And despite the fact that Democrats spend about as much as Republicans each election cycle, and have their own billionaire patrons, like Tom Steyer and George Soros? As the Wall Street Journal’s Kim Strassel points out , the Kochs themselves were largely irrelevant. Rather, Reid and his allies wanted to warn other potential Republican donors that they would face a public smearing if they also gave to GOP candidates. For someone as powerful as Reid to threaten private citizens in this way for pure political gain to my mind  makes someone unfit to be a Senator, much less majority leader.
UPDATE: A commenter puts the matter of the persistent Reid attacks on the Kochs succinctly: “Slandering of private — and often rich — citizens by powerful public officials who disagree with them does happen: in Xi Jinping’s China, in Putin’s Russia, in Erdogan’s Turkey. And in Harry Reid’s Senate.”
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Why innovation matters to investorsNovember 5, 2014 5:21 am
Why innovation matters to investors
By Ewen Cameron Watt
Technological change is at the intersection of employment, nominal growth and inflation risk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2a7adfa-4fba-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anand Mahindra says time for RBI to cut interest rates is nowTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
With the domestic economy witnessing favourable conditions, Mahindra Group Chairman and Managing Director Anand Mahindra today said the RBI should consider cutting interest rates to boost growth.
“India has now got to make the most of this opportunity. This is the time when inflation which is led by fuel, for example, is going on a downward trend…. I think I am going to repeat my refrain that it might be time for RBI to think about softening interest rates,” Mahindra said here on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit.
Defending the central bank under Raghuram Rajan for the steps it had taken in the past to keep inflation under control, he said: “I think the governor has done an amazing job so far. No one should take away the fact that we needed inflation Czar to come in, crack the whip, keep it under control, he did that very admirably. He sent out positive signals to the world about fiscal discipline….”
Mahindra, however, said the changed circumstances now warranted a different approach to take the economic growth to a higher trajectory.
“… but now the need of the hour has changed, the need of the hour is that along with fiscal discipline we need to kick start the growth,” he said.
When asked by when he expected India returning to double digit growth, he said: “Well I can’t help bring an automotive metaphor but this (Indian economy) is a flywheel, this is a large industry.
“It’s not jump start, this is a slow start because its a giant wheel…. I see signs that this flywheel is beginning to move.
“We should not expect miracles overnight but if we do all the right things and get support from continued deregulation, a little dose of reform everyday coupled with some interest rate reduction I think by the first quarter of next year you will see palpable signs of growth.”
The inflation measured in terms of Wholesale Price Index (WPI) touched a five year low of 2.38 per cent in September.
Besides, retail inflation has also dropped to 6.46 per cent, the lowest since the new series of Consumer Price Index was released in January 2012.
While appreciating the steps taken up by the new government such as extending the excise duty cut, he said it is time for it to bring down taxes in the auto industry.
TAGS: Anand Mahindra Mahindra & Mahindra Raghuram Rajan RBI Interest Rates
More from companies

Black buck case: SC questions relief to SalmanDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
The Supreme Court today reserved the order on the Rajasthan government’s appeal against suspending conviction of actor Salman Khan in the in the 16-year-old black buck poaching case which allegedly took place in Kankani village near Jodhpur.
The top court questioned if Salman Khan deserved relief only to enable him travel to the UK and reminded that he remains a convict.
“Should a politician’s conviction be also stayed since he would be disqualified as MP/MLA and face hardship?” SC asked Salman Khan’s counsel.
Rajasthan High Court had suspended Salman Khan’s conviction after the UK denied him visa on this ground. The apex court said the HC order wasn’t on merit.
“Life of a hero may depend on age and charm but Salman got all reliefs from governmental & courts… HC order is exceptional,” said the Supreme Court.
TAGS: Black Buck Case Salman Khan
More from miscellaneous

Ashamed to say my children studied abroad: Uday KotakAshamed to say my children studied abroad, says Uday Kotak
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 14:19 IST
Picture for representational purpose.
Pitching for major reforms in the country's education system, noted banker Uday Kotak on Wednesday said he is "ashamed" to say that his children had to go overseas to study as he felt those courses were better abroad.
Speaking during a session on education at the India Economic Summit in New Delhi, Kotak said there are a large number of "schooled" people in the country, but not "educated".
"I am ashamed to say that both my children studied under-graduation courses overseas, because we felt it was better for them," said Kotak, who is Executive Chairman and Managing Director of Kotak Mahindra Bank .
Going by estimates, billions of dollars are spend every year to send Indian students overseas.
Noting that educational reforms should begin at the roots of civil society, Kotak said teaching profession has lost some of its respect.
"Education (system) has to be transformed... The future is bright," he said.
The summit is organised by the World Economic Forum (WEF) in partnership with industry body CII.
At the same session, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said there is a need to rejuvenate the teaching profession and bring back the respect that this vocation once enjoyed.
She further said Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiative to reach out to students on Teacher's Day was a step in that direction and this initiative should help encourage more young people to turn to teaching as a career.
Kotak also highlighted the need to bring back the respect and dignity to the teaching profession in India.
He observed that previously, education policies focused on the creation of education hardware (school buildings etc).
He was of the view that there needs to be an equal emphasis on the creation of education software such as teachers, teaching tools and teaching methods.
Gary Coleman, Managing Director, Global Industries, Delloitte, USA said that India has a large workforce of 500 million and over 10 million people are being added to that workforce every year.
However, businesses were finding it very difficult to find adequately skilled manpower for their needs. This issue needs to be addressed urgently, he added.

US 2014 midterm electionsRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Cong J&K list  almost ready   most sitting MLAs and ministers likely to be retainedthis time the Congress is contesting the elections alone.
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 5, 2014 2:57 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:27 pm
The Congress has almost finalised its list of candidates for the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections. While most sitting MLAs and ministers are in it, the party has left some seats vacant in the Valley for its allies.
In 2008, the Congress bagged 17 seats in the state, and later formed a coalition government with the National Conference. However, this time the Congress is contesting the elections alone. No NC or Congress candidate won a seat in the Lok Sabha elections this summer. Of the six seats in the state, the PDP and BJP won three each.
“The list of candidates has been almost finalised by the party high command, and will be released any time now,” J&KPCC president Saifudin Soz told The Indian Express on Wednesday.
The two prominent faces of the party in J&K, Soz and Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha and former J&K chief minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, will not contest the elections.
The Congress is, however, learnt to have decided to field Soz’s son, Salman Anees Soz, from the Baramulla assembly constituency. Salman, 44, has worked at the World Bank as a senior urban specialist and head of disaster management in Central Asia. He is now a national spokesperson for the Congress.
All three Congress ministers in the outgoing government — Taj Mohidin, Ghulam Ahmad Mir and Pirzada Mohammad Syed — are likely to be renominated from Uri, Dooru and Kokernag assembly segments respectively. The Congress has been winning these seats since 2002.
The party has decided not to field any candidate at Tangmarg, represented by Agriculture Minister Ghulam Hassan Mir, who was considered an ally of the party.
From Bandipore, the Congress is learnt to have decided to field counterinsurgent-turned-politician Usman Majeed, the former minister who won the seat in 2002 as an Independent candidate. From Sonawari, the Congress ticket is likely to go to Imtiyaz Parray, the son of former top counterinsurgent Kuka Parray.
From Sangrama, the party has decided to field Shoaib Nabi Lone, a former Youth Congress leader and former member of the state assembly.
The ticket from Kargil is likely to go to Asghar Karbalai, chairman of the Kargil Hill Council, who also enjoys the backing of the powerful religious group, Imam Khomeini Memorial Trust. The neighbouring Zanskar seat is likely to be contested by Ghulam Reza, who lost the Lok Sabha election to the BJP candidate by a margin of just 36 votes.
In Jammu too, the Congress is learnt to have decided to field all sitting assembly members and ministers. There is, however, uncertaintly about Rajouri, represented by former health minister Shabir Khan who was dropped from the state cabinet after a woman doctor accused him of molestation in the Srinagar civil secretariat. Besides Shabir Khan, the party has sent two other names for the leadership to choose from.
The party has decided to nominate veterans Janak Raj Gupta from Jammu continued…

Despite attacks  Arun Jaitley says India ready to speak to PakistanDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Pakistan should draw a red line whether it wants to talk to government of India or those who want to break India, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said today asking it to make a “conscious” choice.
India, he said, was “ready to speak to Pakistan” and is “willing to normalise the relationship” but “then there are a few red lines”.
“We create the environment, we fix up a dialogue at the level of Foreign Secretaries, our Foreign Secretary is to visit Pakistan (and) literally a few hours before that they invite the separatists for a dialogue to their High Commission (in New Delhi).
“So I think a new red line has to be drawn in Pakistan to reconsider this question that who they want to speak to? Do they want to speak to the Government of India or they want to speak to those who want to break India,” he said at the India Economic Summit here.
“So unless Pakistan makes the conscious choice, a dialogue with Pakistan will not be possible,” he said.
India in August called off a scheduled foreign secretary-level talks after Pakistan’s envoy met Kashmir separatists on the eve of the dialogue.
Referring to ceasefire violations by Pakistan on the Line of Control, he said the consequences of its “misadventure” like firing on civilian population and uprooting of village, “would be an unaffordable cost for Pakistan.”
Jaitley, who is also the Finance Minister, said New Delhi has given three messages to Pakistan.
“The first is that we want to talk. So we invited them. The second is we send a foreign secretary there. But they must decide whether they are ready to speak to our foreign secretary or to speak to those who want to break India. The third is that this kind of a situation in international border cannot go on.
“That’s not an environment for a dialogue… India would like to normalise the relationship. But whether Pakistan wants to normalise the relationship depends on Pakistan,” he said.
TAGS: Arun Jaitely Pakistan Arun Jaitley India Pakistan India Pakistan Peace
More from miscellaneous

Sensex Hits 28 000 for First Time As Record Rally ContinuesYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Hits 28,000 for First Time, Nifty Rises Above 8,350
NDTV | Updated On: November 05, 2014 15:53 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
The BSE Sensex scaled above 28,000 for the first time ever, while the 50-share Nifty also hit a record high in morning trade. This is the fourth consecutive session when Indian stock markets have hit record highs. ( Track stocks )
Wednesday's gains were driven by banking stocks, which rose in anticipation of a rate hike next month. The banking sub-index on the National Stock Exchange hit an all-time high of 17,316 today.
The clamour for a rate cut by the Reserve Bank has been increasing because of easing inflation and a slide in crude prices, which are trading at a four-year low. The slump in crude prices will lead to a substantial decline in India's import bill. This means lower fiscal deficit and further easing in inflation.
(Also Read | Nifty Set to Cross 10,000 Peak Next Year: JM Financial )
Earlier-than-expected rate cut is likely to boost demand and trigger expansion in the economy. Analysts have guided for a rate cut next year.
Domestic equities have also got a boost from Bank of Japan's stimulus announcement on Friday. Analysts say BoJ's move will ensure the steady flow of overseas investments into Indian equities at a time when the US Federal Reserve has put an end to its six-year old monetary stimulus.
On Monday, foreign investors bought shares worth Rs. 1,413 crore. Year-to-date, FIIs have bought Indian shares worth nearly $14 billion (nearly Rs 84,000 crore at $1 = Rs 60).
Recent reform announcements have also helped sentiments in domestic equities. Last month, the government decontrolled diesel prices, raised gas prices and said that it will open up the coal sector to private companies.
The Sensex ended 55.5 points higher at 27,915.88, while the 50-share Nifty closed at 8,338.30, up 0.17 per cent.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 15:52 (IST)

The US elections  entertaining  but irrelevantReddit
American elections – even midterm elections – always offer great entertainment: eccentric candidates, whooping crowds, bizarre attack-ads, pontificating pundits, the changing colours on electoral maps. But there is often a sneaking suspicion that the actual results may not have much relevance to real life. The turn-out in Tuesday’s midterm elections looks like it was about 40%. The majority of ordinary Americans may have felt that the 2014 elections were unlikely to change much. It is hard to disagree. Here are four arguments for the irrelevance of the mid-term elections.
1) From gridlock to gridlock: The Republicans have won the Senate, which means that they now control both houses of Congress. This will make it even harder for President Obama to pass legislation. But, frankly, it is not like much was happening anyway. Without control of the House and without a super-majority in the Senate, the president has been unable to get much done for many years. But the Republicans will not be able to govern either – since the president will be able to veto any legislation they pass.
That leaves some hoping for a rare outbreak of co-operation in Washington. Optimists point to the way that Bill Clinton was able to work with Congressional Republicans to pass welfare reform and – earlier in his presidency – to get approval for the North-American Free Trade Area. The trade precedent is particularly significant since there are hopes that the Republicans are more likely than Democrats to support Mr Obama on big new trade deals with Europe and Asia (TTIP and the TPP). But don’t count on it. Mr Obama seems unwilling to lay everything on the line to get the trade deals done; and the Republican unwillingness to give him anything that looks like a victory may stymie hope for progress – even here.
2) Bypassing Congress: With very little hope of co-operation in Congress, the president will increasingly look for things that he can do, without needing Congressional support. This might be particularly significant on two issues – one domestic, one foreign, both controversial. On immigration, the president may move to make it easier for long-term illegal immigrants to the US to stay in America, without fear of deportation. If the Obama administration is able to strike a nuclear deal with Iran, it will need to start easing sanctions in return. The White House seems confident that there are some early steps that could be taken, without the need for approval from a hostile Congress.
3) The economy: Exit polls once again showed that voters care most about economic issues. But the midterms still felt disconnected from the economy in two important respects. First, by conventional measures, the economy is doing much better: official unemployment is low and the most recent quarterly figures showed growth of 3.5% in the third quarter. But, frustratingly for the Democrats, the voters do not seem to have noticed. Exit polls show that around two-thirds of voters still think the US is “seriously off on the wrong track.” That, in turn, probably reflects the fact that economic growth no longer automatically translates into higher real wages and a stronger “feel-good” factor. As a result, voters may increasingly feel that there is little connection between politics and the economy.
4) The doubtful Republican revival: Obviously, this was a good night for the Republicans. But without control of the White House, they still cannot govern. Moreover, these midterm elections – while encouraging for the Republicans – do not yet demonstrate that the party can overcome the problems that have led it to two successive presidential election defeats. The exit polls suggest that the coalition of voters that put Mr Obama into the White House – blacks, Hispanics, women, the young – largely stuck with the Democrats. It is just that, in these elections, they did not turn out in sufficient numbers to get the Democrats over the line. That is likely to change in a presidential election year. The second problem for the Republicans is that they do not yet have an obvious candidate for the 2016 presidential election – which will now be the central focus of American politics, for the next two years.
 

Cut in repo rate unlikely to boost investments: CrisilCut in repo rate unlikely to boost investments: Crisil
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
The recent slowdown in the economy is on account of policy uncertainty and sluggish domestic demand, and a cut in repo rate is unlikely to spur investments, a Crisil report has said.
“Factors behind the recent slowdown in economic growth and investment in the country have little to do with high interest rates. The primary reason is a sharp fall in the expected return on investments due to policy uncertainty and slowing domestic demand,” rating agency Crisil said in a report today.
“In such a situation, leaning on monetary policy to revive investments will yield little benefit,” it added.
With inflation easing in recent months, there has been a growing clamour for a rate cut to boost the economy.
Retail inflation or CPI eased to 6.46 per cent in September, lowest since January 2012, from 7.73 per cent in August.
Although the monetary policy tool of cutting the interest rate is conventionally used to energise a flagging economy, it does not hold true under all circumstances, the report said.
“And it carries the risk of reversing the recent gains in inflation, which, in any case, is nothing much to write home about,” it added.
It said investment growth has slowed down sharply even though policy rates have been negative in real terms and real lending rates have averaged less than 3 per cent.
The rating agency said the government should continue to improve the policy environment to raise the expected return on investment.
It also said the new NDA government has taken a number of steps, which will yield results over the next few quarters.
“On its part, the RBI should continue its fight to stabilise consumer price inflation below 6 per cent and that would require standing pat on the repo rate,” it said.
Lower inflation will help revive consumption demand and reduce input costs, boosting return on investments, the report added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

HAL bags SCOPE awardPresident, Pranab Mukherjee, presenting the SCOPE award to Dr RK Tyagi, Chairman, HAL, and T Suvarna Raju, Director (Design and Development), who received the award on behalf of the company.
Bangalore, Nov 5:  
HAL has bagged Standing Conference of Public Enterprises’ (SCOPE) meritorious award for R&D, Technology Development and Innovation.
The award was presented by President, Pranab Mukherjee, at a ceremony in New Delhi. Dr RK Tyagi, Chairman and T Suvarna Raju, Director (Design and Development), received the award on behalf of the company.
Commenting on the achievement, Tyagi said: “HAL believes that the key differentiator in today’s warfare is going to be the home grown platforms and, therefore, R&D activities of organisations like HAL would go a long way in making India self-reliant on technology front in the defence sector. HAL’s R&D centres are dedicated to design and develop aircraft, helicopters, small engines, aircraft accessories and avionics.”
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Jyothy Labs Q2 net jumps 89.9%Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Jyothy Labs Q2 net jumps 89.9%
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Jyothy Laboratories Ltd (JLL) today reported 89.9 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 25.14 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 as against Rs 13.24 crore in the same period last year.
The company’s net sales stood at Rs 367.67 crore in the second quarter as against Rs 316.53 crore for the same period last year, a rise of 16.2 per cent, a company statement said here.
The operating EBIDTA margin for the quarter was at 10.7 per cent as against 12.1 per cent reported in Q2 FY14.
The company reported EPS (earning per share) of Rs 1.39 as against Re 0.80 in the corresponding quarter last year.
For the six months period, JLL reported net sales of Rs 752.81 crore compared to Rs 649.11 crore in H1 of FY14, a rise of 16 per cent.
Net profit for H1 FY15 stood at Rs 67.60 crore, up 78.2 per cent from Rs 37.93 crore against corresponding period of FY14. The EBIDTA margin for the six months period ended September 30, 2014 was at 12.1 per cent as against 13.3 per cent reported in H1FY14. The company reported EPS of Rs 3.73 as against Rs 2.28 in H1FY14.
The company said its revenues of soaps and detergent business stood at Rs 274.53 crore in Q2 FY15, compared to Rs 228.92 crore in Q2 FY14, up by 19.9 percent.
The home care witnessed revenues to the tune of Rs 79.70 crore in Q2 FY15 as against Rs 77.56 crore during the same period last year, up 2.8 per cent.
Commenting on the performance, M P Ramachandran Chairman & Managing Director, Jyothy Laboratories said, “We have witnessed a strong traction across new Henko launches.
Our on-ground tie ups and better placement of products is expected to capture the target markets. We foresee a further uptick in demand on account of word-of-mouth and an increased awareness of the product.”
Shares of the company closed 4.05 per cent down at Rs 241.75 apiece from its previous close.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

IRB Infra net up 14% at Rs 122 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
IRB Infra net up 14% at Rs 122 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Toll road developer IRB Infrastructure Developers has posted a 14 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 122 crore (Rs 107 crore) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Income from operations declined 6 per cent to Rs 883 crore as compared to Rs 939 crore.
IRB said its order book stands at Rs 11,600 crore of which orders for Rs 9,650 crore are to be executed in the next three to four years.
On Wednesday, the company scrip closed 1.51 per cent lower at Rs 254.70 on the BSE.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Camson to focus on zero residue farming practiceCamson to focus on zero residue farming practice
V Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, Nov 5:  
The Bangalore-based Camson Biotechnologies will focus on its zero residue farming practice connecting private plantations, institutions and organisations associated with farmers.
Santosh Nair, CEO, Camson Biotechnologies Ltd, said that zero residue farming practice is a reliable and sustainable alternative to conventional usage of chemical farming methods.
Health issues
This is an initiative to stop the growing health issues among farmer communities in the country. It leaves no residue in the air, soil or water. Besides providing the safest method for practicing agriculture, it helps protect crops and enhances growth.
Nair, who was here for a seminar on safer farming practices, said that zero residue farming strictly focuses on safer produces and sustainable yields. The core of this farming method revolves around the usage of bio-pesticides and natural fertilisers derived organically from secondary metabolites of various microbes available in the atmosphere.
The zero residue cultivation practices ensures that farm workers are not exposed to harmful agro-chemicals, thus reducing the risk of various health ailments. From time to time, various initiatives have been taken up by the government to educate the farmers about the dire effects of the use of chemical fertilisers.
Natural fertilisers
Natural fertilisers act as bio agents, which are beneficial for soil conditioning and improving the plant physiology and produce.
They mobilise the micronutrients in soil to maximise its utilisation by the growing plant. Bio-pesticides work specifically against certain pests without harming other organisms. Since they are living strains, they assimilate into the ecosystem without leaving any toxic residue, he said.
The company has already taken up the initiative in Wayanad region for cardamom plantations in association with some NGOs, he added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Akhilesh Das offered Rs 100 cr for RS ticket  alleges MayawatiDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
BSP supremo Mayawati today alleged that Rajya Sabha member Akhilesh Das, who had quit the party two days ago, offered her Rs 100 crores for renominating him to the Upper House.
“Akhilesh Das had talked to me in Delhi and had offered money for repeating him as BSP candidate to the Rajya Sabha,” she told reporters here.
“Das had said that he was ready to give Rs 50 crores to Rs 100 crores for getting Rajya Sabha ticket saying that as the BSP is out of power now, I would need funds to run the party,” Mayawati alleged.
The BSP supremo said she told Das that she would not make him RS candidate even if he offered Rs 200 crores and instead of taking help from an individual, her party gets funds through donations made by poor and the downtrodden.
“For the recent Assembly elections and the coming ones in two other states, funds were collected from the people in Uttar Pradesh and other states on one appeal,” she said, adding that BSP would give its ticket to those who work dedicatedly for the party’s movement at the ground level.
On the allegations levelled by Das, Mayawati said “he was earlier in the Congress and at the time of joining BSP he had levelled serious charges against the Congress, specially Rahul Gandhi.”
The former UP chief minister said that at the time of joining BSP, Das had promised to strengthen the party by garnering support of Vaishya community in the state but he did not do so and concentrated more on his business work.
“We believed in him and sent him to the Rajya Sabha but he did not live up to his promises…rather that joining Vaishyas with the party he used to stay away from the House during the Parliament sessions,” she alleged.
Mayawati said that Das’s allegations have been proved wrong with the party nominating Raja Ram and Veer Singh for Rajya Sabha seat as they have been associated with the party at the ground level.
“Ram is incharge of the party in four states and Veer Pal is incharge in three states…they have been associated with the movement for a long time and have been using their salaries for the welfare of people,” she said, adding the central office of the party will assist them in filing their nominations.
The Rajya Sabha term of Das, who resigned from the BSP on November 3, is coming to an end this month.
TAGS: Akhilesh Das Akhilesh Das Rajya Sabha Mayawati Mayawati Akhilesh Das
More from miscellaneous

Sena warns BJP over separating VidarbhaDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Describing Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) stand on separate statehood for Vidarbha akin to “protectors becoming perpetrators”, the Shiv Sena today reminded its former ally of the resounding mandate it got in Vidarbha and said the vote was in favour of development and not for a separate statehood.
“The BJP won handsomely in the Vidarbha region in the recently held Assembly elections. But they should not think they have got this mandate to divide Maharashtra. Separating Vidarbha from Maharashtra is like separating a child from its mother,” the Sena said in an edit in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
“When a CM who hails from Vidarbha talks about its separation, it is just like the protector of Maharashtra getting ready to become a perpetrator or wrongdoer,” it added.
The Sena said that instead of speaking about separation of Vidarbha, the BJP should concentrate on developing the region.
“While on his first visit to Nagpur after becoming the CM, (Devendra) Fadnavis said that Vidarbha will be carved out at an appropriate time. Instead, he should have spoken about the development of the region. He should have spoken about empowering the security agencies in Naxal-hit areas like Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,” the Sena said.
Its hypocrisy on the part of BJP to now talk about carving out a separate state, when the same party accused the Congress of making a mistake when it created Telangana from Andhra Pradesh, it said.
“We only hope that the ‘Fadnavis Express’ runs straight on the path of development of Vidarbha and does not wobble in between. The CM should working towards fulfilling the dreams of 105 martyrs who sacrificed their lives for ‘Akhand (united) Maharashtra,” the Sena added.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP Shiv Sena Vidarbha
More from miscellaneous

PM Narendra Modi reconstitutes climate panel; Pachauri remains  NarainoutPrint
The Committee would focus on evolving a coordinated response to issues relating to climate change at the national level.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:00 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:25 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday re-constituted a high-level advisory group on climate change, days ahead of a crucial UN meet on global warming in Peru.
While the government retained TERI chairperson R K Pachauri, Nitin Desai and retired diplomat Chandrasekhar Dasgupta as the non-government members of the 18-member ‘Prime Minister’s Council on Climate Change’, environmentalist and director general of Centre for Science and Environment Sunita Narain and industrialist Ratan Tata have been dropped.
Both Tata and Narain were members of the high-level panel on climate change constituted by the UPA government in 2007. The advisory body had not met for the past three years.
Asked about Narain’s absence in the newly-constituted panel, Environment Ministry officials said there is a provision in the notification that the chairman can invite any other minister/officer/expert to any meeting of the committee depending upon the context of the meeting.
Pachauri, chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, had come under attack from various quarters over the IPCC’s 2007 report that said the glaciers in the Himalayas will disappear by 2035 due to global warming. But the TERI head had maintained the mistake was “unfortunate”.
Headed by Modi, the re-constituted council, tasked with evolving a coordinate national action for assessment, adaptation and mitigation of climate change at national level, also saw increase in the ministerial strength with induction of Urban Development Minister and Coal Minister as members.
These ministries were not represented in the previous council.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar, Water Resources Minister Uma Bharati, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh, Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu, Science and Technology Minister Jitendra Singh and Coal Minister Piyush Goel are the members of the council.
The panel also has experts Ajay Mathur and former bureaucrat J M Mouskar apart from having cabinet secretary and secretaries of External Affairs and Environment as its members. Nripendra Misra, Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, is the member convenor of the panel.
Mathur, chairperson of Bureau of Energy Efficiency, was a member of the previous panel.
“The Committee would focus on evolving a coordinated response to issues relating to climate change at the national level, provide oversight for formulation of action plans in the area of assessment, adaptation and mitigation of climate change and periodically monitor key policy decisions,” the release issue issued by Environment Ministry said.
The Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change will assist PMO in facilitating the work of this Committee, it said.
The country’s National Action Plan on Climate Change was framed by the Council, 2007, giving rise to eight missions to undertake actions to put India on a low-carbon growth path.

For sound health of medical educationUpdated: November 5, 2014 17:24 IST
For sound health of medical education
MUKUL KAPOOR
Special Arrangeement Mukul Kapoor is the Head of Department, Anaesthesiology, Saket City Hospital
TOPICS
human interest
Students who take science after Class 10 are allotted subjects which have not been prepared keeping the medical stream in mind. Premedical teaching should focus on human anatomy and physiology
Indian doctors are revered across the world but their status in the country is however questionable. In the recent times we have witnessed many a scandal about the modes of selection for entry to medical colleges, corruption in the selection process, fictitious candidature and an almost open process of payment of capitation fee.
No year passes without litigation into the selection process with the Supreme Court having to intervene regularly. This year too, the Supreme Court issued a directive to begin the new session on September 1 so that the entire mess is sorted out. The state of most medical colleges is shameful as they lack infrastructure, staff and most importantly patients.
The problem in the medical education process starts immediately after class 10, when a student selects the medical stream. The subjects taught are not in sync with the requirements of the medical stream. Students are taught very high levels of physics, chemistry and biology (including details of botany). The level of physics/chemistry is the same as for engineering stream students. Also, an additional subject needs to be taken apart from English. To make matters worse, coaching classes hike up the level further by including extra topics. This results in bombardment of the students with wasteful knowledge. Premedical teaching should rather be focused on human anatomy and physiology, biochemistry and essentials of complementary subjects like organic chemistry, genetics and biophysics. Students taught thus will be better prepared, whether they opt for medical, dental, physiotherapy or any other paramedical stream.
The selection processes to enter medical colleges are most unfair. There are multiple exams and multiple systems. Every State has its own exam and each State has multiple entrance exams.
The exams are moneymaking machines. An exam fee of Rs.1,000 may appear reasonable but translating it to a lakh students means a collection of about Rs.10 crore. There is a need to have a central common entrance exam like the CBSE exam. The merit, whether for the State or the central quota or government/private colleges, should be based on this exam.
Under no circumstances must private/minority colleges be permitted to follow their own admission schedules nor should the premier institutes be permitted a separate exam. Multiple entrance exams result in confusion as the brighter students get selected in many colleges and take their own time to decide where they would prefer to join. This results in multiple rounds of counselling, increasing the financial burden of the students further.
The Union Government tried to implement such a model but the honorable Supreme Court rejected it. There is a need to relook at the process and overcome the legal obstacles by involving the judiciary in setting up the system. Unfortunately, the private medical colleges belong to the high and mighty (with various political alignments) and they may never permit such a fair system from being implemented.
At present, there is emphasis on certain para-clinical and relatively small clinical subjects, while there is inadequate teaching in radiology, anaesthesiology, medical ethics and research methodology. This anomaly needs to be addressed. The most important period in medical teaching is internship and that is unfortunately the most neglected period. Colleges should go back to the policy of allotting PG seats based on performance during the MBBS course. To remove inequality in the system, PG must be done in the same university. The government recently proposed to increase the duration of internship to two years to improve rural healthcare facilities. There could have been no worse thought than this, as it would have meant sending half-baked disinterested doctors to villages, who would only have spent their time preparing for PG entrance. Enhancing internship period to two years will enhance quality of doctors but it should be accompanied by a reduction in the term of PG to two years and the internship must be based in the teaching hospital only.
To overcome the cost burden, students settle for options abroad. Students returning back need to clear the Foreign Medical Graduates Examination (FMGE) but on an average of just 12 per cent students are able to clear it. Without passing FMGE, a doctor can’t be registered by MCI to practice in India.
There is a need to form a separate authority to regulate medical education on the lines of AICTE and restrict the Medical Council of India to its role in regulating the medical professionals.
(The author is Head of the Department, Anaesthesiology, Saket City Hospital, Delhi

Gold futures plunge over 2 pc on global cues; low spot demandGold futures plunge over 2 pc on global cues; low spot demand
Kohli hails pacers  promising show ahead of World CupKohli hails pacers  promising show ahead of World Cup
Hyderabad to become safer  smarter  slum-freeHyderabad to become safer  smarter  slum-free
Jet Airways to fly to Vietnam s Ho Chin Minh CityJet Airways to fly to Vietnam s Ho Chin Minh City
Govt aims at creating fair biz environment: JaitleyGovt aims at creating fair biz environment: Jaitley
Mecklai Financial Report: November 05  2014Mecklai Financial Report: November 05  2014
Markets touch 28 000 intradayMarkets touch 28 000 intraday
President congratulates Manmohan for getting Japan s top honourPresident congratulates Manmohan for getting Japan s top honour
RBL Bank recognised as a Global Growth CompanyRBL Bank recognised as a Global Growth Company
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov. 5:  
RBL Bank - Ratnakar Bank Limited - has been recognised by the World Economic Forum as a “Global Growth Company” (GGC) 2014.
“The GGC award is a reflection of RBL Bank’s growing stature as an emerging Indian company with one of the fastest growth rates in the financial Services Industry”, Vishwavir Ahuja, Managing Director & CEO, RBL Bank said after receiving the award here.
Companies in the GGC community are among the most influential and successful within their industries.
As of Jan 2014, over 370 companies from over 60 countries have been admitted to the GGC community.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Airtel launches WiFi-enabled buses in KolkataNew service: Depending on the success, the company will take a call on introducing the same in other AC buses. - REUTERS
Service to be free of cost for half an hour for registered users
Kolkata, Nov. 5:  
Bharti Airtel on Wednesday launched a free WiFi service in two West Bengal Government-run AC buses here in the city. The services will be reviewed after a one-month period and might be extended to buses on other routes at a later stage.
According to Ravindra Singh Negi, Chief Executive Officer of Airtel (West Bengal and Odisha), the speed will be comparable with 4G services.
Pilot basis
Fourth generation internet services (4G) are said to be faster than both 3G and 2G ones in terms of downloading and uploading content.
“Services have been introduced on a pilot basis. And depending on the success, we will take a call on introducing the same in other AC buses,” he told reporters during the launch.
Currently, the service will be available free of cost for half an hour. Users who have WiFi-enabled handsets (or smartphones) will be able to access the service only after registering on the network.
Airtel had introduced 4G services in the city earlier in 2012. Meanwhile, sources maintained that the company has secured 900 MHZ spectrum through which it can provide 3G services here in the city. 3G services across its own network are expected by the end of this year in December.
Intra-circle agreement
Currently, the company provides 3G services here in the city though an intra-circle roaming agreement with Vodafone and Idea.
However, in Rest of Bengal (apart from Kolkata), where the company has licence, 3G services are provided by Airtel through its own network. In telecom parlance, Kolkata and Rest of Bengal (RoB) are considered as two separate circles.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

RIL slips to 3rd rank in BT 500 top companies listStory
At a tipping point
RIL slips in the BT 500 ranking on lower gas output and falling oil prices but it could benefit from a likely gas price hike and earnings from new ventures such as retail.
Mahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Powering the company: RIL's Jamnagar refinery
On May 16, when the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party won a majority in the general election, Dalal Street, riding on great expectations, propelled the shares of Reliance Industries (RIL) to a 52-week high of Rs 1,142.55.
On that day stocks of most Gujarat-based companies had soared. But unlike many of these companies, the RIL stock could not hold its level for long. In the last four-and-a-half months, its stock has been one of the biggest underperformers among the BSE Sensex stocks. Between May 16 and September 30 it lost close to 12.5 per cent even as the Sensex gained 10.5 per cent.
Reliance Industries, led by Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani, has made huge investments in its non-energy businesses such as telecom, retail, hospitality and media.
Since September 2003, RIL has lagged the Sensex eight times in 11 years. This has hurt its overall ranking in the BT 500 list. In 2011, RIL lost the top slot to Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) in the market capitalisation pecking order. It remained at No.2 for the past three years. This year, despite a 15 per cent gain in its market value (as on September 30), RIL slipped to the third position. The market value gap between TCS and RIL has further widened to Rs 1.36 lakh crore from Rs 51,643 crore in 2013.
CHECK OUT: How RIL fares in BT 500 Most Valuable Companies list
According to Rajesh Kothari, Managing Director of AlfAccurate Advisors, an investment advisory firm, underperformance of the exploration and production (E&P) business coupled with regulatory uncertainty has been the main reason for the dismal show of the RIL stock.
"The market gave RIL a premium on expectation of the KG D6 gas discovery but it turned out to be a major disappointment. Thereafter, the RIL stock has been languishing," he says. Prayesh Jain, Associate Vice President of IIFL, a financial services company, says that, with growth being a concern, investors kept away from RIL.
"The subdued stock performance is due to flat earnings growth in the last three years," he says.
For 2013/14, RIL's Panna, Mukta and Tapti (PMT) fields produced 93 billion cubic feet (BCF) of gas against 145 BCF in 2011/12. But gas production from the KG Basin has plunged to 14 million metric standard cubic metre a day (MMSCMD) in 2013/14 from 43 MMSCMD in 2011/12.
The price of gas produced from the KG Basin remains at $4.2 per million metric British thermal unit (MMBTU) despite RIL's demands for a higher price. Lower energy price has affected RIL's shale gas business in the US. In the July-September quarter, operating profit from the US shale gas business dropped almost 17 per cent from a year earlier. This is prompting RIL to look at selling some of its shale assets.
Manish Bhandari, Founder of Vallum Capital, a Mumbai-based equity investment advisory firm, says RIL is a Sensex heavyweight and that has salvaged its stock. This implies that a small movement in RIL stock could make a huge difference in the portfolio. He says that when he was managing a long-only fund at ING Mutual Fund that used to benchmark the index, he often had to hold RIL shares even though he was underweight on RIL.
Bhandari also believes that a drop in crude oil prices will hurt RIL. In the past three months oil prices have fallen from $110 a barrel to $90 a barrel.
"RIL buys the worst quality of crude and after refining sells the oil at a good price, which helps them make a good margin. It will not help when crude prices fall. Upcoming refineries in West Asia and China have also played a role in the underperformance," he says.
Another reason for the poor show of RIL stocks, says Kothari, is the dismal Return on Capital Employed (RoCE). "In the last three years, its RoCE has fallen from 12 to eight per cent while the earnings per share (EPS) has shown tepid growth from Rs 68 to Rs 75," he says.
But things are changing, says Kothari. "Huge investments have been made in emerging business and today the company is waiting for those investments to bear fruit," he said. RIL operates in four major segments - refinery and petrochemical (its biggest revenue earner), E&P, retail and telecom. In a departure from the past, when investments were made into E&P and retail, today the money is being pumped into telecom.
Meanwhile, apart from the refinery and petrochemical business, RIL's retail business too has become profitable. But there are concerns that if the company goes on an expansion spree, then the retail business would burn cash and go back into the red.
Also, it is hoped that the gas pricing issue will be sorted out soon. RIL sources, on condition of anonymity, say they expect a revision in gas prices anytime soon. This could be a huge boost to RIL as the market hasn't discounted a hike in gas prices in its share price. When contacted, RIL declined to make any forward looking statement and didn't participate in the story.
On October 1, Satish Mishra of HDFC Securities brought out a 'buy' report on RIL. In it he says that while the price of PMT gas would remain at $5.6 to $5.7 per mmBtu, it may go up for the KG Basin gas from $4.2/mmBtu to $5.7 in 2014/15 and $7.2 the following year. Mishra also expects RIL's gross refining margin (GRM) to stabilise in coming years. In 2013/14, the GRM shrank to $8.1 a barrel from $9.2 the previous year. Mishra expects the GRM to hover around $8.5 a barrel in the next two years due to higher global incremental demand and a delay in new capacities.
The petrochemical business is also expected to grow. By 2015/16, according to Mishra's report, RIL is likely to benefit from capacity addition in its polyester business. Its total impact is expected in 2017/18 when the company's operating profit is projected to jump by 78 per cent to Rs 55,000 crore from Rs 30,878 crore in 2013/14.
However, a senior official of a domestic financial service firm that manages close to $2 billion funds, said, "Globally, energy prices are falling and importing makes sense. So prices will remain a concern for RIL."
He pointed out that RIL is a mature business but "it is unable to generate alpha" [returns higher than a pre-selected benchmark]. "Like ITC, the core business of RIL will generate money but the problem is that unlike ITC where capital-to-output ratio is high, it is low for RIL. It implies that other businesses like retail and telecom will burn huge cash and won't generate desired money in the short run. So RIL will record a good top line but the bottom line will be a concern," he said.
Further, he says companies that hold huge cash in hand often misallocate the money. "RIL is going through the same phase. When your peers have deep pockets then the last-man-standing concept doesn't work and this is a huge risk," he says, hinting at investments in telecom, retail, hotels and media. RIL holds an 18.5 per cent stake in EIH Ltd, the flagship company of The Oberoi Group.
On the positive side is the fact that RIL is holding cash reserves of about Rs 88,000 crore. It made close to Rs 9,000 crore from treasury operations, which was 41 per cent of its total net profit of Rs 22,000 crore in 2013/14.
RIL has been diversifying and with an investment of $6 billion so far, telecom has been its biggest bet. It now plans to invest another $6 billion in the telecom business. This means that, following its expansion plans, RIL would have less cash in hand.
"Though there is going to be huge capex in the core petrochemical and refinery businesses in the next two years, the debt-to-equity ratio wont be more than 0.7 for RIL," says Jain of IIFL.
Jain also said that telecom investment will add further burden on the balance sheet. Growing investment in telecom is being seen by analysts as a big negative for RIL as it is difficult to ascertain return on investments in the sector.
While the telecom spectrum auction is due in the next six months, it is anybody's guess as to how ugly the tariff war will turn out to be or how much money can be made on data.
Though risks abound, Kothari, whose fund portfolio since 2009 includes two to three per cent of RIL stock, is optimistic. "RIL is on the verge of an inflection point. Most negatives have been discounted in the share price," he says. "The company has all ingredients to make it big. With strong financial management and business acumen, it is only a matter of time when RIL starts delivering. One has to remain patient."

Kareus Therapeutics aims to bring new drugs to marketE. Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Photo: Raj Verma
Kallam Anji Reddy, founder of drug maker Dr Reddy's Laboratories, who passed away in March 2013, was a scientist at heart. Drug discovery was arguably his biggest passion. But though he built Dr Reddy's into a $2.2-billion company, the second largest in India in terms of revenue after Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy, bringing a new molecule to the market eluded him.
Over the years, Dr Reddy's also tweaked its business model and its primary focus now is on complex generics that are difficult to make and differentiated formulations and biosimilars that have limited competition in key markets like the US. What is little known is that Anji Reddy's passion never died and around three years before his death he set up another company, Kareus Therapeutics, using his personal funds, solely to pursue research. "My father set up Kareus Therapeutics in his personal capacity. It is separate from Dr Reddy's," says K. Satish Reddy, Anji Reddy's son and current Chairman of Dr Reddy's.
The core team of Kareus - the name is derived from the founder's - includes a biologist, a chemist and a pharmacologist. The company has five new molecules in the pipeline. Its focus at the moment is on new cures for diseases of the central nervous system, diabetes and chronic pain.
"Kareus has advanced two molecules in clinic in a relatively short span," says its website. The first, KU-046, intended as an antidote for Alzheimer's and multiple sclerosis, has completed its Phase I trial and will start Phase II trials from the third quarter of the current year. The second, KU-5039, focused on diabetes, is undergoing its Phase I trial.
According to Kareus's website, the company runs on a lean business model. It has an extensive network with global contract research organisations with whom it has been working with for many years. "This gives us flexibility to access the best technologies in the world without boundaries," it says.
In an interview in December 2005, Anji Reddy had told Business Today: "The spirit of adventure is very important." The setting up of Kareus shows he meant it.

India Inc to witness good times aheadStory
A year of good fortune
The last six years have seen earnings at about 35 per cent below normative levels. This low base will, of course, bring about a significantly higher earnings recovery over the years.
Nirmal Jain     Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Nirmal Jain/ Founder and Chairman, IIFL Holdings
India Inc. is waking up to a year of good fortune ahead, founded on the hope that the new government at the Centre will usher in radical reforms. Inflation downtrend, narrowing twin deficits and supportive economic policies are likely to boost corporate earnings going ahead. The numbers from Infosys and Reliance have beaten street expectations, boosting the outlook further.
The last six years have seen earnings at about 35 per cent below normative levels. This low base will, of course, bring about a significantly higher earnings recovery over the years. Operating leverage kicker when the economy revives, falling interest rates and stringent cost controls will enhance profitability. The price-to-earnings ratio will be significantly lower than what most people expect it to be. Given the depressed scenario of recent years, a revival in the economy and improvement in profitability will impress market participants and take indices to a higher orbit.
The stock market has had a good run from March 2014 and the handsome gains so far are just the tip of the iceberg. Street expectations are that the Nifty earnings growth would be in the 13 to 14 per cent range next year. It shouldn't come as a surprise if the actual delivery is in excess of 16 per cent.
India's equity market capitalisation is higher than the likes of Mexico, Brazil, Russia and South Africa. Indian equities remain significantly better placed than most emerging markets today. A range of large-sized companies across verticals, and a host of exciting mid-cap companies is the judicious kind of mix that keeps FIIs excited in the India story.
A slowdown in China adds to India's comparative charm and value proposition. This is evident from the net FII inflows of as much as $13 billion in 2014 year-to-date. Yes, the last couple of weeks may have seen some selling, but that is nothing but transient. Another $10 billion to $12 billion of FII money flowing in the next six to eight months is quite a possibility.
The macro factors are also turning in India's favour. GDP growth has begun to pick up after bottoming out for many quarters, having revived to a nine-quarter high of 5.7 per cent in Q1 FY15. We expect it to be at a level of 6.5 per cent in a year's time. A real GDP between six to eight per cent with inflation pegged at six to seven per cent would imply a doubling of the nominal GDP within a five-year time frame. Quite obviously, equity market capitalisation will only rise from here on.
We believe that IIP will now pick up and not be a drag on GDP like in the past few years. Among other tailwinds is the significant control over fiscal and current account deficits achieved in recent times, so much so that these twin deficits are unlikely to impact the market in the foreseeable future. Forex reserves are slated to improve given the strong FII and FDI flows. No wonder, S&P has upgraded India's outlook to stable.
After the formative delay, the monsoon staged a recovery from mid-July; thereby sowing caught up. Food prices and the overall inflation have come down, albeit for some rise in vegetable prices. As I write this piece, retail inflation has fallen to 6.5 per cent in September, a multi-year low. Likewise, food inflation and fuel inflation too have fallen further.
The government action so far hasn't let down the market. While a long-term roadmap is awaited, measures taken to clear stalled projects, continued diesel deregulation, focus on inflation control, opening up of FDI in insurance and defence, support extended to Aadhaar and railway passenger fare hikes are encouraging moves. The Union Budget's attempt to correct expenditure by shifting focus on investment-related spending away from consumption-related expense is also laudable.
The budget-making process is set to kick off earlier than usual and expectations will build up in the run-up to the budget. Barring the near-term shocks, crude oil will remain soft with higher incremental production from non-OPEC next year compared to the incremental demand. The government has also effected lower hikes in minimum support price, which will help the inflation cause.
We are already beginning to see deposit rate cuts. While we strongly believe that interest rates should be cut, we expect the RBI to begin this exercise early next year. The collaborative handiwork of low inflation and low interest rates will make the bourses happy as also boost financial savings that in turn would act as a key catalyst to the investment cycle. 
Nirmal Jain is the founder and chairman of IIFL Holdings

Singing songs to successUpdated: November 4, 2014 16:48 IST
Singing songs to success
Special arrangement Pushing the envelop Yashas and Sabarinath
TOPICS
people
Yashas Mitta and Sabarinath Kumar found their true calling in telling unique stories of triumph from around the world
They met five years ago in Singapore at a point in their lives when they were each searching to create something meaningful. Having travelled extensively, Yashas Mitta and Sabarinath Kumar have always been inspired by the people they met. Soon enough, they realised their calling was to tell unique success stories and that is how Mukha was born.
Sabarinath says “Mukha is a global magazine (http://www.mukha.co/) for misfits, for those who are bending the system to fit it to their lives, and by doing that are creating meaningful ripples in the communities that they are part of and the world at large. Between the two of us, we have a vast network of friends and communities who are always trying to push the envelope whether it is in art, music, business, travel, etc. As a result we have had the opportunity to interview inspiring people ranging from teen DIY pilots from Dominica to fashion jewellers for a cause from Kenya.”
Yashas adds: “Mukha is largely owned by all of our friends together than just the both of us. That’s what makes it special.
“It is a family project! We are not confined by boundaries, race or colour. Every single interview we have published so far is from a different country and it will be so in the future too.”
Sabarinath has pursued a Masters in International Political Economy from the University of Birmingham and it was during his three month stint in Ghana that he figured his true calling.
Yashas, on the other hand, was in advertising for three years before he decided to quit his job, leave Mumbai and head back to Bangalore to pursue his varied interests, Mukha being one of them.
According to the latter, the duo is incredibly picky about the process involved in meeting and featuring inspiring stories and people. “All the stories we put up comes with proper referencing. We reach out through the friends’ network, find a mutual connect, pull any strings that we can to reach and find the right story no matter where in the world these change makers are,” Yashas says.
Sabarinath says: “Working with each other has made this an incredibly easy shift from what we were doing before because we both share the same vision and we strive for quality over quantity. There are no deadlines and profit and loss statements to worry about, at least not yet.”
Raising the bar has always been important for the partners at Mukha. Sabarinath says: “We’ve got to make sure we do justice to our vision of the site with regard to the people whose stories we tell. The audience has come to expect more of us. Most importantly, showcasing a story that truly reflects what success means to that individual is challenging.”
“The last thing we want to do is make the journeys of these incredible set of people seem frivolous,” Yashas chimes in.
While they have plans to start working with a few select brands that they feel envision the spirit of what Mukha stands for, they are also working at changing some elements on their site, to make it more personalised. “We’re working on a print edition of the magazine that we hope reaches out to educational institutions. It’s incredibly important that the generation of today is aware that there is not one meaning to success and that they can start their own journeys whenever they wish to,” says Yashas.
This column features those who choose to veer off the beaten track.

Sensex crosses 28 000-mark for first time  Nifty at record high of 8 363Sensex tops 28K mark for 1st time on hopes of reforms, rate cut
PTI  Mumbai, November 05, 2014
First Published: 10:22 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:35 IST(5/11/2014)
The benchmark Sensex conquered the 28,000-mark on Wednesday for the first time as markets hit new highs of the fourth day on expectations of more reforms by the Modi government and a rate cut by the RBI.
 
The BSE barometer, however, settled a tad lower but still a new closing peak of 27,915.88, a gain of 55.50 points of 0.20%.
 
The 30-share index resumed higher at 27,907.19 and rose further to a high of 28,010.39 before ending at 27,915.88.
 
Markets were enthused after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley promised reforms in labour, land acquisition and insurance laws and expressed readiness to look at privatisation of some loss-making public sector companies.
 
The index surpassed its previous record high of 27,969.82 hit on November 3. Its previous closing peak was 27,865.83 (October 31).
 
Similarly, the CNX 50-share Nifty firmed up by 14.15 points, or 0.17%, to all-time closing high of 8,338.30.
 
"Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates," Dipen Shah, head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
 
Strong foreign capital inflows coupled with strong European cues mainly boosted the domestic market sentiment, even as services sector activity in India stagnated during October amid weaker growth of new orders an per a HSBC survey.
 
Leading global crude oil producer Saudi Arabia on Tuesday slashed its export prices for the US market. "The fall in crude oil prices will have a positive impact on, among other things, inflation....it will embolden the RBI to cut rates," said HDFC Securities in a note.
 
The market sentiment got a fillip after data showed foreign portfolio investors on Monday bought shares worth a net Rs. 1,413.34 crore.
 
Most Asian stocks ended mixed following weak economic data from China. Key benchmark indices in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and South Korea fell by 0.19% to 0.63% while indices in Singapore and Japan rose by 0.18% to 0.44%.
 
Both exchanges, BSE and NSE will remain close on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti. 
Meanwhile, European stocks were trading higher as better-than-estimated earnings offset investor concern about the health of the region's economy. Key benchmark indices in UK, France and Germany were up by 0.57% to 0.95%.
 
In the BSE Sensex, 14 out of the 30 constituents ended higher while 16 scrips finished lower.
 
Major gainers from the Sensex pack included Axis Bank (2.93%), SBI (2.24%), Dr Reddy's Lab (2.24%), Sun Pharma (2.10%), ICICI Bank (1.84%), BHEL (1.72%), Infosys (1.02%), HUL (1.00%) and ITC (0.96%).
 
However, Hindalco fell by 4.10%, followed by Sesa Sterlite 3.79%, Coal India 3.16%, Bharti Airtel 2.70%, Tata Steel 2.29%, Hero Mocorp 1.77%, NTPC 1.76%, Tata Power 1.45%, HDFC 1.44% and Reliance Ind 0.98%.
 
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Bankex rose by 1.41%, Healthcare 1.01%, IT 0.73% and Capital Goods 0.57% while Metal dropped by 3.03%, Power 0.91%, Oil&Gas 0.66% and Realty 0.38%.
 
The total market breadth remained positive as 1,634 stocks close in the green while 1,382 finished in the red. The total turnover rose to Rs. 4,410.81 crore from Rs. 3,506.62 crore on Monday.

Services growth stalls in October  at 6-month lowServices sector growth stagnates in October on weaker growth of new business orders
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 13:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
Services sector activity in India stagnated during October amid weaker growth of new business orders, an HSBC survey said on Wednesday. The HSBC India Services Business Activity Index, that tracks changes in activity at Indian services companies on a month-by-month basis, fell from 51.6 to exactly 50.0 in October.
A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction. The stagnation in services sector activity follows five successive months of growth amid fall in new business orders, the report said.
Services sector activity was unchanged in October since growth in some sectors was offset by contraction in others such as in the hospitality sector, HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said. Meanwhile, the headline HSBC Composite Output Index - that maps the manufacturing as well as the services sector output - stood at 51, down from 51.8 in September, indicating that growth of private sector output in India eased to the weakest in five months.
However, services sector firms in India remained highly optimistic regarding prospects for activity growth in the coming year. Business sentiment was the strongest in three months, with panelists commenting on anticipated improvements in demand and new marketing initiatives as key sources of optimism, the report said.
On the positive side, business confidence rose to the strongest in three months, with the hospitality sector being the most upbeat about the outlook, Neumann said. Neumann added: the revival of reforms post recent state elections, if sustained, should lift growth on a broad basis.

Amnesty: Israel committed war crimes in Gaza warPrint
FILE - In this July 26, 2014 file photo, a Palestinian woman reacts after seeing her destroyed house during a 12-hour cease-fire in Gaza City's Shijaiyah neighborhood. A leading human rights group has accused Israel of committing war crimes during this summer's war in Gaza. Amnesty International says Israel displayed "callous indifference" in attacks on family homes in the densely populated coastal strip that in some cases amounted to war crimes. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 5, 2014 1:07 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 3:58 pm
A leading human rights group has accused Israel of committing war crimes during this summer’s war in Gaza.
Amnesty International says Israel displayed “callous indifference” in attacks on family homes in the densely populated coastal strip that in some cases amounted to war crimes.
FILE – In this July 26, 2014 file photo, Palestinians inspect the damage of their destroyed houses during a 12-hour cease-fire in Gaza City’s Shijaiyah neighborhood. A leading human rights group has accused Israel of committing war crimes during this summer’s war in Gaza. Amnesty International says Israel displayed “callous indifference” in attacks on family homes in the densely populated coastal strip that in some cases amounted to war crimes. (Source: AP)
The criticism came in a report released Wednesday.
The 50-day war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, most of them civilians, and 72 people on the Israeli side, all but six soldiers.
In this July 19, 2014 file photo, Palestinians mourners pray over the lifeless bodies of nine Palestinians killed in an early morning continued…

GSK Consumer Healthcare reports 9% rise in Q2 profitGSK Consumer Healthcare reports 9 per cent rise in Q2 profit
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 15:53 IST
Photo: Reuters
GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare has reported 9.09 per cent increase in standalone net profit at Rs 160.29 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had reported net profit of Rs 146.93 crore in the same quarter a year ago. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare's net sales went up by 10.56 per cent to Rs 1,074.66 crore in the quarter under review as against Rs 971.94 crore in the corresponding period last year, the company said in a Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) filing.
Overall expenses of the company in the quarter were at Rs 930.02 crore, a rise of 11.56 per cent. Expenses stood at Rs 833.63 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Shares of GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare were trading at Rs 5,429.95 apiece in afternoon trade, down 1.99 per cent from their previous close on BSE.

FMCG major Nestle to strengthen its India pr...You are here: Home > Collections > Nutrition
FMCG major Nestle to strengthen its India presence
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 03.05PM IST
Tags:
fmcg
(Nestle, which sells brands…)
NEW DELHI: Bullish on growth prospects in India, FMCG major Nestle said it would strengthen its presence in diverse segments, including health and nutrition, and make further investments in the country.
"We are in this country for more than 100 years and we want to be there for another 100 years... So definitely in India we want to continue to invest because of the potential," Nestle Head of South Asia Region, Etienne Benet, told reporters on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit.
There are enormous opportunities in India and it is definitely a country where the company can do better, he added.
The company, which sells brands like Maggi and Kit Kat in the country, remains optimistic about India's long-term growth potential.
"We definitely see a great opportunity in India, I will say that we have not witnessed buoyancy so far in the market and yes there have been some good signals and in the near future we expect the market to show some positive signals," he added.
Benet said the company expects the Indian economy to grow despite there being some hiccups in the Indian growth story.
"Also, I think consumer spending is going to grow," Benet added.
When asked about the focus of the company in India, Benet said: "I think nutrition health and wellness area is our core target and our core driver for the future... people are getting more and more conscious of nutrition and they want to be healthier so definitely this is a big area of growth and potential for the businesses."
The company's ambition is to be recognised as a world leader in nutrition, health and wellness segments and this applies to all Nestle companies, he added.
The company expects the rules and regulations in the country to be positive for the industry in the way that it will incentivise to do better, Benet said.
Elaborating further, he said: "Well I would not comment specifically what we expect from the government but generally we as an industrial player expect that there should be better understanding between the different stakeholders.
"So the only point that we expect from the government is just to be a good driver, giving inspirational leadership to the country and listening to different voices."
He added: "What we want as an industry is just the goodwill from authorities to listen when we have problems and to be enablers... we have extremely good connections with the rural sectors, with our partners, suppliers, clients."
When asked about the effect of inflation on the company's business, Benet said: "Inflation is always a concern... we are a company that is long-term oriented so I would not comment if one month inflation is high and another's low... what we are saying is that we have to live with those elements."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India tops Facebook s content restriction listYou are here: Home > Collections > Facebook
India tops Facebook's content restriction list
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 04.40PM IST
Tags:
content restriction
(India is the largest userbase…)
NEW DELHI: Facebook has restricted access to nearly 5,000 pieces of information on its website in India in the first six months of 2014, the highest for any country, following requests from government and other agencies to act against hate-content on social media platforms .
India is the largest userbase for Facebook outside the US with over 100 million users.
Similar steps were taken in Turkey (1,893) and Pakistan (1,773) during the said period, Facebook said in its Government Requests Report.
"We restricted access in India to a number of pieces of content reported primarily by law enforcement officials and the India Computer Emergency Response Team under local laws prohibiting criticism of a religion or the state," Facebook said in the report.
India is also ranked second, just behind the US, in terms of government requests for access to users and accounts.
During January-June 2014, Facebook said it had received 4,559 requests for information on 5,958 users and accounts. Of this, 50.87 per cent of requests saw some data being produced.
Compared to the July-December 2013 period, the number of requests has gone up over 26 per cent, while it is higher by 40 per cent compared to the same period last year.
Facebook said it received 15,433 total requests for 23,667 users and accounts and 80.15 per cent of requests saw some data being produced.
"Since our first report, we've seen an increase in government requests for data and for content restrictions. In the first six months of 2014, governments around the world made 34,946 requests for data -- an increase of about 24 per cent since the last half of 2013," Facebook Deputy General Counsel Chris Sonderby said in a blogpost.
During the same time, the amount of content restricted because of local laws increased about 19 per cent, he added.
"We scrutinise every government request we receive for legal sufficiency under our terms and the strict letter of the law, and push back hard when we find deficiencies or are served with overly broad requests," he said.
He added that the US-based firm, which has about 1.3 billion users, will continue to work with industry and civil society partners to push governments for additional transparency.
"While we recognise that governments need to take action to protect their citizens' safety and security, we believe all government data requests must be narrowly tailored, proportionate to the case in review, and subject to strict judicial oversight," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India completes $900-million oil payment to ...You are here: Home > Collections > Usd
India completes $900 million payment to Iran under interim deal
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 04.22PM IST
Tags:
India
("The first instalment of…)
NEW DELHI: India today paid Iran USD 500 million to clear a part of its past dues for crude oil it buys from the Persian Gulf nation.
The payment made today was in addition to USD 400 million India paid on October 21, industry sources said.
Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) paid about USD 217 million and almost an equal amount was paid by private sector Essar Oil. The remaining amount was mostly paid by Indian Oil Corp (IOC).
The USD 900 million payment in two weeks is on top of USD 1.65 billion the refiners had paid in June/July. Cumulatively, refiners owe about USD 6 billion to Iran.
Sources said on October 21, MRPL had paid about USD 183 million, Essar Oil USD 172 million, IOC USD 41 million and Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) USD 4 million.
The United States and five other world powers had in July granted Iran access to USD 2.8 billion of its funds held in foreign banks. This was in addition to USD 4.2 billion Iran had received between January and July.
Of the USD 2.8 billion, USD 900 million was to come from India, sources said.
Iran and the United States, China, France, Germany, UK and Russia had in July agreed to extend a six-month interim accord until November 24 pending a long-term deal to end their nuclear dispute.
Sources said the USD 900 million had to flow out before November 24.
Indian refiners had paid the previous USD 1.65 billion in three equal instalments of USD 550 million each - first on June 26, second on July 8 and third on July 24.
Since February 2013, when the US blocked payment channels to Iran for its nuclear programme, India has been paying 45 per cent of its Iran oil bill in rupees through a UCO Bank branch in Kolkata. For the remainder, it had been waiting for a way to make the payment.
As much as USD 4 billion had been accumulated in past dues.
Sources said the payment mechanism used in June/July was again be used to clear USD 500 million dues.
Rupee payments equivalent to USD 500 million was deposited by Indian refiners in the UCO Bank account, which will now be transferred to the Reserve Bank of India for onward credit to the central bank of the United Arab Emirates, which will make payments in dirhams to Iran.
Since July 2011, India had been paying in euros for 55 per cent of its purchases of Iranian oil through Ankara-based Halkbank. The remaining 45 per cent was remitted in rupees through UCO Bank.
The euro payments ceased from February 6, 2013, but the portion of rupee payments continued through Uco Bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Launch: Gionee Marathon M3 has a 5000mAh battery  costs Rs13 999Gionee Marathon M3 is priced Rs 12,999.
By: Tech Desk | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:20 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:56 pm
For those who hate the battery life, or lack of it, on their smartphones, Gionee has introduced the Marathon M3 with a powerful 5000 mAh battery. The company claims the battery is good for 32.46 hours of 3G and 51 hours of 2G talk time and 32.8 days of standby time.
The Gionee Marathon M3 has a Quad Core 1.3 GHz processor wiith 1GB RAM and runs Android 4.4 OS with Dual SIM.
The Marathon M3 has a 5-inch HD Display and an 8 MP back camera.  The 8GB internal memory can be expanded up to 128 GB.
The phone will be priced at Rs 12,999.

MHRD to review its land requirementpolicyPrint
Written by Ardhra Nair | Pune | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:14 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 5:27 pm
In the wake of series of issues relating to non availability of land as per the norms laid out by Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) for setting up new central universities and institutes, MHRD has finally woken up and decided to review its land requirement policy.
MHRD has set up a committee consisting of six members with Styanarayan Mohanty, secretary, Higher Education MHRD as the chairman. Currently the land requirement to set up an IIIT is 100 acre, for IIM and IISER is 200 acre and for NIT is 300 acre and for IITs and central universities it is 500 acre.
Talking about the need to set up such a committee, the notice says, “These norms were determined a long ago when land was available in abundance. However with the burgeoning population and consequent expansion of cities, land has increasingly become a scarce commodity. The recent experience in the ministry has been that requisite amount of land is not readily available and state governments have found it difficult to acquire land leading to inordinate delay in many central higher education institutions.”
The other committee members will include M K Kaw, former secretary of higher education, along with Anil Sahasrabudhe, Director, COEP Pune, Ashok Misra, chairman, Board of Governors, IIT Roorkee, Syed Bari, Vice Chancellor, Central University of Gujarat and K V Kamath, Chairman, Board of directors, ICICI bank.
The committee will be studying the land utilisation of the existing central institutions, even international universities and their land use and to suggest revised land requirements for various types of institutions in this age. Another common complaint among state government is that although land availability in rural and urban areas are different, there is still only a blanket rule for all locations. This will also be changed as the committee has also been asked ‘to recommend norms and criteria for determining the land requirement in different locations of the country taking into account the topography, class of city/ town etc.’

Panasonic launches P55 Android KitKat phablet at Rs10 290Panasonic P55 smartphone is priced at Rs 10,290.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:13 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:15 am
Delivering on its commitment to constantly innovate, Panasonic India today unveiled its latest smartphone P55 at a price of Rs 10,290.
The P55 is the latest addition to Panasonic’s phablet line-up, having a 13.9cm (5.5) IPS HD display, and a 1.2GHz Quad Core processor. The device runs on Android 4.4.2 (KitKat) and has an 8 MP full HD-capable autofocus camera. Panasonic P 55 houses a 2500 mAh battery to power the device.
The smartphone comes with a ‘Tap Play’ feature where the device has an in-built capability to recognise touch while in sleep mode, i.e. users can double tap to wake-up the phablet instead of reaching the power button every time. Likewise, it can be returned to sleep mode with the same gesture.
The P55 also features ‘Gesture Play’, a gesture based feature to launch apps directly from home screen, ‘Pop-i Player’, which lets you multi-task while playing videos and a single hand operable music player named ‘Music café’.
The smartphone will be available in India from the first week of this month.

Arrests are part of conspiracy against BJD govt: RamchandraHansdaBy: Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:04 pm
Mayurbahnj MP Ramchandra Hansda, arrested by CBI on the charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds, on Wednesday alleged that the action against him was part of a political conspiracy against the ruling BJD in Odisha.
“The central investigating agency is trying to gain cheap popularity out of this,” Hansda said, adding that there was a “conspiracy” against the BJD.
Hansda, who had been suspended from the ruling BJD immediately after his arrest on Tuesday, said this while being taken to the court for production by CBI.
The CBI had recovered Rs 28 lakh cash from Hansda’s house in Mayurbhanj district in July this year while probing into the chitfund scam involving Nabadiganta Capital Service.
Hansda had claimed that the money was his personal and party fund.
Former BJP MLA Hitesh Bagartti said, “I feel sad. As I was a director of the company I too was arrested by CBI.”
“I want investors to get back their money,” he added.
CBI conducted medical examination of all the three accused politicians comprising Hansda, former BJD MLA Subarna Naiak and Bagarti before they were produced in the special CBI judge court here.

MHRD to review its land requirement policyPrint
Written by Ardhra Nair | Pune | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:14 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 5:27 pm
In the wake of series of issues relating to non availability of land as per the norms laid out by Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) for setting up new central universities and institutes, MHRD has finally woken up and decided to review its land requirement policy.
MHRD has set up a committee consisting of six members with Styanarayan Mohanty, secretary, Higher Education MHRD as the chairman. Currently the land requirement to set up an IIIT is 100 acre, for IIM and IISER is 200 acre and for NIT is 300 acre and for IITs and central universities it is 500 acre.
Talking about the need to set up such a committee, the notice says, “These norms were determined a long ago when land was available in abundance. However with the burgeoning population and consequent expansion of cities, land has increasingly become a scarce commodity. The recent experience in the ministry has been that requisite amount of land is not readily available and state governments have found it difficult to acquire land leading to inordinate delay in many central higher education institutions.”
The other committee members will include M K Kaw, former secretary of higher education, along with Anil Sahasrabudhe, Director, COEP Pune, Ashok Misra, chairman, Board of Governors, IIT Roorkee, Syed Bari, Vice Chancellor, Central University of Gujarat and K V Kamath, Chairman, Board of directors, ICICI bank.
The committee will be studying the land utilisation of the existing central institutions, even international universities and their land use and to suggest revised land requirements for various types of institutions in this age. Another common complaint among state government is that although land availability in rural and urban areas are different, there is still only a blanket rule for all locations. This will also be changed as the committee has also been asked ‘to recommend norms and criteria for determining the land requirement in different locations of the country taking into account the topography, class of city/ town etc.’

Arvind Kejriwal indicates he will be AAPs CMcandidatePrint
Arvind Kejriwal said that quitting govt after the 49-day rule was the 'biggest mistake' of his political career. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:27 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 5:39 pm
Gearing up for the assembly polls in a bid to recapture power, Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has said he will be the party’s “face” for the election campaign and indicated that he will be the chief ministerial nominee.
46-year-old Kejriwal, who led AAP to a stunning debut in the assembly polls in December last year, said there was no reason why there would be a change in chief ministerial nominee though a final decision on it would be taken by the party.
“There is no reason why there would be a change,” Kejriwal said, adding the party will take a final decision on the issue.
Instrumental in devising an unconventional campaign strategy for AAP during the last assembly polls, Kejriwal said he will be the face of the party’s campaign this time as well.
BJP has already announced that it will not project any chief ministerial candidate and will fight the polls under collective leadership. Congress also said it will not have any chief ministerial nominee.
Exuding confidence of AAP getting a clear mandate in the assembly polls, Kejriwal said result of a survey carried out one-and-half months ago showed that AAP will get 47 per cent vote-share against BJP’s 37 per cent if elections were held.
“People remember those 49 days. It was a kind of dream for people. That is why they will vote for us. We are confident of getting a clear majority,” Kejriwal told PTI in an interview.
He, however, said that quitting the government after the 49-day rule was the “biggest mistake” of his political career and admitted that his party made a wrong “political estimation” as it thought elections will be held immediately.
“Resigning was the biggest mistake. People had high hopes and their hopes were shattered. It is easy to analyse things in retrospect. We thought elections will be held immediately after our resignation,” he said.
AAP had made a dream debut in the assembly polls last year winning 28 seats riding on anti-corruption plank and promise to provide clean governance.

Six types of Facebook murderersUpdated: November 5, 2014 17:36 IST
Six types of ‘Facebook murderers’
PTI
AP Researchers found 48 cases of “Facebook murder” from around the world between 2008 and 2013 and identified six different types of killers.
TOPICS
social networking
Researchers have identified six different types of killers, who turn to Facebook to lure their victim or otherwise use the social networking site in their crimes.
The researchers analysed cases of homicide, in which Facebook had been reported by the media as a significant factor.
The researchers found 48 cases of “Facebook murder” from around the world between 2008 and 2013 and identified six different types of killers.
They are reactors, informers, antagonists, fantasists, predators or imposters.
A reactor reacts to content posted on Facebook by attacking the victim face-to-face, researchers explained.
This may be immediately after viewing the content that makes them angry or there may be a time delay, in which they revisit the content and ruminate over its meaning.
The informer uses Facebook to inform others that they intend to kill the victim, that they have killed the victim, or both. Informers use Facebook as a way of demonstrating their control over the victim and the situation.
An antagonist engages in hostile exchanges on Facebook that escalate into face to face fatal violence. Antagonists may seek to introduce a physical advantage when the conflict goes offline through arming themselves with weapons.
A fantasist uses Facebook to perform or indulge in a fantasy. For fantasists, the line between fantasy and reality has become increasingly blurred and the homicide may be a way of maintaining the fantasy or preventing others from discovering the deception.
A predator creates and maintains a fake profile to lure a victim and meet them offline. They may draw upon the information available on the victim’s profile to identify and exploit vulnerabilities to establish grounds upon which to develop a relationship.
An imposter posts in the name of someone else. This could be the victim in order to create the illusion they are still alive or another person to gain access to and monitor the victim’s profile.
“We had been coming across references to ‘Facebook Murder’ in the media over the past few years but there had been no research in this area,” said lead researcher Dr. Elizabeth Yardley from the Centre of Applied Criminology at Birmingham City University.
“We wanted to see whether homicides, in which Facebook was reported to have been involved were any different to other homicides and found that on the whole they are not — victims knew their killers in most cases, and the crimes echoed what we already know about this type of crime,” Dr. Yardley said.
The study was published in the international peer-reviewed Howard Journal of Criminal Justice.

Financial Conduct AuthorityFinancial Administration Services Limited - 1,912
HSBC Bank Plc - 1,912
Bank of Scotland plc - 1,647
Hargreaves Lansdown Asset Management Limited - 1,572
PPI remains the most complained about product, with 1,236,899 complaints. This accounted for 52% of all complaints and 78% of complaints about general insurance and pure protection products.
The total amount of redress paid fell by 12% from £2.65bn in the second half of 2013 to £2.34bn in the first half of 2014. This was largely due to a 17% fall in the number of complaints closed about general insurance and pure protection products (including PPI), which made up 89% of all redress payments in the first half of 2014.
Complaints against banks and building societies accounted for 66% of all complaints in the first half of 2014, followed by 13% against general insurance intermediaries and 8% against other insurers.
The FCA publishes complaints data received from firms every six months, alongside aggregated figures covering the whole industry. The FCA requires firms which receive 500 or more complaints in a six month period to publish the information on their websites.
Notes for editors
Previous complaints data .
The FCA collates and publishes complaints data every six months, alongside aggregated figures covering the whole industry. The data, which can be found on the FCA website, is presented in two different formats: aggregate data showing the overall number of complaints made, and firm-specific data showing figures for individual firms reporting 500 or more opened complaints.  
Firms do not have to report complaints to the FCA that have been resolved by close of business on the business day following their receipt. These complaints are not included in this data. Further information .
On the 1 April 2013 the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) became responsible for the conduct supervision of all regulated financial firms and the prudential supervision of those not supervised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA).
The FCA has an overarching strategic objective of ensuring the relevant markets function well. To support this it has three operational objectives: to secure an appropriate degree of protection for consumers; to protect and enhance the integrity of the UK financial system; and to promote effective competition in the interests of consumers.

Another Death Linked to Faulty GM Ignitionsanother death linked to faulty gm ignitions
Hero MotoCorp to Enter European Markets by End of Next YearYou are here: Home Corporates
Hero MotoCorp to Enter European Markets by End of Next Year
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 20:24 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi/Milan: Country's largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp aims to enter European markets, including Italy, Spain and France, by end of next year, with the launch of its hybrid-scooter 'Leap' in these countries.
In the first phase of its foray into Europe, the company plans to launch its products in Italy, Spain and France followed by the UK and Germany in the next phase of expansion, Hero MotoCorp Ltd (HMCL) said in a statement.
To begin with, the company will launch its first serial-hybrid scooter 'Leap' in these markets, and subsequently bring more models including scooters and motorcycles, it added.
"Having already stamped our presence in Asia, Africa, Latin & Central America, we are now looking at stepping into the European market by the end of 2015 with our hybrid scooter Leap making its debut here," Hero MotoCorp Ltd vice chairman, CEO and managing director Pawan Munjal said.
The company is looking for potential partners and is even open for merger and acquisition opportunities to be able to make quick inroads in these markets, he added.
"This is in line with our vision of making Hero a truly global brand in its range of quality products, scale of operations and geographical footprint," Mr Munjal said.
The company announced its plans at an event organised by EICMA, which is the marketing body of Italy's National Association of Bicycles, Motorcycles and Accessories (ANCMA).
Hero MotoCorp had recently announced an investment of $800 million in building capacity across the globe in the next few years.
Expanding aggressively over the past three years, the company is already present in over 20 countries across Central & South America, East & West Africa and Asia.
By 2020, the company aims to be in over 50 countries with 20 plus assembly facilities globally. It is setting up two overseas manufacturing plants in Colombia and Bangladesh that are expected to go on stream in 2015-16.
In partnership with its local distributors, Hero MotoCorp has also set up assembly units in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda.
The company has also announced enter into the US and Brazilian market by 2016. It is also in the process of building two more manufacturing plants in India.
When operational, all these plants -- including the ones in Colombia and Bangladesh -- will take the total installed capacity of the company to over 12 million units of two-wheelers.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 19:42 (IST)

Alibaba IPO investors are now $11.8B richerAlibaba IPO investors are now $11.8B richer
By: Matt Krantz November 4, 2014 2:31 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(Qilai Shen, European Pressphoto Agency)
Investors who snapped up Alibaba (BABA) stock in September’s IPO are counting their riches — all $11.8 billion of it.
Shares of the Chinese e-commerce stock are up 6% Tuesday to $104.94, capping a 54% gain from the initial offering price of $68 a share. Given the company sold 320.1 million shares, that means investors who bought those shares are up $11.8 billion.
The value of the entire company is up $91 billion to $258.7 billion. If Alibaba were a member of the Standard & Poor’s 500, it would rank ninth just behind Wells Fargo (WFC) .
The wealth generated by Alibaba is the largest among all IPOs this year. The second most lucrative IPO of 2014 is extreme video camera maker GoPro (GPRO) , which has created more than $1 billion for the investors who bought those shares in June.
Even investors who piled into Alibaba stock on the first-day close are making money. The stock closed at $93.89 on the first day of trading and has generated $3.5 billion in wealth on those shares.
IPOs THIS YEAR THAT HAVE GENERATED THE MOST WEALTH ON IPO SHARES FROM IPO PRICES
Company
$ gain on IPO shares ($ Mils)
Alibaba

Rupee rises on dollar selling amid capital inflowsRupee closes almost flat at 61.41 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 18:26 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee on Wednesday ended almost flat at 61.41 against the Greenback on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Despite a strong start, the rupee erased all its morning gains during intra-day due to sharp bouts of dollar demand from importers. However, it fell later before recouping losses to close almost flat at 61.41 on the back of fresh dollar selling from banks and exporters.
Sustained capital inflows into equities also helped the rupee to cap the fall to some extend, dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange market (Forex), the domestic unit commenced higher at 61.35 a dollar from previous close of 61.40. It moved in a range of 61.34 and 61.49 before settling at 61.41, showing a marginal fall of one paise.
Meanwhile, US dollar continued its strong rallying momentum against a basket of currencies in late Asian session trade in the wake of Republican wins during the mid-term elections as well as steady improvement in US data.
The benchmark Sensex conquered yet another milestone of 28,000 for the first time briefly before concluding at a new closing peak of 27,915.88, a rise of 55.50 points of 0.20 per cent.

debates like the debt ceilingThe US debt ceiling crisis that ended with a whimper
By Jamie Robertson Presenter, BBC World News
John Boehner - a dose of realpolitik or "giving in"?
Spectre of US default (again)
The US Congress has agreed to raise the debt ceiling until March 2015, averting another crisis that almost four months ago threatened to trigger a default on US debt and plunge the global financial markets into chaos.
Raising the debt ceiling is the only way the US government can raise more money to pay off its debts. Without agreement, it runs the risk of default.
The issue has been an on-again-off-again headache for almost three years. But this time, it never really had the look of the honest-to-goodness end-of-capitalism crisis that came to a head last October.
Back then, just a couple of weeks short of defaulting on its debt, with the markets in crisis alert and the government in shutdown, Congress finally agreed to a temporary solution delaying the problem until this month.
Rather than the bang that some were expecting,  it has now vanished with little more than a whimper.
This crisis had none of that drama: much of the fire has gone out of the Republican fight to keep the debt ceiling where it is.
Instead, mid-term elections in  November have become their focus, and reluctantly they allowed the ceiling to be raised until March 2015.
The problem was that the "habit of governing by crisis" as President Barack Obama called it, was hurting the Republicans more than the Democrats. House Speaker John Boehner had tried to attach conditions to the bill, but simply couldn't get agreement from his party.
Drawing a line
“Start Quote
By 2015 there may well be a real recovery taking place, which will help the economy fiscally”
End Quote Madhur Jha Senior global economist, Standard Chartered
Instead, accepting the realpolitik of an election year, he agreed to vote with 27 other Republicans for a "clean bill", no strings attached, to let the bill through.
He's been pilloried by right-wing groups of the GOP, most specifically the Tea Party, for "giving up".
But a lot of people breathed a sigh of relief, not least Mr Boehner himself, who, according to Reuters , was seen strolling from a news conference afterwards singing "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah".
Now that a political line has been drawn under the debt ceiling debate, there is the question of where it leaves the economy. Republicans would argue that it leaves it with an ever-escalating debt.
But it has restored some faith among investors.
The deal in the House of Representatives came after the US markets had closed, but Asian and European equities rose - though they were also reacting to strong economic numbers out of China and optimistic comments from the new head of the Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen.
Madhur Jha, senior global economist at Standard Chartered, said: "The problem of the debt ceiling will of course keep coming back, but the economy has a year in which to recover, and by 2015 there may well be a real recovery taking place, which will help the economy fiscally."
Gain on the deficit, pain on the streets - last year's sequestration protests
Dangerous debts
Even with the start of the painful and unpopular sequestration last year, which is aiming to knock $1.1tn off the budget over the next eight years by forcibly cutting billions off spending each year, debt levels are only really going to come down as the economy grows.
Madhur Jha says: "Debt is not a problem if your economy is growing. There is a lot of debate as to what the proper level of debt should be for a developed economy, say 70%.
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
The system is unable to distinguish between debt investment, long-term debt for the building of infrastructure... and short-term 'household' debt”
End Quote Justin Urquhart Stewart Seven Investment Management
"The economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff wrote a paper saying historically, growth has not suffered significantly until debts reached 90% of a nation's GDP. But it's still not clear. However, once you get over 100%, it really does begin to have structural effects on the economy."
However, Justin Urquhart Stewart, co-founder of Seven Investment Management, believes the US could be at a turning point. He says that there are signs that the annual budget deficit is coming under control.
He says: "If they can get it down to around 2% of GDP, then they will be able to hold the overall debt levels steady, and who knows, even reduce it. The sequestration helped last year on the spending side, but it is really the growth that is doing the work."
If that happens, there may not need to be another raising of the debt ceiling - a distant, if not forlorn hope. But there is a growing belief that the debt ceiling process is itself doing little to help the economy.
Faith in US economic governance has taken a real battering over the last three years, as the debt ceiling issue has been a circus for political fights between Republicans and Democrats.
Meanwhile, the rest of the world has looked on, knowing that if no deal was done and the US defaulted, the result would be, in the words of the US Treasury, "catastrophic economic consequences" .
Who needs a debt ceiling?
So why not just do away with the whole political palaver? There are few other countries in the world where total debt is monitored in such a single-minded way.
Proponents of the process say it keeps Congress accountable. Opponents say it dates from a period when the President had far more influence in spending, and that a responsible Congress should be able to control spending as and when it was needed.
Mr Urquhart Stewart says: "The system is unable to distinguish between debt investment, long-term debt for the building of infrastructure, like power networks and bridges, and short-term 'household' debt.
"Each should be judged on its own merits and the debt ceiling process doesn't do that."
More on This Story

suggested tackling "notspots"Government crackdown on mobile 'notspots'
 
By Jane Wakefield Technology reporter
A fifth of the UK suffers from poor coverage, according to the government
Speed boost for 4G in some cities
The government plans to oblige mobile operators to improve their coverage, possibly by sharing rivals' networks.
Partial 'notspots', where there is coverage from some but not all of the mobile networks, affected a fifth of the UK, leaving people unable to make calls or send texts, it said.
One possible solution would see people transferred to rival networks when they lose signal.
But experts are not convinced this would work.
Culture Secretary Sajid Javid said he was determined to sort out the issue of mobile notspots.
Culture Secretary Sajid Javid speaking on BBC Radio Four Today programme
A series of talks held with mobile operators has so far failed to find a solution.
"It can't be right that in a fifth of the UK, people cannot use their phones to make a call. The government isn't prepared to let that situation continue," he said.
The proposals to end the frustration - currently only aimed at improving 2G services - are as follows:
National roaming - phones would use another network when theirs was unavailable, similar to how roaming works when abroad
Infrastructure sharing - mobile networks would be able to put transmitters on each other's masts
Reforming virtual networks - agreements that companies such as Tesco and Virgin currently have with single operators would be extended to all four networks
Coverage obligation - obliging the networks to cover a certain percentage of the UK - and leaving them to decide how to do it
The government has given the industry, businesses and the public until 26 November to respond to the proposals.
Leaked letter
Mr Javid may face opposition to the move from within his own party.
The Times newspaper has reported that a leaked Whitehall letter contains a warning from the Home Secretary Theresa May that allowing people to roam between networks could compromise efforts to track criminals and terrorists.
Mr Javid's plan is reported to have prompted Theresa May to warn of security issues
"[It] could have a detrimental impact on law enforcement, security and intelligence agency access to communications data and lawful intercept," states the letter.
It adds that further research is needed to ensure the change would not make it more difficult for police to access information about calls and emails that is "crucial to keeping us safe".
The Labour Party has seized on the apparent clash.
"The detail of this policy needs careful consideration," said Harriet Harman, shadow culture secretary.
"Rather than briefing against each other as part of the ongoing Tory leadership squabble to replace David Cameron, cabinet ministers should be making clear what the impact will be on 4G services for consumers and the emergency services, as well as any possible implications for national security and the fight against serious crime."
Phone masts
BBC technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones said mobile phone operators had indicated that national roaming would be bad for the consumer.
"Operators argue that roaming would shorten battery life as phones searched for the strongest signal, and pose a risk to the security of their networks," he said.
He said the operators wanted changes to planning laws and the ability to build and share more phone masts.
Matthew Howett, an analyst with research firm Ovum, also thinks that the government's preferred plan of national roaming is "a messy solution that ought to be abandoned".
"The cost, complexity and side-effects of national roaming make it such an unworkable fix that the industry thought had been dropped," he told the BBC.
"What needs to happen over the next month is collectively for the the mobile operators to work with government to come up with an agreeable fix that addresses not only poor voice coverage, but also data too," he added.
Making it easier for operators to put up masts quickly in a cost-effective way would also help current coverage issues, he added.
Mobile spectrum auctioned last year was well-suited to covering rural areas and operators were starting to make use of it and that too should help improve the situation, he said.
While the government's consultation is looking specifically at 2G services, a study commissioned by consumer watchdog Which indicates 3G and 4G coverage is also patchy around the UK.
The report into the state of the mobile phone network found big differences between the four operators in different parts of the country.
Both 3G and 4G are best in London and worst in Wales
Three had the best 3G coverage and Vodafone the worst, but Vodafone offered the fastest 4G speeds
Three was the slowest 4G network and had the worst coverage, while EE had the best 4G coverage
The report, compiled by OpenSignal, a company that crowd sources phone signal strength, looked at the 3G and 4G mobile signals of nearly 40,000 phone users of EE, 02, Three and Vodafone's networks.
It found that 4G speeds have almost halved in the past year as more people sign up to such services.
The difference between operators in different parts of the country highlighted the need for detailed information for consumers before they signed up to a particular service, said Richard Lloyd, executive director of Which.
"We're calling on providers to publish the reliability and speeds their networks actually achieve, so people can make an informed choice before signing on the dotted line," he said.
Vodafone agreed that an industry-wide standard for measuring network performance was needed.
"We've now had numerous different reports with different conclusions," said a spokesman.
All the operators are currently investing in their networks and offering more rural coverage.
 

announced by Rolls-RoyceRolls-Royce warns of falling revenue
Engineering group Rolls-Royce has said it is planning to cut 2,600 jobs over the next 18 months.
It said most of the jobs would go in its aerospace division, with most of the posts being shed in 2015.
It is not clear where the cuts will be made from Rolls-Royce's global workforce of 55,000, 24,000 of whom are in the UK.
However, the Unite union told the BBC there would be 800-1200 engineering jobs cut in Derby and Bristol.
Rolls-Royce also said Finance Director Mark Morris leaves after 27 years with the firm and would be replaced by David Smith, who is promoted from finance director of the Aerospace division.
The company's chief executive John Rishton said: "The measures announced today will not be the last, however they will contribute towards Rolls-Royce becoming a stronger and more profitable company."
Last month, Rolls warned that its underlying revenues for 2014 would be 3.5-to-4% lower than expected.
Unite's national officer Ian Waddell said: "Rolls-Royce is in danger of making decisions in the short term that it will later regret. This is a bitter blow to a proud workforce and we will be doing everything we can to fight for jobs and skills."
The company said voluntary redundancy would be offered, although it could not rule out compulsory redundancies.
Analysis: Kamal Ahmed, BBC business editor
Today's announcement on job losses is likely to be the start of a series on cutting costs for Rolls Royce. After a profits warning in February and October, the company is under pressure to act.
Aviation - where these job losses are - has not been as affected by the economic downturn and Russian sanctions as Rolls Royce's land and sea businesses, and those divisions will now be under scrutiny.
Company sources say that the aviation losses are more closely linked to a general cut in global defence spending, greater productivity after investment in new factories and an end of the development phase of the new Airbus A350 and Dreamliner engines.
Those with good knowledge of the company have told me that the 2,600 job losses will be split between civil and defence aviation in the UK and the US, with two-thirds of the losses coming in the UK.
The business hopes that all the losses will be voluntary and the process will be largely completed this year and into the first half of 2015.
Widespread
The company's UK staff are employed at four locations in the East Midlands, as well as 1,500 at five sites in the North West and 2,400 employees at six locations across Scotland.
A Scottish Enterprise spokeswoman said: "We have been in contact with Rolls-Royce, and at this stage there is no impact on the Scottish operations."
The two largest sites are in Bristol and Derby.
The company said it had become more efficient, and cited the fact a large engineering team, needed for the development phase of two Trent engines, were no longer needed as both these were now in production.
That would point to job losses in Derby, where the Trent engines, used by many international airlines, are built.
Rolls-Royce is the second largest aero-engine maker in the world.
It has customers in more than 120 countries, including more than 380 airlines and leasing firms, 160 armed forces, 4,000 marine customers including 70 navies, and 1,600 energy and nuclear customers.
Rolls-Royce said the job losses would cost it £120m over the next two years, but would bring "annual cost benefits" of £80m once implemented.
A statement from the Department for Business said: "We have consistently supported Rolls-Royce in the UK and will continue to work with them and local partners to support those affected - for example the Talent Retention Solution matches engineering talent with new job opportunities."
More on This Story

"Pitch@Palace" can be found here.The Duke of York
Interview with BBC Radio 5 Live
Listen to The Duke of York's Pitch@Palace interview on BBC Radio 5 Live "Wake Up to Money" show.
Success Stories
PIP & NUT
"It was a real honour to have the attention of such a high profile room", says Pippa Murray, founder of Pip and Nut - a range of all-natural nut butters inspired by her love of running. After the first Pitch@Palace, Pippa launched a crowdfunding campaign on Crowdcube and successfuly raised £120,000.
YOYO
"Since Pitch@Palace we have been very busy," says Michael Rolph, co-founder of YoYo – a marketing engine for retailers powered by mobile payments. "We closed our seed round raising $5m. Led by Imperial Innovations, the round included a number of angels." YoYo is now used in universities across London.
REALLY NEET
Sophie Maxwell founded The Really NEET College – a safe learning environment for people who are not in education, employment or training. Since Pitch@Palace, Sophie has won one of the UK's ten Outstanding Young People Awards. She currently has 40 young people on the Really NEET programme.
SPACIOUS
Tom Watson, Tushar Agarwal, and Rohan Silva are founders of Spacious – an online marketplace to make renting office space easy. Spacious has received £500,000 in seed funding in a round led by Spire Ventures, a company founded by former Dragons’ Den panelist James Caan. They now have 350 spaces in their catalogue! Spacious are based in London's Tech City and aim to hire five employees by Christmas.
Would you like to learn more about the outcomes from the previous Pitch@Palace?

award workers extra holiday paypeople in work in the UK
5m
do voluntary or compulsory overtime
23% of full-time working men and 15% of part-time working men do overtime
12% of full-time working women and 15% of part-time working women do overtime
Source: ONS, government
Getty Images
The coalition and business groups had argued strongly that overtime should not be included in holiday pay calculations. They were particularly concerned about a raft of back payments potentially going back many years.
But backdated claims have been limited, with the tribunal ruling that employees cannot claim more than three months after the last incorrect payment.
After the ruling, Business Secretary Vince Cable said he would be setting up a task force to assess the impact of the ruling.
"Government will review the judgment in detail as a matter of urgency," he said.
"To properly understand the financial exposure employers face, we have set up a task force of representatives from government and business to discuss how we can limit the impact on business."
Businesses are concerned about the extra money they will have to pay out
Business leaders were more forthright.
"This is a real blow to UK businesses now facing the prospect of punitive costs potentially running into billions of pounds - and not all will survive, which could mean significant job losses," said CBI director general John Cridland.
"This judgment must be challenged. We need the UK government to step up its defence of the current UK law, and use its powers to limit any retrospective liability that firms may face."
Case studies:
The employee - Shane Brown, Leicester
"I work 35 hours a week as a cleaner but am only contracted to 28 hours.
"Being on near enough minimum wage is bad enough, but to have to push to get one extra day to make ends meet makes life at work very stressful.
"It also makes me less likely to want to take a holiday because no matter what I say or do, I'll be losing out. I can't afford to only be paid for 28 hours for even one week in a month.
"It currently has a massive knock-on effect that means I have to make a choice between eating properly (and by properly, I mean one meal a day as it's all I can realistically afford) or not eating for a couple of days that week just to be able to have some simple pleasure in life.
"Being paid holiday for overtime worked would be extremely useful. It would take a massive weight off my shoulders so if I was to take a holiday, I wouldn't be constantly worrying about how I'm going to make ends meet while I'm off work and I would actually be able to relax."
The employer - Lance Harris, Bristol
"I run a small business employing 27 staff with approximately 18 working regular overtime at one and a half times the normal rate.
"My employees take home far more in wages than if they worked a normal week. This practice has been place more many years, even during the recession.
"If I have to back date a holiday pay supplement, I will curtain overtime working.
"Any such curtailment will hurt everyone but small employers are under great strain from continuous changes to working conditions, contracts, never-ending training, paternity leave, Health & Safety etc.
"Much more of this and I may well bring my retirement plans forward, to the detriment of all staff!"
Given the financial implications for companies, lawyers suggested an appeal was likely.
"The potential financial implications for many employers will be significant," said Jean Lovett, employment and incentives partner at the law firm Linklaters.
"We envisage that the tribunal's decision will not be the last word on this issue. As significant sums are involved, we expect the decision to be appealed."
"Due to the costs involved many employers may now look to reduce the availability of overtime, where feasible."
The cases centre on the interpretation of the EU-wide Working Time Directive, and in particular the Working Time Regulations implemented in the UK in 1998.
The tribunal ruling suggests that UK companies have been interpreting the EU directive wrongly.
More on This Story

tech companies need to cooperate moreGCHQ's Robert Hannigan says tech firms 'in denial' on extremism
 
Change at the top for Britain's spies
Web giants such as Twitter, Facebook and WhatsApp have become "command-and-control networks... for terrorists and criminals", GCHQ's new head has said.
Islamic State extremists had "embraced" the web but some companies remained "in denial" over the problem, Robert Hannigan wrote in the Financial Times.
He called for them to do more to co-operate with security services.
However, civil liberties campaigners said the companies were already working with the intelligence agencies.
None of the major tech firms has yet responded to Mr Hannigan's comments.
Encryption challenge
Mr Hannigan said IS had "embraced the web as a noisy channel in which to promote itself, intimidate people, and radicalise new recruits."
The "security of its communications" added another challenge to agencies such as GCHQ, he said - adding that techniques for encrypting - or digitally scrambling - messages "which were once the preserve of the most sophisticated criminals or nation states now come as standard".
GCHQ and its sister agencies, MI5 and the Secret Intelligence Service, could not tackle these challenges "at scale" without greater support from the private sector, including the largest US technology companies which dominate the web, he wrote.
Analysis
By Leo Kelion, BBC News website technology editor
One of GCHQ's key concerns is over the shift to encryption - techniques to digitally scramble messages and make their creators anonymous - becoming the default option for many leading internet services.
Both Apple and Google recently switched to making encryption opt-out rather than opt-in in their mobile operating systems iOS8 and Android Lollipop. Apple said it wanted to provide "security and privacy", while Google said the move was intended to protect data from "thieves and snoops". Other tech firms such as Yahoo and Microsoft are taking similar steps.
The firms compare the moves to safes being built with locks, and note that the authorities still have ways to obtain records. For example, Google can still pass on documents and calendars if they have been backed up from a smartphone to its cloud services.
The companies say that while they are willing to co-operate, government surveillance must occur under a legal framework and with oversight.
Mr Hannigan calls for a "mature debate" on just how much privacy these firms should offer, but has yet to be specific on what restrictions he proposes.
GCHQ, terrorists, and the internet: what are the issues?
Snowden leaks
Mr Hannigan wrote: "They [US technology companies] aspire to be neutral conduits of data and to sit outside or above politics.
"But increasingly their services not only host the material of violent extremism or child exploitation, but are the routes for the facilitation of crime and terrorism.
"However much they may dislike it, they have become the command-and-control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals, who find their services as transformational as the rest of us."
The challenge was to come up with "better arrangements for facilitating lawful investigation by security and law enforcement agencies than we have now", he said.
The debate about whether security agencies should be allowed to access personal data was brought to the fore in 2013 after Edward Snowden leaked details of alleged internet and phone surveillance by US intelligence and GCHQ.
Mr Snowden, who has been granted temporary asylum in Russia, faces espionage charges over his actions.
Earlier in the year, an investigation by the Guardian revealed how IS was using popular hashtags - including ones used during the Scottish referendum - to boost the popularity of its material on Twitter.
Analysis
By Gordon Corera, BBC security correspondent
This is a hard-hitting article from the new GCHQ director in his first move on taking up the role. His aim is clear - to pressure tech companies to work more with government.
Following the Edward Snowden disclosures last year, some of those companies have been less willing to share data with intelligence and law enforcement and more inclined to encrypt it - making it harder for authorities to gain access.
Tech companies may be surprised by the ferocity of the attack. And they - and privacy activists - may also argue that the spies started this fight with the scale of their intelligence collection and by hacking into some of those companies.
But Robert Hannigan has wasted no time in wading into the debate over security and privacy and making clear he will not shy away from a fight.
'Immense powers'
Emma Carr, director of civil liberties group Big Brother Watch, said the companies were co-operating with the authorities.
She said: "It's a very funny way to go about doing this. On one hand he's saying we need the co-operation of the tech companies while at the same time, pretty much on the first day of his new job, pointing the finger at the tech companies and implying that they just aren't co-operating with law enforcement.
"Which we know from these companies' own transparency reports that's simply not true."
Eva Galperin, from internet freedom group Electronic Frontier Foundation, which is part-funded by the technology industry, said Mr Hannigan was going too far.
"If GCHQ wants the co-operation of American internet companies they have many, many avenues through which to do so," she said.
"GCHQ is responsible for what has come out in the Snowden files as the largest internet surveillance programme we have found to date. Their powers are already immense. I think asking for more is really quite disingenuous."
Brent Hoberman, founder of lastminute.com, said he thought there should be a compromise.
He said: "We need more trust in the security services, I agree, and there were too many people that had access to the Snowden files - 800,000 people or something - that's too many for high-level security.
"But if we had enough confidence that they were only under due process with a warrant that was specific in limited cases - I want the security services to be able to get into my phone."
Mr Hannigan was appointed as the new director of GCHQ in April
Rachel O'Connell, a former chief security officer at social networking site Bebo, said the security services were taking a "polarised position".
She said this was the case "particularly post-Snowden, where we were realising that there was a suspicion, in some cases substantiated, that the security services have total access to whatever is happening online".
Security minister James Brokenshire recently met representatives from technology companies - including Google, Microsoft and Facebook - in Luxembourg to discuss ways to tackle online extremism.
The government's Counter Terrorism Internet Referral Unit (CTIRU), set up in 2010, has removed more than 49,000 pieces of content from the internet that "encourage or glorify acts of terrorism" - 30,000 of which have been removed since December 2013.
Scotland Yard's head of counter-terrorism, Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley, has previously said that officers are removing more than 1,000 online postings a week, including graphic and violent videos and images.
 

Companies Fail on TransparencyThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Stock futures surge on GOP election waveFutures surge on GOP election wave
By: William Cummings November 5, 2014 4:52 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Wall Street investors drove major market index futures higher, Wednesday, after the Republican party secured control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years on Tuesday.
Here is where futures stood ahead of the opening bell:
Dow: + 03%
S&P: + 0.4%
Nasdaq: + 0.5%
Historically, Wall Street thrives with a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
MORE:  GOP sweep could spur stocks
In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.4%, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index dropped 0.6% and the Shanghai composite fell 0.5%.
European benchmarks posted strong gains, with Britain’s FTSE 100 up 0.9%, Germany’s DAX 1.3% higher and France’s CAC 40 up 1.2%.

Obama faces test after US midterm poll loss; can he bounce backObama faces test after US midterm poll loss; can he bounce back?
AFP
Six years after sweeping into the White House on the slogan "Yes We Can", Barack Obama, whose Democratic party has lost control of both houses of Congress, must now find a new can-do spirit.
                  
Floundering in the polls and shunned by his own party's candidates, as Obama moves into the final two years of his term his presidency seems a world away from the promise of his 2008 campaign.
                  
In Tuesday's midterms Republicans seized control of the Senate and reinforced their majority in the House of Representatives, leaving the White House a lonely Democratic redoubt.
\
 As Barack Obama moves into the final two years of his term, his presidency seems a world away from the promise of his 2008 campaign of 'Yes, we can'.  (AP Photo)              
With eyes already turning to the 2016 vote to replace him, the US leader is saddled with an image problem and must show Americans he still has projects he can accomplish and battles he can win.
Meanwhile, he does not hide his frustration at roadblocks in Congress and his distaste for the political games he would need to play to make progress in Washington.
                  
Obama is far from the only president to find himself stuck after a midterm vote with a Congress in the hands of the other party.
                  
Dwight D Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush all ended up in the same awkward position in their final two years in office.
                  
"We do have an obligation to work together on issues where we can agree," the new Republican leader of the Senate, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, said Tuesday night.
                  
"Just because we have a two-party system doesn"t mean we have to be in perpetual conflict."
                  
House Majority leader John Boehner urged Obama to "begin the last two years of his presidency by taking some bipartisan steps."
                  
In a statement with an aggressive tone Boehner warned Obama against any "counter-attack" on the new Republican majority, but there seems to be little margin for cooperation.
                  
Rice University historian Douglas Brinkley, had predicted a Congress led by Republicans means total paralysis on most legislation -- but that could leave space for the man in the Oval Office.
                  
"It's going to be almost impossible to get anything done between the White House and Congress over the next two years," he warned.
                  
But, with the clock winding down, the president may feel freer to use his executive power more widely to push his agenda forward.
                  
"Presidents are usually a bit more timid to use executive powers in their first term or even their first six years because you still dream of cutting a deal on Capitol Hill," he explained.
                  
"In many ways, he is going to be liberated, because Republicans do not want to do any business with him."
                  
It is difficult to imagine any major issues on which the Obama administration and a Republican-dominated Congress could find common ground.
                  
Between now and his January 20, 2017 exit, Obama may make greater use of his so-called "pen and phone strategy" -- using his pen for executive orders and his phone to mobilize outside groups.
                  
The shift could become evident within weeks, over the highly controversial issue of immigration.
                 
Making his mark
                 
Obama has said he will act on immigration before the end of the year, arguing: "The American people don't want me standing around twiddling my thumbs waiting for Congress to do something."
                  
An executive order could offer relief to some of America's 11 million undocumented immigrants, many of whom have spent their lives in the United States under constant threat of deportation.
                  
Obama's supporters, impatient after previous delays, and his opponents, who argue it is unacceptable to bypass Congress on such an important issue, are awaiting the president's next move.
                  
Speaking Sunday during a campaign rally for Connecticut's Democratic governor, Obama was interrupted repeatedly by protesters denouncing deportations.
                  
Responding, Obama expressed his frustration, but also expressing a certain powerlessness.
                  
"We fought for immigration reform. It's the other party that's blocked it. Unfortunately, folks get frustrated, and so they want to yell at everybody," he complained.
                  
Without turning to the Congress, Obama can use his final two years to build on his main legislative accomplishment: Obamacare, which makes health insurance available for millions of uninsured.
                  
On the international front, two major crises -- tensions in Ukraine fueled by pro-Russian separatists, and the advance of the Islamic State jihadist group in Iraq and Syria -- could monopolize his time.
                  
And he could see concrete results on three major negotiations: a nuclear agreement with Iran, a trans-Pacific free trade agreement; and a global agreement on climate change.
                  
Each time, he must navigate a fine line with Congress, which he might be tempted to circumvent.
                  
On climate any treaty must be ratified by two-thirds of the Senate, almost certainly impossible in the current political environment, but a different legal approach could allow Obama to avoid the obstacle.
                  
Whether on domestic policy or on the international stage, historian Brinkley warns against the temptation to draw a conclusion either way on Obama's legacy too soon.
                  
"He still has two full years to distinguish himself," Brinkley said. "He still has a quarter of his presidency ahead of him."

Sensex hits 28 000 in a first  ends 55 pts up; Hexaware Tech & Bhushan Steel surge 10%You are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex, Nifty hit fresh record high; top 10 intraday trading ideas
ET Now Nov 5, 2014, 03.49PM IST
Tags:
Adani Power Ltd
(At 11:30 a.m.; the 30-share…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 146 points in trade on Wednesday to hit its fresh lifetime high of 28006.60, led by gains in ICICI Bank , ITC, Sun Pharma and SBI.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index managed to climbed nearly 40 points to touch its fresh record highs of 8363.95, supported by gains in banks, FMCG, pharma and IT stocks.
At 3:10 pm, the Sensex was at 27,9120.21; up 51.83 points. It touched an all-time high of 28,006.60 in early trade.
The 50-stock Nifty was at 8,336.70; up 12.55 points. It touched an all-time high of 8,363.65 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
IndusInd Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 745 and a stop loss of Rs 710
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 365 and a stop loss of Rs 347
Yes Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 715 and a stop loss of Rs 680
BPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 765 and a stop loss of Rs 730
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
GMR Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 24.50 and a stop loss of Rs 21.90
Adani Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 53 and a stop loss of Rs 47.80
Jain Irrigations Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 95 and a stop loss of Rs 87
IOC is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 368
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
CESC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 715 and a stop loss of Rs 690
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 110 and a stop loss of Rs 100
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Read Brian Milligan s piece hereForget the number of shopping days till Christmas. We are now just six months away from a general election.
Party strategists are already reviewing their tool-kits: opinion polls, focus groups, ministerial visits, or celebrity endorsements perhaps.
But for credibility, nothing beats statistics. It's hard to argue with them.
However, in one of the first salvos of the campaign, the Treasury has released a set of figures on welfare spending which are proving controversial.
The figures are being sent to all 24 million people in the UK who pay income tax, telling them exactly where their money goes.
Taxpayers will therefore learn that very nearly 25% of their bill goes on welfare spending alone.
Critics
But the TUC has already dismissed this as "party political propaganda masquerading as neutral information".
It said the figures were designed to soften up the electorate for further spending cuts, and by implication, boost the Tory vote.
So is the Treasury feeding us established facts, or a manicured form of fiction?
The Treasury's pie chart shows that welfare spending accounts for 24.5% of all public spending.
But on closer examination, the welfare section includes pensions paid to nurses, doctors, police officers and fire crew. Many might think this is not really "welfare" spending.
Indeed the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) suggests a nurse's pension might be better categorised under health spending - like that same nurse's salary.
But the Treasury argues that it is using categories that are recognised by the United Nations, and which conform to global standards.
The categories are based on Public Expenditure Statistical Analyses (PESAs), which the Treasury has been using for years.
And yet in sending out the information to taxpayers, the Treasury did make one departure from normal practice.
Under PESAs, the state pension is normally included with welfare payments. But the Treasury decided to split out the state pension, and show it as a separate cost.
Its reasoning? The state pension represents 12% of all public expenditure, and therefore it says a separate category improves transparency for taxpayers.
But of course had it not split out the state pension, welfare would have appeared to represent an even larger proportion of public spending.
That should attenuate some of the noise coming from the Treasury's critics at least.
Alternatives
But the IFS is not entirely happy with the way the Treasury has presented the facts.
It suggests that taxpayers should be told how the welfare slice of the pie breaks down, but under different headings from the PESA categories used by the government.
"Lumping a quarter of total spending into one bucket labelled "welfare" may not strike the most helpful balance," it said.
"Especially when it includes such diverse items as spending on social care, public service pensions, disability benefits, child benefit and unemployment benefits," it declared in a research note called What is Welfare Spending?
So instead of the PESA categories, it suggests welfare spending is broken down as follows.
Public service pensions - paid to teachers, police officers, nurses etc
Other pensions spending - excluding pensions themselves, but including pension credit, winter fuel allowance etc
Personal social services - long-term care for the elderly, sick and disabled.
Working age benefits - including social security payments, tax credits, housing benefits etc.
Using these categories might also allay some voter's suspicions that too much is spent on those who are out of work.
They would show that just 14% of public spending goes on benefits for those of working age, and that includes benefits paid to those who are working, like child benefit or working tax credit.
But perhaps it would be even clearer to taxpayers - and more accurate - if the state pension was included in welfare spending, as the PESA system suggests it should be.
On the other hand, the IFS also suggests that personal social services should be excluded, as should pensions paid to public sector workers like doctors, judges and police officers. In the pie chart above, the cost of personal social services has therefore been re-categorised into health.
If these guidelines were accepted, the IFS says welfare spending could be measured under four quite different categories.
Benefits aimed at families with children
Benefits aimed at sick and disabled people
Benefits aimed at the unemployed and those on low incomes
Benefits aimed at older people
However this method would show that welfare spending actually amounts to more than 30% of government spending, not the 24.5% as stated by the Treasury.

the first US city to pass a taxThe US city of Berkeley in California has voted in favour of a tax on sugary drinks, the first specifically targeting soda consumption in the US.
However, nearby San Francisco has not backed a similar measure.
Although final votes were still being counted, Berkeley - which required a simple 50% majority - backed the measure with the support of about two-thirds of voters.
San Francisco failed to achieve the two-thirds majority needed.
The vote was being watched across the US, in large part because the drinks industry reportedly spent millions of dollars fighting the taxes.
Berkeley is to levy a one-cent per ounce tax on sugary beverages, a move that supporters say will reduce consumption and battle obesity and diabetes.
The proposal in San Francisco was to add two cents per ounce.
There have been about 30 previous attempts to introduce a soda tax in US states and cities, all of which failed.
Supporters hope that the Berkeley breakthrough will send a message to the rest of the country.
"What the soda industry is worried about is momentum, you win one and it makes it easier to win the next one and the next one," said Michael Roberts, executive director of the Resnick Program for Food Law & Policy at UCLA Law School.
But opponents say Berkeley, with its high student population, is not representative and will have little impact on the health debate.
"Berkeley doesn't look like mainstream America," said Christopher Gindlesperger, a spokesman for the American Beverage Association. "If politicians in the country want to stake their reputations on what Berkeley is doing, they will do so at their own risk."
More on This Story

SAT allows DLF to redeem MFs worth Rs 1 806 crBankruptcy
(The debt-laden firm has…)
MUMBAI: MUMBAI: In an interim relief against Sebi order, realty giant DLF was today allowed by the Securities Appellate Tribunal to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 1,806 crore till next month.
After hearing an appeal for interim relief by DLF, the Tribunal allowed the company to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 767 crore in the current month and further funds worth Rs 1,039 crore in December.
DLF had sought permission to redeem funds locked in mutual funds after being slapped with the market regulator's ban last month from accessing the capital market for 3 years.
The Delhi-based developer had made the request through an affidavit submitted on Monday to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which is hearing DLF's appeal against the unprecedented ban imposed by the watchdog last month on the company and six of its top officials.
The affidavit was filed following a direction from the tribunal last Thursday.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, will begin its final hearing on December 10 on DLF's main plea against Sebi order.
At an earlier hearing on October 30, the SAT had asked DLF to specifically mention the time-frame, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
The SAT has further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
Last month, Sebi banned DLF and six of its senior-most officials, including founder-Chairman K P Singh, from capital markets for three years. The company challenged the ban in SAT and had sought an interim relief on October 22.
The Sebi took action against DLF for not disclosing the details about three of its 353 subsidiaries/associate companies in its 2007 IPO filing. This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders about 4 per cent, among others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Repo rate cut unlikely to boost investments:...Crisil
(With inflation easing in…)
MUMBAI: The recent slowdown in the economy is on account of policy uncertainty and sluggish domestic demand, and a cut in repo rate is unlikely to spur investments, a Crisil report has said.
"Factors behind the recent slowdown in economic growth and investment in the country have little to do with high interest rates. The primary reason is a sharp fall in the expected return on investments due to policy uncertainty and slowing domestic demand," rating agency Crisil said in a report today.
"In such a situation, leaning on monetary policy to revive investments will yield little benefit," it added.
With inflation easing in recent months, there has been a growing clamour for a rate cut to boost the economy.
Retail inflation or CPI eased to 6.46 per cent in September, lowest since January 2012, from 7.73 per cent in August.
Although the monetary policy tool of cutting the interest rate is conventionally used to energise a flagging economy, it does not hold true under all circumstances, the report said.
"And it carries the risk of reversing the recent gains in inflation, which, in any case, is nothing much to write home about," it added.
It said investment growth has slowed down sharply even though policy rates have been negative in real terms and real lending rates have averaged less than 3 per cent.
The rating agency said the government should continue to improve the policy environment to raise the expected return on investment.
It also said the new NDA government has taken a number of steps, which will yield results over the next few quarters.
"On its part, the RBI should continue its fight to stabilise consumer price inflation below 6 per cent and that would require standing pat on the repo rate," it said.
Lower inflation will help revive consumption demand and reduce input costs, boosting return on investments, the report added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt plans $2.8-billion ONGC stake sale by e...The marketing roadshows for the share sale, worth about $2.8 billion at current market price, are likely to start from Nov. 17.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: The Indian government plans to sell a 5 per cent stake in energy explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) in the last week of November or the first week of December, two sources directly involved in the deal said on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government has introduced long-awaited reforms in the oil sector, freeing diesel prices and raising natural gas prices - measures which should be positive for ONGC and other oil marketing companies.
Presentations to investors on the share sale, worth about $2.8 billion at current market prices, are likely to start from Nov. 17 and will run for about a week, said the sources, declining to be named as the details were not yet public.
"There is a plan to hold roadshows in the US , London and Singapore from Nov. 17 to 23 to attract global investors ," said one of the sources.
The share sale is part of the government's plan to raise a record $9.5 billion via asset sales in the current financial year through March 2015 to help plug its fiscal deficit.
Aradhana Johri , secretary at India's divestment department, which oversees the sale of holdings in state companies, was not immediately available for comment.
The government has appointed five banks - Citigroup, HSBC Securities, ICICI Securities, UBS Securities and Kotak Mahindra Capital - to manage the sale.
In 2012, the government sold 5 per cent of ONGC to raise about Rs 140 billion ($2.3 billion). It retains about 69 per cent of the company.
ONGC, the country's biggest oil explorer, plans to raise overseas output in two stages to 60 million tonnes of oil plus oil-equivalent gas by 2030, or 1.2 million barrels a day.
After oil sector reforms, ONGC's share of subsidies is expected to fall substantially this year, said the official. He also said there was no plan to sell stakes in any other oil company this year.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

The US mid-term electionsFive surprises
The Republicans have won control of the Senate in the US mid-term elections, increasing their power in the final two years of Barack Obama's presidency.
The Republicans also increased their grip on the House of Representatives and now control both chambers of Congress for the first time since 2006.
Republican Senator Mitch McConnell said the result was a vote against "a government people can no longer trust".
Mr Obama is to hold a press conference later on Wednesday.
He has already invited congressional leaders from both parties to the White House for talks on Friday.
Mr Obama reportedly tried to call Mr McConnell as the results came in, but the two did not speak and the president left a message.
'Work together'
About one-third of the Senate, the entire House of Representatives, 36 of 50 state governors, and numerous state and local offices were up for election.
iFrame
Throughout the campaign, Republicans focused on voter dissatisfaction with Mr Obama, a Democrat, describing the vote as a referendum on his presidency.
As the first results came in late on Tuesday, it became clear they had made the six gains they needed to win control of the Senate.
The Republicans won in Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Montana, North Carolina, South Dakota and West Virginia. The party now controls 52 seats, and is tipped to win at least one more as votes are counted in other states.
Republican Mitch McConnell is to become the Senate majority leader
Mr McConnell defeated the challenge of Alison Lundergan Grimes in Kentucky
The Republicans are also projected to increase their majority in the House of Representatives to levels not seen since before World War Two.
They also made gains among the 36 governorships up for re-election.
Analysis, Jon Sopel, BBC North America editor
Barack Obama's unpopularity in the run-up to these mid-term elections is hard to exaggerate. One of the things that is lost in the big picture of the night is some of the sidebar poll findings - the American people are fed up with all their politicians. It's not just the occupant of the White House, though as Harry Truman most famously noted, the buck stops with the president.
Mitch McConnell will be conscious of that, and will know that in two years' time, when it is not just the Senate but the presidency in play, the American people could be venting their spleen on him. Be fearful of the blame game.
That leaves the Kentucky senator with some important tactical decisions to make.
Mitch McConnell: DC insider with a mission
The Republicans will now have the power to complicate, if not block completely, Mr Obama's agenda in the last two years of his tenure in the White House.
Control of the Senate will also enable the Republicans to stymie his ability to name new federal judges, cabinet members and senior government officials.
In addition to seats the party won from the Democrats, the Republicans retained seats in at least a dozen other states.

Indian Refiners Complete $900 Million Payment to Iran Under Interim Deal: ReportBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Indian refiners completed payment of $900 million in frozen oil revenues to Iran on Wednesday under an interim deal that eased some sanctions against Tehran over its disputed nuclear work, said industry sources with direct knowledge of the matter.
Iran and the United States, China, France, Germany, Britain and Russia agreed in July to extend the initial six-month interim accord to November 24 after they failed to agree a final resolution to their dispute before the deadline.
Tehran would have to curb its nuclear work to ensure it cannot be applied to weapons in exchange for removal of the sanctions that have hobbled its oil-based economy by cutting off the flow of payments for its crude exports.
"The first instalment of $400 million was cleared last month and today the companies paid the second instalment of $500 million," said one of the industry sources.
The sources declined to be named because they are not authorised to speak to the press.
In the second instalment of $500 million, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd and Essar Oil paid around $220 million each, Indian Oil Corp about $60 million and Hindustan Petroleum Corp about $5 million, according to the sources.
Indian refiners settle 45 per cent of their oil payment to Iran in rupees through a local bank, while they continue to hold on to the remainder that are remitted to Tehran under the interim deal. Iran uses the fund in rupee accounts to pay for imports from India.
The payments are made using an existing mechanism based on a series of back-to-back transactions in different currencies that are initially channeled through the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Iran will eventually get the payment in dirhams from the United Arab Emirates' central bank.
Tough sanctions put in place in 2012 have reduced Iran's exports by more than half from around 2.5 million barrels per day (bpd).
Iran's biggest oil clients - China, India, Japan and South Korea - imported 6.6 per cent less in September than a year ago, the first on-year decline since December, but shipments rose back above the 1 million bpd mark allowed under the interim deal that eased Western sanctions.
US Secretary of State John Kerry will meet Iran's foreign minister and the European Union foreign policy chief in Oman on November 9-10 to discuss the Iranian nuclear issue ahead of the November 24 deadline for a final agreement.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Dont tarnish entire Muslim community: MaulanaMadaniPrint
Maulana Mahmood Madani said 'the central agencies even before something is proved, is leaking things is creating problems for entire community'.
By: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:53 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:20 pm
Accusing central agencies and Ministry of Home Affairs of being involved in witchhunting in the Burdwan blast case, Jamat-Ulama-e-Hind general secretary Maulana Mahmood Madani on Wednesday alleged that a conspiracy is on to “tarnish” the entire Muslim community.
“If someone is guilty, then he should be punished. But please don’t indulge in witchhunting and tarnish the entire community. The central agencies even before something is proved, is leaking things about raids in madrasas which in turn is creating problems for the entire community,” he said.
“What was the central agencies and the Home Ministry doing when such activities were going on? If any unlawful thing is going on in madrasas and it is proved, we will fully cooperate with the agencies,” Madani said.
Madrasas operating in Bengal and throughout India work for the benefit of the masses, he asserted.
NIA, which is investigating the Burdwan blast, is probing links with suspected al-Qaeda and Jama’atul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terrorists with Simulia madrasa in the district as the accused were believed to have been indoctrinated there.
“A conspiracy is being hatched to malign the entire community. We have to fight against this community. I must say that the condition of Muslims in India is much better than their counterparts in other countries of the Indian sub continent.
“India belongs to all communities. During partition, we had the option of leaving India but our forefathers choose to be part of India. But if such kind of vilification campaign continues against us, then it will alienate the entire community,” he added.

Mitsubishi Pajero Sport 42 AT Launch on15thPrint
The Pajero Sport 4x2 AT is expected to be priced on par or lower than the MT variant, which is priced at Rs. 23.50 lakh.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:50 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:00 pm
Mitsubishi Motors India will launch the Mitsubishi Pajero Sport 4×2 AT in India on the 15th November. The new variant of the SUV, which was first launched in India in 2012, will compete against 4×2 AT variants offered by rivals.
The Pajero Sport 4×2 AT will go up against the Toyota Fortuner 4×2 AT, SsangYong Rexton RX7 AT, Chevrolet Captiva LTZ AWD and Ford Endeavour 3.0L 4×2 AT.
The Pajero Sport 4×2 AT is expected to be priced on par or lower than the MT variant, which is priced at Rs. 23.50 lakh, ex-showroom Delhi.
The SUV may receive some slight styling changes inside-out, it could get the changes added to the dual-tone variant launched at the beginning of the festive season including a 2-DIN multimedia system with integrated DVD player, navigation system and reverse parking display, cooled box placed in the boot, ORVM cover integrated indicators etc.
The Mitsubishi Pajero Sport 4×2 AT will be powered by the same 2.5-litre, 4-cylinder turbocharged diesel engine that powers the standard variant.
This engine produces maximum power of 178PS @ 4,000 rpm and maximum torque of 400Nm @ 2,000 rpm. The 5-speed automatic transmission and power being transmitted only to the rear axle means that the Pajero Sport AT may be more fuel efficient. The Pajero Sport 5-speed MT variant returns 12.8 km/l according to ARAI.
Other mechanicals will remain the same, the Mitsubishi Pajero Sport is built on a ladder frame chassis; suspension duties is handled by double-wishbone front suspension with coil springs and three-link coil spring suspension at the rear paired to anti-roll bars.
This ensures good on-road handling, but the 4×2 system means that the off-road capability of the SUV will be compromised. This SUV will be a good option for those looking for a big SUV for on-road duties with the added convenience of an automatic transmission.
Customers will have to contend with the company’s limited after-sales service network though.

Oil falls below $82 on weak Chinese & Europe...Oil falls below $82 on weak Chinese and European data
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 09.35PM IST
Oil prices on both sides of Atlantic lost more than 2% after Saudi Arabia cut export prices to US, threatening to deepen a global supply glut.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Brent oil touched a new four-year low on Wednesday, briefly sinking below $82 a barrel after weak Chinese and European data, but US crude rose on strong employment figures and a surprise fall in inventories.
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after data revealed sluggish factory growth in the world's second-largest economy.
Euro zone business growth picked up less than expected in October despite much deeper price cutting and was only marginally higher than September's 10-month low, according to business surveys.
Brent crude for December fell 35 cents to $82.47 a barrel by 1450 GMT, having earlier reached the day's low of $81.63, its weakest since October 2010.
"Supply is higher and demand expectations are being cut almost every day," said Hans van Cleef , senior energy economist at ABN Amro in Amsterdam.
US crude futures rose 35 cents to $77.54 a barrel, squeezing the US benchmark's discount to Brent below $5.
The US private sector created 230,000 jobs in October, more than the 220,000 forecast by economists, according to data provided by a payrolls processor.
"The jobs data is driving the US crude price up even as Brent falls," said Michael Hewson, chief analyst at CMC Markets in London.
US crude took further support from inventory data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute , which showed that domestic stocks fell by 639,000 barrels to 374.9 million in the week to Oct. 31.
Analysts polled by Reuters had predicted that stocks would grow by 2.2 million barrels.
The market is now awaiting weekly inventory data from the US government's Energy Information Administration (EIA) later in the day for more clues on demand in the world's top oil consumer.
Global supply continued to climb as Brazil's oil output reached a record 2.358 million barrels per day in September, up nearly 13 per cent from a year earlier, national oil regulator ANP said.
Consistent supply from Libya and Iraq, where many expected production to be disrupted by conflict, has added to the downward pressure on prices.
The dollar index hit a new 4-1/2-year high on Wednesday, weighing on oil and driving gold prices to their lowest since April 2010.
Oil and other commodities priced in dollars become more expensive to holders of other currencies when the US unit rises, denting demand.
Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic lost more than 2 per cent on Tuesday after Saudi Arabia cut export prices to the United States , threatening to deepen a global supply glut that has driven crude prices down 30 per cent since June.
Analysts at Commerzbank said in a note on Wednesday, "Brent could well be putting the $80 mark to the test before long."
Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi is making his first visits in years to fellow exporters Venezuela and Mexico, although tumbling oil prices are not the stated purpose of the trip, according to officials and sources.
Still, the travel plans come at a pivotal moment for Saudi Arabia and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which meets later in November to discuss how to respond to the rout in global oil prices.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Ebola may be deadlier and more widespread: S...Africa
(A new analysis indicates…)
WASHINGTON: The current Ebola outbreak in West Africa that has grown exponentially since May and has already killed over 5,000 people could prove to be more widespread and deadlier than we think, researchers warn.
A new analysis indicates that the outbreak's fatality rate is over 70 per cent - rather than 50 per cent as previously claimed by the World Health Organisation - and that the total number of affected individuals could exceed 1 million by early next year, researchers said.
As long as the number of infected people rises exponentially, the likelihood of exporting Ebola to other countries does as well, they said.
"The disease itself hasn't changed, with essentially the same fatality rate and transmissibility as ever. What is different is the number of sickened individuals," said Dr Allen Hunt , professor at Wright State University in the US.
"If trends continue a few more months, the global community could be forced into a terrible ethical dilemma - either risking the escape of Ebola to other poor, war-torn countries, or sealing off borders to countries in West Africa, with unimaginable humanitarian consequences," said Hunt.
The study was published in the journal Complexity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China to HK s last British Guv: Times have c...'Times have changed' China tells Hong Kong's last British governor Chris Patten
By AFP | 5 Nov, 2014, 05.18PM IST
Chris Patten, who oversaw the transfer of Hong Kong from British to Chinese rule in 1997, had said Beijing was wrong to insist the situation.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China admonished the last British governor of Hong Kong today, after he called on London to do more to encourage democracy in the former colony.
Chris Patten , who oversaw the transfer of Hong Kong from British to Chinese rule in 1997, had said Beijing was wrong to insist the situation in the territory was nothing to do with London, due to the binding agreements signed between the governments.
"He should stop his words and actions that embolden the Occupy Central movement," Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said at a regular briefing, referring to the demonstrators who have staged street rallies and road blockades for more than a month.
"As the last governor marking the end of the UK's colonial rule over Hong Kong, he should know better and see clearly that the times have changed."
The protestors in Hong Kong are calling for free leadership elections in 2017, when universal suffrage has been promised.
"When China asserts that what's happening in Hong Kong is nothing to do with us, we should make it absolutely clear, publicly and privately, that is absolutely not the case," Patten said yesterday, adding he was "amazed" that Britain's Foreign Office was not pushing harder at Beijing.
Patten was testifying before parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee , which is looking into Britain's relations with Hong Kong 30 years after the Joint Declaration, the agreement that outlined the city's return to Chinese sovereignty.
"Hong Kong affairs are China's domestic affairs; no foreign government or individual has the right to interfere in Hong Kong affairs in any way," Hong said.

announced a net incomeClick here to view additional SEC filings.
Files are in Portable Document Format (PDF)
To view PDF documents, you will need Adobe® Acrobat® Reader. Download a free copy from the Adobe website.
These materials are dated as of the date originally issued and may now be out of date.
This page is hosted by Thomson Reuters. Time Warner Inc. does not maintain, monitor or provide information directly to this page. Time Warner Inc. makes no representations or warranties with respect to the information contained on this page and takes no responsibility for supplementing, updating or correcting any such information.
Helpful Links

From the World Economic ForumThe World Economic Forum in Davos is a glitzy affair - prime ministers and chief executives rubbing shoulders with campaigning film and rock stars in the snow-covered Swiss ski town.
The World Economic Forum in Delhi promises to be a little less lively.
The India event has some well-known names from the country's business and political scene among the 700 participants at one of the capital's swishest hotels, the Taj Palace. Plenty of international firms and governments are represented too.
But nobody is expecting an appearance from Bono.
WEF India comes at a time of renewed interest in the nation, about six months since the landslide election victory of the BJP , led by Narendra Modi (who is also not scheduled to attend).
Since then, the country's business community has been upbeat. Any journalist will tell you it is hard to find anyone in industry with a vaguely critical word to say about the new leader - at least publicly.
'Bold decisions needed'
That optimism has been partly reinforced by recent economic data - especially sharply falling inflation and rising economic growth after three consecutive years of slowing GDP.
What we are seeing though after a honeymoon period is, if not frustration, then an increasingly urgent message that the government needs more concrete steps.
"India's progress depends fundamentally on the ability of its leaders to take the bold decisions necessary to transform the country's economy and society," says Viraj Mehta, WEF's India and South Asia director.
Help making it easier for infrastructure projects to go ahead would encourage investment in India
Meanwhile, a report by consultants Deloitte ahead of the conference underlined that government reforms needed to take shape if the country was going to be more prosperous.
"To fully realise its potential, India must continue to invest in infrastructure, particularly transport networks and power systems, as well as work to enhance the employability of its working population," says Gary Coleman, Deloitte's global managing director for industries. "And of course, all this requires effective implementation."
Investment promises
Like most WEF conferences, this one has an ambitious-sounding theme and one that reflects the change in power: Redefining Public-Private Co-operation for a New Beginning.
What many of the delegates in Delhi are really looking for now though are specifics, not rhetoric.
"Business leaders are keen to engage with the government and see how it plans to restart the investment cycle, revive demand and convert the first signs of revival into a full-fledged recovery," says Chandrajit Banerjee, director-general of the Confederation of Indian Industry.
So far the big promises of investment into India have accompanied Mr Modi's overseas visits. These trips, particularly to China and Japan have drawn pledges of tens of billions of dollars of investment especially in infrastructure.
In that same period, there have been no high-profile examples of investment pouring into the country. Instead, firms are adopting a wait-and-see approach.
Initiatives, including a much-lauded "Make in India" campaign to boost manufacturing, send signals of intent.
But solid plans on overhauling subsidies, tackling corruption and really making it easier to build infrastructure are likely to be more encouraging to businesses considering putting their faith back in India.
As the chief executive of KPMG India, Richard Rekhy, tweeted on Sunday: "The #IndiaEconomicSummit is a good place to make some major announcements on reforms; the world is watching and we need to act."
More on This Story

Apartment tower rises atop Block 37Apartment tower rises atop Block 37
Block Thirty Seven
Courtesy Solomon Cordwell Buenz
CIM Group announced that it has secured its initial permits for the construction of a 34-story, 690-unit apartment tower above Block Thirty Seven, the existing five-level, 275,000-square-foot shopping, dining, and entertainment destination located in Chicago's Loop.
CIM Group announced that it has secured its initial permits for the construction of a 34-story, 690-unit apartment tower above Block Thirty Seven, the existing five-level, 275,000-square-foot shopping, dining, and entertainment destination located in Chicago's Loop. (Courtesy Solomon Cordwell Buenz)
Block 37 residential project kicking off.
A new option for living in the Loop.
Block 37's long-awaited residential project got an official kickoff Wednesday afternoon as the developer announced plans to bring 690 apartment units to the heart of the Loop by summer 2016.
  Open link
The 34-story glass-walled tower, designed by Chicago-based architecture firm Solomon Cordwell Buenz, will be built atop the five-level enclosed mall on the Randolph Street side of Block 37, which is bounded by State, Washington, Dearborn and Randolph streets. Amenities include a fifth-floor with an outdoor pool and spa, plus a rooftop spa and fitness center.
Residents will be able to access the mall directly through an elevator without having to go outside.
It is a major development for the mall, bought by Los Angeles-based CIM Group in 2012, which suffered decades of setbacks as it changed hands several times and fell into foreclosure just after its 2009 opening.
"No other block has a history like Block 37 in the city of Chicago," Mayor Rahm Emanuel said, drawing chuckles, during the kickoff event in the mall pedway.
3
Several other recent deals also suggest the mall is turning a corner. AMC Theatres plans to bring an 11-screen dine-in movie theater to the vacant top floor in early 2016, and a Latin-themed food court called Latinicity, from chef Richard Sandoval, is expected to open in spring on the third floor. Block 37 also is set to add a new 5,000-square-foot restaurant and bar concept from the Lawless family, which operates The Gage and Acanto (formerly Henri) on Michigan Avenue, to the ground floor at Randolph and Dearborn streets.
Still, only about 52 percent of the retail space in the mall is leased, said Michael Regan, vice president of investments for CIM Group. When CIM bought the property, it was just under 30 percent leased. Regan said he expects the retail to be stabilized by the time the residential tower opens in 2016.
The apartment tower adds significantly to a swelling residential population in the Loop, beefing up its image as a place to live as well as work. The number of residential units in the Loop has nearly tripled, to a projected 14,331 this year, from 5,071 in 2000, according to Appraisal Research Counselors.
"It's tremendously important because Block 37 is a central location, a major retail force, and now it will contribute to the residential growth that is making the Loop a real 24/7 community," said Marty Stern, chairman of the Chicago Loop Alliance and executive vice president and managing director of U.S. Equities Realty.
Stern, who was part of a team that hired one of the early developers of Block 37, said one of the big ideas that allowed the residential project to go forward was to build the residential tower on top of the retail component in a separate phase, as opposed to prior plans that integrated residential, retail and hotel phases.
There are no longer plans to build a hotel.
The construction site has closed a parking lane and two traffic lanes along Randolph, leaving just one lane for cars. An additional lane will open in November.

The Global Economy Is Flying on One Engine -- But There Is Turbulence Aheadreddit
TOKYO -- The global economy is like a jetliner that needs all of its engines operational to take off and steer clear of clouds and storms. Unfortunately, only one of its four engines is functioning properly: the Anglosphere (the United States and its close cousin, the United Kingdom).
The second engine -- the eurozone -- has now stalled after an anemic post-2008 restart. Indeed, Europe is one shock away from outright deflation and another bout of recession.
Likewise, the third engine, Japan, is running out of fuel after a year of fiscal and monetary stimulus. And emerging markets (the fourth engine) are slowing sharply as decade-long global tailwinds -- rapid Chinese growth, zero policy rates and quantitative easing by the U.S. Federal Reserve and a commodity supercycle -- become headwinds.
So the question is whether and for how long the global economy can remain aloft on a single engine. Weakness in the rest of the world implies a stronger dollar, which will invariably weaken U.S. growth. The deeper the slowdown in other countries and the higher the dollar rises, the less the U.S. will be able to decouple from the funk everywhere else, even if domestic demand seems robust.
Falling oil prices may provide cheaper energy for manufacturers and households, but they hurt energy exporters and their spending. And, while increased supply -- particularly from North American shale resources -- has put downward pressure on prices, so has weaker demand in the eurozone, Japan, China and many emerging markets. Moreover, persistently low oil prices induce a fall in investment in new capacity, further undermining global demand.
Meanwhile, market volatility has grown, and a correction is still underway. Bad macro news can be good for markets, because a prompt policy response alone can boost asset prices. But recent bad macro news has been bad for markets, owing to the perception of policy inertia. Indeed, the European Central Bank is dithering about how much to expand its balance sheet with purchases of sovereign bonds, while the Bank of Japan only now decided to increase its rate of quantitative easing, given evidence that this year's consumption-tax increase is impeding growth and that next year's planned tax increase will weaken it further.
As for fiscal policy, Germany continues to resist a much-needed stimulus to boost eurozone demand. And Japan seems to be intent on inflicting on itself a second, growth-retarding consumption-tax increase.
Furthermore, the Fed has now exited quantitative easing and is showing a willingness to start raising policy rates sooner than markets expected. If the Fed does not postpone rate increases until the global economic weather clears, it risks an aborted takeoff -- the fate of many economies in the last few years.
If the Republican Party takes full control of the U.S. Congress in the midterm election, policy gridlock is likely to worsen, risking a rerun of the damaging fiscal battles that led last year to a government shutdown and almost to a technical debt default. More broadly, the gridlock will prevent the passage of important structural reforms that the U.S. needs to boost growth.
Major emerging countries are also in trouble. Of the five BRICS economies (Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa), three (Brazil, Russia and South Africa) are close to recession. The biggest, China, is in the midst of a structural slowdown that will push its growth rate closer to 5 percent in the next two years, from above 7 percent now.
At the same time, much-touted reforms to rebalance growth from fixed investment to consumption are being postponed until President Xi Jinping consolidates his power. China may avoid a hard landing, but a bumpy and rough one appears likely.
The risk of a global crash has been low, because deleveraging has proceeded apace in most advanced economies; the effects of fiscal drag are smaller; monetary policies remain accommodative; and asset reflation has had positive wealth effects. Moreover, many emerging-market countries are still growing robustly, maintain sound macroeconomic policies, and are starting to implement growth-enhancing structural reforms. And U.S. growth, currently exceeding potential output, can provide sufficient global lift -- at least for now.
But serious challenges lie ahead. Private and public debts in advanced economies are still high and rising -- and are potentially unsustainable, especially in the eurozone and Japan. Rising inequality is redistributing income to those with a high propensity to save (the rich and corporations), and is exacerbated by capital-intensive, labor-saving technological innovation.
This combination of high debt and rising inequality may be the source of the secular stagnation that is making structural reforms more politically difficult to implement. If anything, the rise of nationalistic, populist, and nativist parties in Europe, North America, and Asia is leading to a backlash against free trade and labor migration, which could further weaken global growth.
Rather than boosting credit to the real economy, unconventional monetary policies have mostly lifted the wealth of the very rich -- the main beneficiaries of asset reflation. But now reflation may be creating asset price bubbles, and the hope that macroprudential policies will prevent them from bursting is so far just that - a leap of faith.
Fortunately, rising geopolitical risks -- a Middle East on fire, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, Hong Kong's turmoil, and China's territorial disputes with its neighbors -- together with geo-economic threats from, say, Ebola and global climate change, have not yet led to financial contagion. Nonetheless, they are slowing down capital spending and consumption, given the option value of waiting during uncertain times.
So the global economy is flying on a single engine, the pilots must navigate menacing storm clouds and fights are breaking out among the passengers. If only there were emergency crews on the ground.
This piece also appears on Project Syndicate
© Project Syndicate, 2014
More:

Hero MotoCorp to enter European market next yearNEW DELHI, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 19:34 IST
Hero MotoCorp to enter European market next year
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu Hero MotoCorp vice-chairman, CEO and MD Pawan Munjal. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
automobile
In the first phase of its foray into Europe, Hero MotoCorp plans to launch products in Italy, Spain and France, followed by the U.K. and Germany.
Hero MotoCorp on Tuesday said it would enter the European market by the end of 2015, in line with the company’s effort to expand global footprint.
In the first phase of its foray into Europe, Hero MotoCorp plans to launch products in Italy, Spain and France, followed by the U.K. and Germany in the next phase of expansion.
The company will initially launch its hybrid scooter ‘Leap’ in these markets, and subsequently bring more models of its scooters and motorcycles, it said in a statement.
“Having already stamped our presence in Asia, Africa, Latin and Central America, we are now looking at stepping into the European market by the end of 2015 with our hybrid scooter Leap making its debut here,” company Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Pawan Munjal said.
While the company was looking for potential partners, it was also open to M&A opportunities to be able to make quick inroads into these markets, he added.
Hero MotoCorp has been on an aggressive expansion spree over the past three years. The company had announced an investment of $800 million recently for building capacity across the globe in the next few years. At present, it is present in over 20 countries.
The company plans to enter the U.S. and Brazilian market by 2016. By 2020, the company aims to be in over 50 countries with 20 assembly facilities globally.

Office space: Brenna Berman  City of ChicagoOffice space: Brenna Berman, City of Chicago
Office space: Brenna Berman, City of Chicago
Brenna Berman, CIO for the City of Chicago, on making office space "a real community project."
Brenna Berman, CIO for the City of Chicago, on making office space "a real community project."

Go Virat  it s your birthday!LATEST PHOTOS
Happy Birthday, Virat Kohli
India batsman Virat Kohli, born in Delhi on 5 November 1988, came into the limelight when he led the under-19 team to World Cup glory in 2008. He was also an important member of India's 2011 World Cup-winning squad. Kohli started out as a brash youngster, but is now one of the finest young batsmen in world cricket. [CYCSPL]
Prev Next
India's Virat Kohli laughs as he talks to his teammate during a training session ahead of their ICC Twenty20 Cricket World Cup match against Pakistan in Dhaka, Bangladesh, Thursday, March 20, 2014. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)
India's Virat Kohli laughs as he talks to his teammate during a training session ahead of their ICC Twenty20 Cricket World Cup match against Pakistan in Dhaka, Bangladesh, Thursday, March 20, 2014. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
9 hours ago
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Today on Yahoo

Apple issues 2.8bn in euro bondsApple issues €2.8bn in euro bonds
Andrew Bolger in London and Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/521d2654-6426-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech sector cannot define due processNovember 4, 2014 6:18 pm
Tech companies have no right to define due process on data
Philip Bobbitt
Issues over geeks and spies have become blurred since cold war days, writes Philip Bobbitt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7b37158-6436-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google glass blind spotsBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 4 Follow @arianaeunjung
Google Glass is a device which offers video recording, photographic and internet capabilities. (Angel Navarrete/Bloomberg)
It's been a rough few weeks for Google Glass, the wearable Internet-connected device that has become a fashion status symbol among the tech elite.
In late September, researchers published what they believe is first reported case of Google Glass addiction . Writing in the journal Addictive Behaviors, they detailed the experiences of a 31-year-old man who they said experienced "frustration and irritability" related to withdrawal from excessive use of Google Glass. They also said he suffered from "involuntary movements to the temple area and short-term memory problems" associated with the device. Then in October, the Motion Picture Association of America and the National Association of Theatre Owners jointly announced that they would ban movie goers from wearing Google Glass in theaters. Concerns about the use of Google Glass in public places have ranged from privacy to general unsociability but the main concern for the movie industry has been its ability to record video and sound.
Now there's more bad news. Researchers say they have found that the head-mounted device may partially obstruct peripheral vision. Writing in the Journal of the American Medical Association, University of California, San Francisco researcher Tsontcho Ianchulev and his colleagues described the outcome of visual field tests on three subjects with a head-mounted Google Glass device vs. regular eyewear. They found "significant" blind spots in the upper right quadrant.
Why is this important? Google Glass was imagined by many to be a device that you leave on for long periods of time and that could augment what you do in your daily life by providing you with instant access to e-mail and other information you may need. But if it obstructs someone's vision, it could interfere with daily functions, such as driving, walking, and sports -- posing a danger to both the wearers and those around them.
The study's authors emphasize that the study subjects may not be representative of all users. "Additional studies are needed to understand the effects of these devices on visual function, particularly as their use becomes increasingly common," they wrote.
Get a behind-the-lens look at Google Glass in action—from functions and drawbacks to implications moving forward. The Post's Hayley Tsukayama explains. (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post)
Read more:

India ranking to improve if states  best practices included: World BankGovt lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week
The World Bank, which recently ranked India 142nd in its ease of doing business list, said the ranking will improve by at least 50 notches if one includes the best practices followed at the state level.
“A few years back the World Bank did a sub-national ‘ease of doing business exercise,’ looking at how different states perform. What we found was that if all of the country’s best practices were put together, the ranking would increase by more than 50 places,” World Bank senior country economist Denis Medvedev said today.
“So, many of the solutions can be found right here in India,” he added, during an interaction on social networking site Facebook this evening.
The comments comes within days of the country’s position slipping further to 142 among 189 countries in the ease of doing business ranking, as against 134 last year.
The latest ranking, however, does not take into account the latest slew of measures taken by Modi government to make India a business friendly destination.
“There are two things to keep in mind. First, ‘ease of doing business’ is a ranking which means that performance is relative. So, even though the country’s actual score has improved, the scores of other countries improved even more. This means that one always has to keep an eye on competitors,” he said.
During the hour-long chat, Medvedev expressed optimism about the country reaping the demographic dividend in the next decade, when the population over the world starts to age.
“I certainly think India will reap the demographic dividend. India will be in a unique position 10 to 20 years down the line when the rest of the world will be well advanced in terms of aging and Indian labour force is young and better educated,” he said.
On the government’s recent moves to have an expenditure management commission, he said it will identify steps to improve fiscal performance.
To make growth more sustainable over a longer-term, the World Bank economist said the country has to focus on bottlenecks in the near-term such as business environment and lack of energy supplies, establish foundations for stronger long-term growth by managing urbanisation and building skills, and ensuring that growth is sustainable.
TAGS: India Ease Of Doing Business World Bank World Bank India Business Ranking
More from economy

FM Arun Jaitley signals wider economic reformsDoug Busvine and Rajesh Kumar Singh        Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 14:16 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
The government intends to open railways further to private investment, review tough land purchase rules and relax labour laws , Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday, but said the government needed to build support for some of the measures.
(Reuters)

Indian hostages in Mosul: Centre to send another diplomat to IraqNEW DELHI, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 23:22 IST
42 Indians detained by IS in Iraq safe, says Sushma
Pheroze L. Vincent
The Hindu External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj along with Food Processing Industries Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal addressing the media after meeting family members of Indian men who went missing in Iraq, in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
civil war
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj assured the families of 42 Indians detained by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in Iraq, that they were alive.
“Although our sources do not have any evidence to show, they are repeating that the men are alive. The information we have is from other sources. We have not established contact with them (Indians) yet but we have no reason to doubt the information that we have. They are being made to work and hence being cared for by their captors,” she said.
The Indians were detained by the ISIL around June 11, when Mosul fell to the insurgent group. The last their families heard from them on phone was on June 15.
Ms. Swaraj added that as per a request from the families, another official is being sent on Thursday to assist Indian Envoy in Erbil Suresh Reddy. “We will also ask other political parties if anyone is willing to help. The relatives are not putting any undue pressure but they have asked for proof that their boys are alive,” she told reporters after meeting the families here on Tuesday.
The families were accompanied by Union Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal and Shiromani Akali Dal leaders. “Our prime concern is to keep them safe,” Ms. Badal said.
Chandrabhan Tiwari, father of a captive from Siwan in Bihar, said that they were informed by Ms. Swaraj that their boys were being put to work in different factories by the ISIL. “She said that six sources have confirmed that our children are alive,” he told The Hindu.
A sister of one of the detainees, Gurpinder Kaur from Amritsar, confirmed that a man named Lucky Singh who worked there earlier has volunteered to go help the envoy. “The minister said that she would let us know if they would take him, after discussions in the ministry,” she told The Hindu.

http://usat.ly/1tYMn3YAlibaba IPO investors are now $11.8B richer
By: Matt Krantz November 4, 2014 2:31 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(Qilai Shen, European Pressphoto Agency)
Investors who snapped up Alibaba (BABA) stock in September’s IPO are counting their riches — all $11.8 billion of it.
Shares of the Chinese e-commerce stock are up 6% Tuesday to $104.94, capping a 54% gain from the initial offering price of $68 a share. Given the company sold 320.1 million shares, that means investors who bought those shares are up $11.8 billion.
The value of the entire company is up $91 billion to $258.7 billion. If Alibaba were a member of the Standard & Poor’s 500, it would rank ninth just behind Wells Fargo (WFC) .
The wealth generated by Alibaba is the largest among all IPOs this year. The second most lucrative IPO of 2014 is extreme video camera maker GoPro (GPRO) , which has created more than $1 billion for the investors who bought those shares in June.
Even investors who piled into Alibaba stock on the first-day close are making money. The stock closed at $93.89 on the first day of trading and has generated $3.5 billion in wealth on those shares.
IPOs THIS YEAR THAT HAVE GENERATED THE MOST WEALTH ON IPO SHARES FROM IPO PRICES
Company
$ gain on IPO shares ($ Mils)
Alibaba

Ashamed to say my children studied abroad: Kotak Mahindra Bank MD Uday Kotakbanker
(Noting that educational…)
NEW DELHI: Pitching for major reforms in the country's education system, noted banker Uday Kotak today said he is "ashamed" to say that his children had to go overseas to study as he felt those courses were better abroad.
Speaking during a session on education at the India Economic Summit here, Kotak said there are a large number of "schooled" people in the country, but not "educated".
"I am ashamed to say that both my children studied under-graduation courses overseas, because we felt it was better for them," said Kotak, who is Executive Chairman and Managing Director of Kotak Mahindra Bank .
Going by estimates, billions of dollars are spent every year to send Indian students overseas.
Noting that educational reforms should begin at the roots of civil society, Kotak said teaching profession has lost some of its respect.
"Education (system) has to be transformed... The future is bright," he said.
The summit is organised by the World Economic Forum (WEF) in partnership with industry body CII.
At the same session, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said that there is a need to rejuvenate the teaching profession and bring back the respect that this vocation once enjoyed.
She further said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiative to reach out to students on Teachers Day was a step in that direction and this initiative should help encourage more young people to turn to teaching as a career.
Kotak also highlighted the need to bring back the respect and dignity to the teaching profession in India.
He observed that previously, education policies focused on the creation of education hardware (school buildings etc).
He was of the view that there needs to be an equal emphasis on the creation of education software such as teachers, teaching tools and teaching methods.
Gary Coleman, Managing Director, Global Industries, Delloitte, USA said that India has a large workforce of 500 million and over 10 million people are being added to that workforce every year.
However, businesses were finding it very difficult to find adequately skilled manpower for their needs. This issue needs to be addressed urgently, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hindustan Zincs Akhilesh Joshi appointed International Zinc Association vice-chairmannon ferrous metal
Hindustan Zinc on said its CEO Akhilesh Joshi has been appointed as the vice-chairman of the Brussels-based International Zinc Association.
“A decision in this regard was taken by the Board of IZA in their Annual General Meeting on October 23, 2014. Joshi is the first Indian CEO to be appointed as Vice Chairman of IZA,” country’s largest zinc producing firm said in a statement.
Known for his wide expertise in the mining sector, Mr. Joshi has been one of the most influential sectoral strategists. He has also been awarded with National Mineral Award in 2006 by the Government of India.
IZA is a non-profit organisation established in 1990 in Brussels. It has been actively pursuing globally the image of Zinc from an industrial product to an essential element. IZA has also been instrumental in running a “Zinc Saves Kids” programme in association with UNICEF.
It has a strong regional presence in USA, Europe, Latin America, Asia including China, South Africa and Australia, through 11 offices and more than 250 member companies.
Andrew Michelmore, CEO of Melbourne-headquartered MMG is the chairman of IZA.

Intuit CEO on Leadership  Except at HomeThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Rupee closes at 61.41 against US dollarRupee closes at 61.41 against US dollar
Arvind Kejriwal indicates he will be AAP s CM candidatePrint
Arvind Kejriwal said that quitting govt after the 49-day rule was the 'biggest mistake' of his political career. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:27 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 5:39 pm
Gearing up for the assembly polls in a bid to recapture power, Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has said he will be the party’s “face” for the election campaign and indicated that he will be the chief ministerial nominee.
46-year-old Kejriwal, who led AAP to a stunning debut in the assembly polls in December last year, said there was no reason why there would be a change in chief ministerial nominee though a final decision on it would be taken by the party.
“There is no reason why there would be a change,” Kejriwal said, adding the party will take a final decision on the issue.
Instrumental in devising an unconventional campaign strategy for AAP during the last assembly polls, Kejriwal said he will be the face of the party’s campaign this time as well.
BJP has already announced that it will not project any chief ministerial candidate and will fight the polls under collective leadership. Congress also said it will not have any chief ministerial nominee.
Exuding confidence of AAP getting a clear mandate in the assembly polls, Kejriwal said result of a survey carried out one-and-half months ago showed that AAP will get 47 per cent vote-share against BJP’s 37 per cent if elections were held.
“People remember those 49 days. It was a kind of dream for people. That is why they will vote for us. We are confident of getting a clear majority,” Kejriwal told PTI in an interview.
He, however, said that quitting the government after the 49-day rule was the “biggest mistake” of his political career and admitted that his party made a wrong “political estimation” as it thought elections will be held immediately.
“Resigning was the biggest mistake. People had high hopes and their hopes were shattered. It is easy to analyse things in retrospect. We thought elections will be held immediately after our resignation,” he said.
AAP had made a dream debut in the assembly polls last year winning 28 seats riding on anti-corruption plank and promise to provide clean governance.

Rajnath Singh to arrive in Israel  security ties to get aboostPrint
Singh was scheduled to meet Israeli President Reuven Rivlin, Premier Netanyahu and Defence Minister Moshe Ya'alon.
By: Press Trust of India | Jerusalem | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:28 pm
India’s security ties with Israel, including cooperation in counter terrorism, are expected to receive a major fillip during Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s visit in Jerusalem.
Singh was scheduled to arrive in Jerusalem on Wednesday morning but had to reschedule his plans after his flight from Monaco was cancelled due to stormy weather. The minister was in Monaco to attend Interpol’s General Assembly.
Despite the unexpected change in plans, the Israeli government has gone out of the way to accommodate the Indian home minister and the Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s office was quick to reschedule his meeting with the premier on Thursday.
“India is a very important ally for us and we view the home minister’s visit as very significant. We are looking forward to fruitful discussions that will strengthen cooperation between the two countries”, a senior government source said.
Singh was scheduled to meet Israeli President Reuven Rivlin, Premier Netanyahu and Defence Minister Moshe Ya’alon on Wednesday in a rare gesture reserved for leaders from most friendly or strategic countries.
It will be the first visit of an Indian home minister to Israel since June, 2000 when L K Advani visited Jerusalem, marking an upsurge in bilateral cooperation.
The home minister’s visit comes close on the heels of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with Netanyahu on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York.
During that meeting, Netanyahu had said that “sky is the limit” in terms of prospects of cooperation between the two countries, seeking “greater and greater” ties with India.
Netanyahu was among the first global leaders to call Modi to congratulate him on his victory in the general election.
Singh will also be meeting Israel’s Minister of Public Security, Yitzhak Aharonovich, and National Security Adviser, Yossi Cohen, who would accompany him on a helicopter tour of bordering areas.
India and Israel have signed three agreements related to homeland security which covers important areas such as cooperation in preventing organised crime, human trafficking, cyber crimes,  money laundering, counter-terrorism and fight against spread of fake currency notes.
India and Israel will also render mutual legal assistance in criminal matters and have committed to the protection of classified material and information.
The joint steering committee on homeland security set up to coordinate and direct cooperation between the two sides met in September for its first deliberations.
Cohen last month met Singh, his Indian counterpart Ajit Doval, and senior diplomats at the Ministry of External Affairs in New Delhi to discuss “common challenges” faced by the two countries and their solutions, emphasising his country’s “willingness to expand cooperation in all fields and in any level”.
India is Israel’s largest purchaser of defence equipment and the Jewish state is the second largest supplier of arms and armaments to New Delhi, next only to Russia.
Singh will try to impress upon Israel Defence Industries to take advantage of the new policies to manufacture continued…

Man rams car into crowded train platform inJerusalemThe attack was almost identical to one two weeks ago, also committed by a Palestinian from east Jerusalem, that killed two people. (Source: AP photo/file)
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:12 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:18 pm
A Palestinian man rammed his car into a crowded train platform in east Jerusalem on Wednesday and then attacked people with an iron bar, killing one person and injuring 13 in what authorities called a terror attack before he was shot dead by the police.
It was the second such attack in the past two weeks, and deepened already heightened tensions between Arabs and Jews in the city. Earlier Wednesday, Israeli police had dispersed dozens of masked Palestinians who threw rocks and firecrackers near a contested holy site in Jerusalem’s Old City.
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish men gather around the body of 22-year-old Ecuadorian Karen Yemima Mosquera who died of wounds suffered in an attack last week by a Palestinian man who drove his car into a crowded Jerusalem train station. (Source: AP photo)
Police said the motorist slammed his car into the train platform in east Jerusalem first, backed out and proceeded to drive away, hitting several cars along the way. He then got out of the car and attacked a group of civilians and police officers on the side of the road with a metal bar before he was shot and killed.
Israeli police said “one person was killed and about a dozen people were injured in the terror attack.”
Police said the 38-year-old Palestinian identified as Ibrahim al-Akri had recently been released from prison after serving time for security offenses.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility by any Palestinian organization but the Islamic militant group Hamas welcomed the attack.
“We praise this heroic operation,” said Hamas official Fawzi Barhoum. “We call for more such … operations.”
Israel’s Minister of Public Security Yitzhak Ahronovich said civilians and police officers were among the wounded. He praised the police officer who neutralized the Palestinian attacker, saying that “a terrorist who attacks civilians deserves to be killed.”
The attack was almost identical to one two weeks ago, also committed by a Palestinian from east Jerusalem, that killed two people, a baby girl and a young woman from Ecuador, at a train platform near the scene of Wednesday’s attack.
Palestinian protesters and Israeli police have been clashing almost daily in east Jerusalem in recent months.
Israel captured east Jerusalem — with its sites sacred to Jews, Muslims and Christians — from Jordan in the 1967 war. Palestinians demand the territory for their future capital. The fate of the area is an emotional issue for Jews and Muslims and its future lies at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Wednesday’s car attack came shortly after clashes in the Old City, where Palestinians threw rocks and firecrackers at police to protest a planned visit to a key holy site by Israeli supporters of a continued…

CCI gets complaint against Flipkart  other e...Commerce and Industry Minister
(CCI has received a complaint…)
NEW DELHI: Fair trade regulator CCI has received a complaint against online retailers including home-grown giant Flipkart for alleged unfair business practices and will soon take a call on probing the matter.
The complaint has been received against these online trading entities weeks after an uproar over Flipkart's massive discount sale which had raised concerns of anti-competitive practices.
A senior official said that the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has received a complaint against online trading companies, including Flipkart, and a decision would be taken soon on whether the matter should be probed further.
The government had also said last month that it will look into the concerns and take a call on whether more clarity is required on e-commerce retail business, after concerns were raised about sale exercises undetaken by Flipkart and others.
Flipkart's 'Big Billion Day' sale on October 6, that offered steep discounts on various products, had raised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
"We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said at that time.
In recent times, many e-commerce portals have been coming out with steep discount sales.
Flipkart had said that its 'Big Bilion Day' sale saw 1.5 million people shopping at its portal. It also claimed that products worth over Rs 600 crore were sold in just 10 hours under the scheme.
Among others, traders body CAIT had demanded the Commerce and Industry Ministry take steps to monitor and regulate online businesses.
The Confederation of All India Traders had also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts during the ongoing festive season.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Have cut supplies to Guj units on OilMin ord...You are here: Home > Collections
GAIL says has cut gas supplies to Gujarat units on Oil Ministry order
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 06.31PM IST
Tags:
APM
(GAIL said the changes had…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned gas utility GAIL India Ltd today said it slashed gas supplies to small industries in Gujarat on Oil Ministry orders.
Small industries in South Gujarat, which were forced to shut few lines in their plants following GAIL cutting supplies of administered price or APM gas, have accused the state-owned firm of arbitrariness and selective targeting as supplies to similar units in other states have not been touched.
They said GAIL was to pro-rata cut gas of non-priority sectors like steel and refineries to meet city gas requirement but ended up snapping nearly 60 per cent supply to small units, which as per a June 2005 order of oil ministry, were clubbed with priority users in power and fertiliser for fuel supplies. No subsequent order has defined non-priority users.
GAIL in a statement countered the allegation, saying allocation of APM gas supplies was done as per the guidelines of the Ministry.
"In the guidelines, the Government has accorded top priority to City Gas Distribution entities for use of natural gas in domestic households ( PNG ) and transport sector (CNG) in the larger interest of the common man," it said.
The company, however, did not respond to claims that small industries were included in priority sector along with power and fertilizer and no subsequent order has changed that. Also, the ministry guidelines do not define non-priority industries.
"It is being clarified that allegations made by a section of people on cut in APM gas supplies are not true and there has not been any arbitrary or selective reduction in allocations to small industrial customers in South Gujarat," GAIL said.
The company said emphasis is being given to protect the interest of small customers (those presently having allocation of domestic gas up to 50,000 standard cubic meters per day).
"Under these guidelines, present level of supply up to a maximum of 5,000 scmd is reserved for small customers and kept out from the purview of the pro-rata cut. This allays any concerns of the small customers, including glass units in South Gujarat," it said.
GAIL said the changes had also impacted gas supplies to its own petrochemical plant, which is undergoing a cut of up to 88 per cent.
"All the customers impacted by the changes in APM gas allocation were informed in advance and offered alternate gas so that their operations are not hampered suddenly," it said.
GAIL said based on the Ministry directive, supplies of APM gas to non-priority sector customers have been curtailed by 3-4 million standard cubic meters per day. For South Gujarat customers, this is to the tune of 0.3-0.4 mmscmd.
The reallocation of this natural gas to CGD entities for South Gujarat alone will enable cooking gas (PNG) supply to more than 6 lakh households.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GSMA wants auction in 2100 MHz band tooYou are here: Home > Collections > Mhz
GSMA cautions government, wants auction in 2100 MHz band too
Muntazir Abbas, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 06.11PM IST
Tags:
Assocham
(The GSM lobby group said…)
NEW DELHI: The GSM Association (GSMA) that represents the GSM operators worldwide wants the Indian government to allow bids for the airwaves in the 2100 MHz band, used for 3G, together with the upcoming 900 MHz and 1800 MHz auction tentatively scheduled for February 2015, and cautioned that the process needs to be managed carefully.
There should be more quantum of spectrum available for incumbent players and airwaves in the 2100 Mhz band should also be auctioned. "The process needs to be managed carefully if investment is to continue and disruption to services be avoided," GSMA India head Sandeep Karanwal told ET.
The GSM lobby group said that 3G airwaves would allow fallback option to service operators and that it would help them to cater to rising data demand. Otherwise, it might impact telcos business and services adversely.
Telecom watchdog Trai has recently said that the vacant 3G slots should be made available for commercial purposes and put to auction along with spectrum in 900 MHz and 1800 MHz bands, adding that the matter was of "utmost importance" and suggested defence be given spectrum in 1,900 MHz band.
Reiterating the views of industry bodies such as COAI and commerce lobby Assocham , and Bharti-Airtel chief Sunil Mittal , GSMA said that they want government to free-up spectrum from defence department and BSNL, and "ample amount of spectrum" be allowed before it initiates bidding process.
"The upcoming auction would pose a very serious problem for incumbent licensees, and their failure of the existing operators to retain their current spectrum would not only jeopardize their businesses, but threaten the continuity of the vital mobile services in the country," Karanwal said.
The GSM lobby group believes that the government should accelerate the migration of non-mobile users from the 2100MHz band, in particular the defense industry, so the spectrum can be made fully available for 3G mobile communications in line with international standards.
"Additional spectrum to mobile operators in the 2100 MHz band is critical to cater to the rising data demand and support mobile broadband growth in India," said GSMA spectrum policy and regulatory affairs manager Nitin Sapra , adding that it would ensure consumers to fully enjoy the benefits that 3G mobile services.
Sapra said that they fully support TRAI recommendations that the next round of auction should only be conducted once there is sufficient spectrum available for mobile in all key bands— 800MHz, 900MHz, 1800MHz and 2100MHz.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asaram followers to contest Delhi Assembly pollsUpdated: November 5, 2014 19:06 IST
Asaram followers to contest Delhi Assembly polls
PTI
Tweet
PTI Self-styled Godman Asaram Babu. (File photo).
PTI This February 13, 2014 file photo shows Asaram Bapu, jailed on the charge of sexually assaulting a minor, being produced at the Session Court in Jodhpur.
PTI Self-styled godman Asaram Bapu's son Narayan Sai. (File photo).
TOPICS
imprisonment
The Ojaswi Party, floated by Asaram’s son Narayan Sai who is also in jail, has decided to contest all the 70 seats.
Followers of self-styled godman Asaram Bapu, lodged in jail on charges of sexual assault on a teenage girl, have decided to enter the electoral fray in the upcoming Delhi assembly elections.
The Ojaswi Party, floated by Asaram’s son Narayan Sai, who too is in jail on rape charges, will be fighting the upcoming Delhi assembly elections, national president of the outfit Swami Omji told reporters here today.
The decision to contest the assembly elections has been taken after a brief meeting of the party leaders with Asaram in jail, party’s National Political Advisor Mukesh Jain said.
“We met (Asaram) Bapu in jail on Tuesday and only after his signal, we have decided to enter the political fray,” Jain said.
Asaram has been lodged in Jodhpur Central Jail since he was arrested last year on charges of sexually assaulting a teenage girl in his ashram.
“Our party will field candidates in all the 70 seats in Delhi,” Swami Omji said, “Even if we fail to obtain majority, we would be in such a significant number that without our support, no government would be possible in Delhi.”
Jain said the Ojaswi Party might also contest the November—December assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand.
Claiming that the arrest of Asaram was part of a political conspiracy, Jain said they would appeal to the government to revoke the charges against Asaram.

Revival in sight for India s real estateHi Guest
Revival in sight for India's real estate
The outlook for the real-estate sector seems slowly changing.   Image: Real estate market has slowed down in India. Photograph: Parivartan Sharma/Reuters  The residential demand in Bengaluru and Chennai has risen due to commercial activity and information technology (IT) professionals arriving. The National Capital Region (NCR), Mumbai and Kolkata have seen slowdown.   Samantak Das, the chief economist and director of research at KnightFrank, said, "Southern markets, ...

PM chairs high-level meeting to review connectivity-related infrastructure sectorsPM chairs high-level meeting to review connectivity-related infrastructure sectors
17 Indian cos invited to join league of  Global Growth Cos17 Indian cos invited to join league of  Global Growth Cos
Piramal Enterprises to invest $2 bn in real estate projectsPiramal Enterprises to invest $2 bn in real estate projects
German activity growth slows & sentiment drops to 22-month lowGerman activity growth slows & sentiment drops to 22-month low
Shoppers Stop Q2 net jumps to Rs 16 croreShoppers Stop Q2 net jumps to Rs 16 crore
No fee  pay what you want  remittance service launchedNo fee  pay what you want  remittance service launched
Gold plunges over 2% on large scale pull outGold plunges over 2% on large scale pull out
Milestone Capital plans to raise Rs 500 cr for real estate fundMilestone Capital plans to raise Rs 500 cr for real estate fund
Our Bureau
To invest in mid-sized residential projects in metros 
Ahmedabad, Nov 5:  
Real estate private equity player, Milestone Capital Advisors plans to raise Rs 500 crore from investors to fund real estate projects in five markets including Mumbai, NCR, Bangalore, Pune and Chennai.
 
Initially, the company plans to raise Rs 200 crore, while the remaining fund will be closed in the next six months. Company looks to attract investors from Gujarat to raise the funds.
 
The Rs 500-crore structured debt fund Milestone Opportunities Fund 10, will invest in mid-sized residential apartment projects in five key markets, Mumbai, National Capital Region, Bangalore, Pune and Chennai.
 
Commenting on the prospects for the fund, Rubi Arya, Vice-Chairman & Director, Milestone Capital Advisors Limited said, “Factors like location, developer credibility and pricing will be the key to take a call on investment in any project in these markets. We will have HNIs and institutional investors including public sector banks, corporate for our fund.”
 
The fund aims to generate return (IRR) upwards of 22-24 per cent through a combination of structured debt and equity.
 
“The Milestone Opportunities Fund 10 will offer its investors the unique opportunity of diversifying his portfolio into strategically identified residential developments across fast growing micro-markets in top metro cities,” said Arya. The Mumbai-based PE fund house manages eight private equity funds, including India's first REIT (real estate investment trust) like structures as well as bullion products apart from portfolio management systems.
 
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

India to develop Iran s Chabahar port in 18 monthsIndia to develop Iran's Chabahar port in 18 months
PTI
Chabahar port in Iran
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
India plans to develop Iran’s Chabahar Port in about 18 months and use it for import commodities like urea.
“We are setting up a port in Chabahar, Iran... We will complete the port in about one-and-a-half years,” Road Transport and Shipping Minister, Nitin Gadkari said here today.
The port will be used to ship crude oil and urea, saving the country in transportation cost.
“...if we produce urea there then we can get urea at 50 per cent lesser cost and would not need to provide subsidy on it,” he said.
The port of Chabahar in southeast Iran is central to India’s efforts to open up a route to landlocked Afghanistan circumventing Pakistan.
An agreement for development of the port is likely to be signed shortly and India intends to lease two berths at Chabahar for 10 years.
The port will be developed through a special purpose vehicle (SPV) which will invest $85.21 million year to convert the berths into a container terminal and a multi-purpose cargo terminal.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Jet Airways launches KochiDubai direct flight serviceJet Airways launches Kochi—Dubai direct flight service
PTI
Kochi, Nov 5:  
Expanding its connectivity to the Gulf, Jet Airways today launched direct flight service from Kochi to Dubai.
This the first direct flight of Jet Airways from Kerala to that region and will complement such flights from other parts of the country to Abu Dhabi, Dammam, Doha, Kuwait, Muscat and Sharjah, among others.
Dubai is linked with five flights from Mumbai, one from Mangalore and two with Delhi, making it the largest operator between India and Dubai.
Jet Airways flight 9W 528 will take off from Kochi International Airport at 0830 hrs (local time) and will arrive in Dubai at 1140 hrs (local time). The return flight 9W 527 will depart from Dubai International Airport at 1240 hrs (local time) to arrive at Kochi at 1800 hrs (local time).
With these new enhanced flights, Jet Airways will achieve the landmark milestone of becoming India’s first private airline to operate over 50 daily flights to multiple destinations in the Gulf.
The new flight on the high demand route will cater not only to the growing number of Indian expatriates but also boost tourism and trade between the two cities, promoting traffic to and from India, Jet Airways Vice -President, Sales, Rajeev R Nambiar told reporters here.
The airline will deploy its next generation Boeing 737—800 aircraft, offering twin class configuration of Premiere and Economy class.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Bharat Electronicsbags SCOPEs HR awardHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Bharat Electronics bags SCOPE’s HR award
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Nov. 5:  
Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL) has bagged on the Standing Conference of Public Enterprises (SCOPE) meritorious award (Gold Trophy) for best practices in human resource management for the year 2012-13.
The award was conferred on BEL in recognition of the innovative HR Practices implemented by the company.
S K Sharma, Chairman and Managing Director, BEL; and M L Shanmukh, Director (HR), BEL; received the award from the President Pranab Mukherjee at New Delhi.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Billionaires Have Doubled Since the Financial Crisisbillionaires have doubled since the financial crisis
Petition Demands Consumers Get Back Their Right To Sue( Colin )
Since 2011, when the U.S. Supreme Court affirmed that it was perfectly okay for companies to take away a consumer’s right to sue — and their ability to join other wronged consumers in a class action — by inserting a paragraph or two of text deep in lengthy, unchangeable contracts, the rush has been on for almost every major retailer, wireless provider, cable company, and financial institution to slap these mandatory binding arbitration clauses into their customer agreements. Now one petition is gathering signatures , calling on the nation’s largest banks to put an end to the practice.
For those not familiar with binding arbitration, it works like this: You’re wronged by a company; not just a customer service dispute, but a complaint where you have an actual legal dispute.
But you can’t sue, because 13 pages into a 23-page customer agreement (that you have no ability to change) there is a clause that says you and the company agree that all legal disputes will be handled, not in a court, but through an arbitration process, often with very strict limits on damages.
The companies claim this is all for everyone’s benefit, because arbitration moves much faster than going through the court system. It is, by its proponents’ own admission , biased in favor of the companies, which have lawyers on retainer and deep pockets against the consumers who frequently have no knowledge of the complicated process or the means to hire someone who does.
And since the damages are so low and the odds so stacked in the companies’ favor, few lawyers are willing to take on even the most legitimate dispute.
This problem is even more pronounced when the legal dispute involves a large group of customers who were all negatively affected in the same way.
Your credit card company has been overbilling a few million customers? Once upon a time, you could band together and sue as a class. But with around 95% of credit cardholders now bound by arbitration clauses, it’s more likely that each person would need to go through arbitration on his/her own.
Only a fraction of affected people will even attempt arbitration, and the company faces minimal damages, even if it was a massive cock-up.
In fact, in 2013 the Supreme Court effectively told companies they can get away with violating federal law , so long as it would cost too much money for a wronged consumer to prove the wrongdoing in arbitration.
In that case, a group of restaurants wanted to sue American Express for allegedly violating antitrust law by forcing businesses that accept AmEx charge cards to also accept the company’s credit and debit cards, for which the merchants say they pay higher rates than they do on competing credit cards and debit cards.
But AmEx uses forced arbitration clauses to keep customers — even its commercial customers — from suing as a class. Further, the cost of actually proving the antitrust case against the card company would have been significantly more than any individual business (A) could afford and (B) would ever receive in damages through arbitration.
Writing for the dissenting members of the Supreme Court, Justice Elena Kagan said that her peers had basically just told Americans with valid legal complaints, “Too darn bad,” and that they had just given companies the tools to thwart federal antitrust law.
This is why the folks at Public Citizen have drafted a petition — which already has nearly 20,000 signatures — asking JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, US Bancorp and PNC Financial to remove arbitration clauses from their user agreements.
“Forced arbitration functions as a license to steal that makes it impossible for customers to hold you accountable in court if you break the law,” reads the petition. “Honor our rights and stop using forced arbitration.”
While we support the petition and believe that arbitration clauses need to be removed, the Supreme Court’s repeated blessing of the practice means that the only way it’s going to end is with Congress passing legislation declaring these clauses unconscionable, or at least outlining ways in which consumers can still seek legal action against companies that break the law.
Tell a friend:

Publicis to buy Sapient for $3.7blnPublicis to buy Sapient for $3.7B
Publicis to buy Sapient for $3.7B
Publicis featuring in our Market Mover slot this morning The world's number 3 ad agency will buy digital ad specialist Sapient for 3.7 billion dollars cash.
Publicis featuring in our Market Mover slot this morning The world's number 3 ad agency will buy digital ad specialist Sapient for 3.7 billion dollars cash.

Sean Rad Is Reportedly Getting Replaced As Tinder CEOreddit
Sean Rad, cofounder and CEO of dating app Tinder, is reportedly getting demoted .
Internet company IAC, which owns a majority stake in Tinder, has decided to replace 28-year-old Rad as CEO, Forbes reported on Tuesday, though it has invited him to stick around to "focus on product."
Forbes suggested the demotion is connected to a lawsuit filed earlier this year by Tinder's former vice president of marketing, Whitney Wolfe, against Tinder and IAC. The suit accused Tinder's former chief marketing officer, Justin Mateen, a close confidante of Rad's, of sexual harassment and discrimination.
“If the Whitney thing didn’t happen it would be difficult for IAC to demote Sean, because they’d have a lot to answer for,” an insider told Forbes. “But the lawsuit gave them an out.”
In her lawsuit, Wolfe claimed Mateen, her ex-boyfriend, called her a "whore" and a "little girl" in front of other employees. Mateen resigned from Tinder last September. Wolfe got about $1 million to settle the suit, a source told Forbes.
Neither Tinder nor IAC immediately responded to The Huffington Post's requests for comment.
Rad told Forbes that Tinder is "looking for an Eric Schmidt-like person,” to take over as CEO, referring to Google's executive chairman. After Mateen's resignation and Wolfe's lawsuit, Tinder is likely looking for a more professional, older and experienced CEO to run the company. Google hired Schmidt (an older, more serious businessman) as its CEO to replace co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 2001.
More:

Midterm Elections LiveRepublicans Projected To Seize Control Of The Senate: 2014 Midterm Elections Results Live
Nov 4, 2014, 9:44 AM ET
Voters voting in polling place
Getty Images
Share
Copy
It’s Election Day 2014 ! Voters across the nation headed to their polling places to cast ballots on Tuesday, and based on an analysis of exit polls, ABC News has projected Republicans will gain control of the Senate.
ABC News has also projected Republican Senator Mitch McConnell will win his Kentucky Senate seat tonight, putting him one step closer to becoming the next Senate Majority Leader. The 72-year-old senator beat Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes , Kentucky’s Secretary of State, in one of the country’s most closely watched races. In a stunning blow to Democrats, ABC News has also projected Rep. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., will win the Arkansas Senate race. Cotton unseated two-term Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor.
Republicans on Tuesday also strengthened their majority control of the House of Representatives and also made a strong showing in gubernatorial race around the country. GOP candidates in Maryland, Arkansas, Illinois and Massachusetts all took control of governor's seats that were previously held by Democrats. The only upset Democrats were able to pull off was in Pennsylvania.

Midterm Election ResultsA State-by-State Look at Why the GOP Is Cautiously Optimistic About Election Day 2014
After voting in West Chester, Ohio, this morning, Boehner told reporters he feels good about the GOP's chances to not only add to his majority, but also pick up the Senate majority.
"We've listened to the American people," Boehner said. "We've kept our focus on the economy and jobs non-stop. I think the voters in America today are going to send a very clear message to the president and Democrats in Washington that the American people want us to focus on their priorities, not Washington's priorities."
Although some conservative candidates have been reluctant to publicly declare whether they would vote to elect Boehner as House speaker, his hold on the leadership post should grow today after spending the past three months campaigning across the country, winning over the favor of many grateful Republicans.
Even a modest electoral wave today could hand Republicans their largest House majority in decades. Republicans have set a goal of 245, exceeding the 242 seats they held after the Tea Party Wave of 2010. A net gain of 11 seats is an outcome even senior Democratic strategists admit is highly likely.
Republicans in the 80th Congress held 246 seats during President Harry Truman's administration, but if the GOP can pick up 13 or more seats, President Obama will face the largest class of House Republicans since the 71st Congress was sworn in January 1929, when the GOP had 270 seats, during the Hoover administration.
ABC News will be keeping track of the balance of power in the House of Representatives and the results of key Congressional races throughout the evening. Check back for updates.

Andrew Toth / Getty Imagesandrew toth / getty images
Remembering the Iraq Wars bloodiest battle  10 years laterBy Dan Lamothe November 4 Follow @danlamothe
Lance Cpl. Christopher Adlesperger and his squad burst into a house in the Iraqi city of Fallujah 10 years ago this month, and immediately came under a hail of machine-gun fire. The first Marine into the building, Lance Cpl. Erick Hodges, was killed immediately, and two other men were wounded. Adlesperger fought on , killing multiple insurgents with his M-16 rifle after he had been wounded by a hand grenade while attempting to make sure fellow injured troops received medical treatment.
Adlesperger’s bravery in the Nov. 10, 2004, firefight earned him the Navy Cross, the U.S. military’s second-highest award for valor in combat. He received it posthumously, however: He was killed in Fallujah on Dec. 9, 2004, as his unit was clearing another house in the city. He was 20 years old.
Adlesperger’s story illustrates the fierce combat that U.S. troops saw during the Second Battle of Fallujah, also known as Operation Al Fajr and Operation Phantom Fury. The battle spanned Nov. 7 to Dec. 24 in 2004, and is considered the bloodiest of the Iraq War.
On Friday, hundreds of veterans from the battle will gather at 10 a.m. at Camp Pendleton, Calif., to remember those killed in the battle and the sacrifice by those involved. The ceremony will be hosted by 1st Marine Division, which provided the majority of the forces involved.
“There are so many great stories from our accounts going building to building,” said Maj. Gen. Lawrence D. Nicholson, the division’s current commander. “Going building to building is so tough on infantry. Squads were going one block at a time, over and over, and just clearing these buildings.”
Marines with 1st Battalion, 8th Marines, keep a lookout for insurgents on Nov. 11, 2004, from the upper level of a building before moving forward on patrol through the streets of Fallujah during Operation Al Fajr. (Photo by Staff Sgt. Jonathan Knauth/Marine Corps)
Eighty-two of the estimated 12,000 U.S. troops who took part in the battle were killed, and another 600 were wounded. Six Iraqi troops also were killed, and 52 more were wounded. U.S. military officials estimate that about 2,000 insurgents were killed, and another 1,200 captured. Some 3,500 to 4,000 enemy fighters were in the city when the fighting began, Nicholson said.
The event on Friday will include retired Lt. Gen. Richard Natonski, the top U.S. general in the battle, and most of the regimental and battalion commanders. From private to general, all those who were involved are invited to attend; the event is open to others as well. Through a Marine spokesman, Natonski declined to comment ahead of the ceremony.
Marines with 1st Battalion, 3rd Marines, search surrounding houses for possible enemies in Fallujah on Nov. 13, 2004, during Operation Al Fajr. (Photo by Marine Corps)
The city of Fallujah was eventually turned over to the Iraqi government. It fell to Islamic State militants this January, as they swept across western Iraq. Nicholson said veterans of Phantom Fury have their own opinions about that, but are focusing the event this week on the sacrifices and heroism of those involved in 2004.
“I want to focus this on the warriors and the sacrifices that they made,” the general said. “I think the theme of this, really, is ‘We did our job, and we did it damn well.’ ”
Below are additional photographs from the battle:
Two M1A1 Abrams tanks fire their main guns at a suspected insurgent stronghold on Nov. 26, 2004, in Fallujah during Operation Al Fajr. (Photo by Staff Sgt. Jonathan C. Knauth/Marine Corps)
U.S. Navy chaplain Lt. Kenny Lee prays with a Marine with 1st Battalion, 3rd Marines, during Operation Al Fajr on Nov. 29, 2004, in Fallujah. (Photo by Sgt. Clinton Firstbrook/Marine Corps)
An M1A1 Abrams tank fires into a building that Marines received fire from during the battle in Fallujah on Dec. 10, 2004. (Photograph by Lance Corporal James J. Vooris/Marine Corps)
U.S. soldiers maneuver along a wall in Fallujah on Nov. 9, 2004. (Photo by Sgt. 1st Class Johancharles Van Boers/U.S. Army)
Iraqi Special Forces soldiers working with members of 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, patrol through Fallujah on Nov. 15, 2004, while clearing houses during Operation Al Fajr. (Photo by Lance Cpl. James J. Vooris/Marine Corps)
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Hexaware Jumps 8% After EarningsYou are here: Home Market
Hexaware Jumps 8%  After Earnings
NDTV | Updated On: November 05, 2014 11:10 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Shares in Hexaware Technologies jumped over 8 per cent to a day high of Rs 212.8 on Wednesday as it earnings for the July-September quarter were better than Street estimates.
The company reported over 12 per cent sequential jump in its net profit to Rs 86 crore, while its revenue grew 10 per cent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 671 crore.
Dollar revenue of the company grew 7.9 per cent sequentially to $110 million dollar in the quarter. The company had reported a dollar revenue growth of 6.3 per cent in the previous quarter. For IT services exporters dollar revenue growth is mostly tracked by analysts as most international clients are billed in dollar.
Profitability of the company also improved in the quarter as its EBIT margin (operating margin) grew 150 basis points sequentially to 16.4 per cent in the Q3.
The company also reported a lower attrition rate of 13 per cent in the July-September quarter. Its larger rival Infosys had reported an attrition rate of 20.1 per cent in the same quarter.
Hexaware also announced an interim dividend of Rs 2.35 per share having face value of Rs 2.
As of 9.58 a.m. shares in Hexaware Technologies traded 6.53 per cent higher at Rs 209.7 apiece outperforming the broader Nifty which was up 0.4 per cent.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 11:10 (IST)

http://usat.ly/1zumJHUFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring?
It was easy, back in the. You worked 30 years, get a watch and a pension. And  Well that's how our parents did it. Well, it's not your father's retirement any more. You're more likely to
Post to Facebook
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring? It was easy, back in the. You worked 30 years, get a watch and a pension. And  Well that's how our parents did it. Well, it's not your father's retirement any more. You're more likely to Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tXqD8x
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
80
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Should you pay off your mortgage when retiring?
Rodney Brooks , USA TODAY 8:27 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Paying off your mortgage by the time your retire is a goal many pre-retirees have.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
461 CONNECT 267 TWEET 352 LINKEDIN 80 COMMENTEMAILMORE
It was different back in the day. You worked 30 years, got a watch and a pension. Your health care was probably provided by your company's retiree insurance plan, or even your union.
And a highlight of retirement was the ceremonial burning of the mortgage as mom and dad began retirement debt-free.
That's how our parents did it. But there's no chance we'll see anything like that. As they say, it's not your father's retirement anymore.
Today, your pension has likely been replaced by a company-sponsored 401(k) plan that, mostly, you fund yourself. Few companies offer health insurance for retirees anymore, and those who still do are eliminating or scaling back.
Top retirement financial concern: Health care bills
And your mortgage? Increasingly Americans are going into retirement with big debt, especially mortgage debt.
"More people are carrying mortgages into retirement," says Katherine Dean, senior vice president of wealth planning at Wells Fargo Private Bank.
According to a new report, Baby Boomers & Their Homes: On Their Own Terms – released last week by The Demand Institute, a think tank jointly operated by The Conference Board and Nielsen, Baby Boomers are carrying much more mortgage debt than earlier generations at this life stage.
And 40% were planning major home improvement projects over the next year, which would increase that debt.
Other findings of the survey of more than 4,000 Boomer households (ages 50-69):
• For Boomer movers, the common wisdom says to downsize. But most are actually looking for nicer homes and more space, not less. In fact, 45% of movers will upsize, and 56% of those who plan to move will take out a new mortgage.
• Meanwhile, most Boomers who currently own their own houses still owe money on those homes. The median outstanding mortgage balance for a 50- to 69- year-old household has grown 142% since 1992.
So, the big question for those looking at retirement: Should you pay off your mortgage when you retire?
And the answer is: It depends.
"There is no yes or no answer. It depends on the individual situation," says Dean. "The reason we see more people carrying mortgages into retirement is not by choice. It's their inability to pay if  off, and under-saving for retirement."
"It depends on the individual situation," says Dean. "There's a lot of reason to continue to take a mortgage into your retirement years if you benefit from the tax rates and you have enough income. You wouldn't necessarily be in a hurry to pay that off, especially if you have a low interest rate."
Jeff Warnkin financial adviser at, JL Smith Group in Avon, Ohio, says even though there is no yes or no or right or wrong answer, he prefers clients to pay off their mortgage.
"I'm in favor of paying off the mortgage, as long as it doesn't come at the expense of funding your 401(k), Roth IRA and things of that nature," he says.
Still, he says,  It is not a stand-alone decision. It should be part of a larger plan. "Ideally, I'd like to see the last payment coincide with the date you retire. A fair number, 50% of our retirees, achieve that. But, as life unfolds, sometimes people have to take a home equity line, or help a child with a down payment on a house, medical issues, and sometimes they arrive at or near retirement with a mortgage."
5 questions with 84-year-old financial planner
The planners agree that you should not take money from your retirement account to pay off a mortgage. Dean notes that you have to pay taxes on money you take out of your retirement account to pay off your mortgage. "If you have taxable accounts and have these funds sitting here, and you don't want to carry it, pay it off. But it's a better decision to use a taxable account."
What's the best way to pay off a mortgage in retirement? Pre-retirees have two choices. The best way to have a mortgage at zero on day one of retirement is to prepay the mortgage, says Warnkin. "The second method would be to make one half of your monthly mortgage payment every two weeks. It not only reduces your interest, but over a 12-month period, you end up making 13 payments instead of 12."
.
(Photo: George Petras/USA TODAY)
Emily Sanders, managing director at United Capital in Atlanta, looks at a mortgage in terms of how many years before it's paid off, as well as the interest rate. "Many folks in America have refinanced  mortgages when interest rates have been low. It's the higher interest rate mortgage, higher than 5%, that would be more of an impetus to see about getting it paid off."
"In general, if client has the liquidity to pay off the mortgage — a lump sum from their job, retirement funds that are available but not heavily taxed — we would encourage them that to pay off a mortgage to enter retirement as close to debt free as possible," Sanders says.
Sanders says another wrinkle has to do with tax deductibility. Sometimes a client believes the mortgage interest is tax deductible, and when she drills down, she finds that it is not fully deductible for some high-earning clients. "They are not getting as much of a deduction on mortgage interest as they thought."
6 networking tips for retirees
"It's a very complex question. It depends on the taxpayer's circumstance — how large the mortgage is and how high the interest rate is," Sanders says. "If there are only a few years left and a low interest rate, it might be fine to just let it mature. We typically advise clients that you don't want to be paying a mortgage when you're 90 years old. It might make sense to refinance from 30-year to 15-year if they can't pay it off right now. In that case we advise clients to refinance before they retire. Some banks don't look too favorably on retirees' mortgage applications."
John Gajkowski, co-founder of Money Managers Financial Group in Chicago, said when he sits down with clients to discuss the mortgage, there is a financial aspect and an emotional element. "If they can afford to continue to pay the mortgage financially, it makes sense because it gives them greater control of their money. The house keeps appreciating. And they still have control of their money. They have two assets working for them, as opposed to having all the money in the house.
"Some people, even though they can afford to pay a mortgage, emotionally they want to get out from underneath  it," Gajkowski says. "They want to be free and clear. We have to figure out what is more important, emotional or financial."
"A lot of people had that in your head what, that's what you do," says Dean. "You pay off your mortgage when you retire. And they get uncomfortable if they don't achieve that goal. If you can get past that, there are benefits from a tax perspective. It depends on the  individual."
Video Keywords retirement planning retirement strategy automated tools balanced growth payroll deduction retirement plan
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains why a 20 minute financial planning session benefits you. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  -- -- Often the higher the stakes and the greater
00:07  the degree of importance to us. The more people need something
00:10  with resistance it's the stuff Democrats in session is made up
00:14  whether or work out or -- financial planning session twenty minutes
00:17  can make a real difference. Most financial planners say retired households
00:21  spend about 80%. Of what working households do. Why one reason
00:25  is the assumption that you won't be driving to work or
00:27  need that -- portrait. But overall that's not a big drop
00:30  off and the cash to fund later years have to compete
00:33  somewhere. Bottom line winging it is just too risky here's the
00:37  good news in as little as twenty minutes you could make
00:39  some significant strides. According to the financial experts we spoke with.
00:44  Here's their advice step number one conduct a quick reality check
00:49  start finding a free calculator on -- There are lots of
00:52  terrific ones and plugging in various data points as one of
00:55  the quickest ways to gauge where things stand. Source include most
00:59  major banking sites along with fidelity AARP TI AEA craft vanguard
01:04  and Schwab. You don't have to be an existing customers --
01:07  many of the tools provided by the site. Number two --
01:11  with the numbers. Let's put some real mapped against retirement scenarios.
01:15  For instance if you happen 30000 dollars in the workplace retirement
01:19  plan as a today. And -- adding 250 dollars on a
01:23  monthly basis often based on an automatic payroll deduction happens automatically.
01:28  If you weren't 6% on that money they're reasonable assumption for
01:31  investing in many retirement plan options and and the power of
01:35  compound interest kicks it. After twenty years your portfolio total would
01:40  grow to about 2101000. Dollars. If you increase your contribution by
01:45  100 dollars a month it could field an extra 46%. Compound
01:51  interest makes your balanced growth faster and it's one of the
01:54  single most important components of retirement strategy. And more time the
01:58  money has to work and the higher the number it's working
02:01  went the more you benefit which is why an early start
02:04  and contributing as much as you can so he. Playing around
02:07  with the calculators really demonstrates the impact. Number three set goals
02:12  and make -- personalized plan that's highly specific got two minutes
02:16  here. The first schedule an appointment with an advisor it's important
02:20  to know how they're going to be compensated in the there's
02:22  often no fee for the initial consultation. The more you know
02:26  about retirement planning the more strategic -- can be it can
02:29  also log on as they gassed. On some of the major
02:32  web site and use their automated tools beyond the calculators to
02:36  generate customized action plan. Just follow the prompts the last few
02:40  series of questions income agents at track and you'll get a
02:43  readout of where you are. -- where you like to be
02:46  would suggest adjustments to make I did it just this week
02:49  was compelled to make several changes for USA today which analysts.

Sesa Sterlite  NMDC Fall as Iron Ore Prices Hit Multi-Year LowGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Shares in metals and mining firm Sesa Sterlite fell 2.8 per cent on weak iron ore prices. State-run miner NMDC Ltd also fell 1.8 per cent.
Iron ore prices dropped to their weakest level since 2009 on Tuesday and look poised for further losses.
Fall in prices will adversely impact mining companies' margins, traders said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Not a particularly Republican/conservative electorateBy David Bernstein November 5
Democratic pollster Anna Greenberg on NPR stated (hopefully at the time) that exit polls showed the electorate to be less conservative, and less white, than in 2010.  A Facebook friend of mine who is an elections expert confirmed  that “the Democracts got their turnout.”  Among other things, Black voters were 12% of the electorate, compared to less than 11% in 2010 and less than 10% in 2006. Conclusion: The Democrats did the best they could in very unfavorable conditions.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Alabama constitutional right to bear arms strengthened  by 72%-28% voteBy Eugene Volokh November 5 Follow @volokhc
(FILES) In this May 4, 2013 file photo, a convention goer picks up a Ruger 1911 model .45 semi-auto gandgun at the NRA Annual Convention May 4, 2013 in Houston, Texas. In a 19-page opinion, Judge Frederick Scullin on July 26, 2014 ruled that “there is no longer any basis on which this Court can conclude that the District of Columbia’s total ban on the public carrying of ready-to-use handguns outside the home is constitutional under any level of scrutiny. “Therefore,” Scullin wrote, “the Court finds that the District of Columbia’s complete ban on the carrying of handguns in public is unconstitutional.” AFP PHOTO / Karen BLEIER / FILESKAREN BLEIER/AFP/Getty Images
The provision had earlier read, “that every citizen has a right to bear arms in defense of himself and the state”; it will now read,
(a) Every citizen has a fundamental right to bear arms in defense of himself or herself and the state. Any restriction on this right shall be subject to strict scrutiny.
(b) No citizen shall be compelled by any international treaty or international law to take an action that prohibits, limits, or otherwise interferes with his or her fundamental right to keep and bear arms in defense of himself or herself and the state, if such treaty or law, or its adoption, violates the United States Constitution.
The second provision is a political statement, with little legal effect — if a treaty or law violates the U.S. Constitution, then it is unconstitutional even without a provision in the Alabama Constitution. But the first provision would impose a more demanding test for gun controls, though not an insuperable test (see this case upholding a limited ban on gun possession by felons under strict scrutiny). Similar restrictions have recently been enacted in Louisiana and Missouri .
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Slowdown: India services sector PMI plunges from 51.6 to 50 during October  says HSBCGovt lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week
Services sector activity in India stagnated during October amid weaker growth of new business orders, an HSBC survey said today.
The HSBC India Services Business Activity Index, that tracks changes in activity at Indian services companies on a month-by-month basis, fell from 51.6 to exactly 50.0 in October.
A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
The stagnation in services sector activity follows five successive months of growth amid fall in new business orders, the report said.
“Services sector activity was unchanged in October since growth in some sectors was offset by contraction in others such as in the hospitality sector,” HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
Meanwhile, the headline HSBC Composite Output Index — that maps the manufacturing as well as the services sector output — stood at 51, down from 51.8 in September, indicating that growth of private sector output in India eased to the weakest in five months.
However, services sector firms in India remained highly optimistic regarding prospects for activity growth in the coming year.
Business sentiment was the strongest in three months, with panelists commenting on anticipated improvements in demand and new marketing initiatives as key sources of optimism, the report said.
“On the positive side, business confidence rose to the strongest in three months, with the hospitality sector being the most upbeat about the outlook,” Neumann said.
Neumann added: “the revival of reforms post recent state elections, if sustained, should lift growth on a broad basis.”
TAGS: HSBC PMI HSBC Services PMI India Service Sector Services PMI
More from economy

Amendment banning foreign law in Alabama courts passesBy Eugene Volokh November 5 Follow @volokhc
No, despite what this AL.com headlines (and some other sources say as well). The amendment would largely just restate that courts may not use foreign law in those cases when “doing so would violate any state law or a right guaranteed by the Constitution of this state or of the United States.”
Normal American “choice of law” principles often call for the application of foreign law in cases that involve foreign transactions, for instance in some tort cases arising from injuries in foreign countries , determining the family status of people who were married or adopted children in foreign countries , and more. American courts wouldn’t enforce foreign rules that violate Americans’ free speech rights, equal protection rights, and so on; but in the great bulk of cases in which foreign law would be applied, there would be no such constitutional problem. The Alabama amendment wouldn’t bar use of foreign law in such cases.
Nor would the amendment bar Alabama courts from consulting the way foreign countries do things in developing Alabama common law or constitutional law (though I don’t know how often Alabama courts do that). And it wouldn’t bar courts from using religious law, such as Sharia, in those rare situations where American courts may constitutionally use such law, chiefly when they have to apply the foreign law of a country that incorporates Sharia into its legal system .
The one area in which the amendment might bar use of foreign law has to do with contracts that provide that they are to be interpreted under foreign law (a common provision in contracts that deal with foreign transactions). Provision (g) of the amendment doesn’t just bar violations of state law or of the state or federal constitutions but also says, “no Alabama court shall be required by any contract or other obligation entered into by a person or entity to apply or enforce any foreign law.” That might mean that choice-of-law provisions in contracts would be invalid in Alabama courts, because they purport to require Alabama courts to apply or enforce foreign law. But it might alternatively mean that such contracts can’t require Alabama courts to apply foreign law, though Alabama courts could choose to do so following Alabama choice-of-law rules. This will take some litigation to resolve.
And the amendment might also have an effect quite unrelated to foreign law: Provision (g) also says,
Nothing in this amendment shall be interpreted to limit the right of a natural person or entity of this state to voluntarily restrict or limit his, her, or its own constitutional rights by contract or specific waiver consistent with constitutional principles. However, the language of any such contract or other waiver shall be strictly construed in favor of preserving the constitutional rights of the natural person in this state.
This seems to suggest that even a purely domestic waiver of constitutional rights by an individual — most often, a waiver of the right to speak (i.e., an agreement not to say certain things) or a waiver of the right to trial by jury — “shall be strictly construed in favor of preserving the constitutional rights.” Alabama law already appears to strictly construe waivers of civil jury trial rights, but I’m not sure that’s so as to waivers of free speech rights, which are common in various sorts of confidentiality agreements.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

M&S shares jump after resultsLast updated: November 5, 2014 9:37 am
Marks and Spencer shares jump on margin forecast, dividend payout
Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7abf7e0a-64bb-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Euro hits session low after weak dataStocks rise on Republican win and jobs data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4c11ef0-649a-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Meggitt pledges buyback after downgradeMeggitt pledges buyback after downgrade
Tanya Powley, Manufacturing Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a44d33e-64cb-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lufthansa ordered to pay Rs 20 lakh compensation to passengerTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
A 70 year-old businessman has been awarded Rs 20 lakh as compensation by State Consumer Redressal Commission after a German airline downgraded his ticket during his flight from Frankfurt four years ago.
Complainant Shiv Prakash Goenka had contended that he had opted for Business class travel in Lufthansa Airlines for health reasons during his trip to Frankfurt and Madrid in 2010 as well as for the return journey.
In his complaint he claimed that the airline staff had downgraded his ticket to economy class and gave him a compensation voucher for Euros 1500 for surrendering his seat.
On return, he moved the Commission for refund of his ticket cost of Rs 2.5 lakh besides claiming Rs 95 lakh in damages for the mental agony he had suffered.
On its part, the airline argued that he was offered two Economy Class seats and that he had also accepted the compensation voucher but the Commission took cognisance of the senior citizen’s age, saying he could not argue and fight with the staff fearing he could miss the flight.
The Commission directed the airline to refund the ticket fare and pay Rs 20 lakh as compensation to Goenka.
TAGS: Lufthansa Airlines Lufthansa Airlines Business Class Lufthansa Airlines Compensation Lufthansa Airlines Economy Class
More from companies

Arrests are part of conspiracy against BJD govt: HansdaBy: Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:04 pm
Mayurbahnj MP Ramchandra Hansda, arrested by CBI on the charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds, on Wednesday alleged that the action against him was part of a political conspiracy against the ruling BJD in Odisha.
“The central investigating agency is trying to gain cheap popularity out of this,” Hansda said, adding that there was a “conspiracy” against the BJD.
Hansda, who had been suspended from the ruling BJD immediately after his arrest on Tuesday, said this while being taken to the court for production by CBI.
The CBI had recovered Rs 28 lakh cash from Hansda’s house in Mayurbhanj district in July this year while probing into the chitfund scam involving Nabadiganta Capital Service.
Hansda had claimed that the money was his personal and party fund.
Former BJP MLA Hitesh Bagartti said, “I feel sad. As I was a director of the company I too was arrested by CBI.”
“I want investors to get back their money,” he added.
CBI conducted medical examination of all the three accused politicians comprising Hansda, former BJD MLA Subarna Naiak and Bagarti before they were produced in the special CBI judge court here.

IT Services Provider Cognizant s Revenue Rises 12%Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
IT services provider Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp reported a 12 per cent rise in quarterly revenue due to higher spending by customers in North America and Europe.
The company's net income rose to $355.6 million, or 58 cents per share, in the third quarter ended September 30 from $319.6 million, or 53 cents per share, a year earlier.
Revenue rose to $2.58 billion from $2.31 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Greenply Industries Up 20% on Strong Q2You are here: Home Market
Greenply Industries Surge 20% on Strong Q2
NDTV | Updated On: November 05, 2014 14:33 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Shares of plywood-maker Greenply Industries jumped 20 per cent to hit its intraday upper limit at Rs 1,249.85, as the company reported strong earnings for the second quarter of FY15 on Tuesday.
The company reported nearly 40 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) growth in its standalone net profit to Rs 37.03 crore, while its revenue grew 7 per cent y-o-y to Rs 623.41 crore in the second quarter of FY15.
The company also reported an increase in its profitability in the reporting period. Its gross profit margin (EBITDA margin) increased 141 basis points y-o-y to 12.2 per cent in the quarter.
As of 2.19 p.m. shares in Greenply Industries were locked at upper circuit at Rs 1,249.85 apiece, up 20 per cent.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 14:33 (IST)

Gionee Marathon M3 has a 5000mAh battery  costs Rs 13 999New system allows computers to teach by example
For those who hate the battery life, or lack of it, on their smartphones, Gionee has introduced the Marathon M3 with a powerful 5000 mAh battery.
The company claims the battery is good for 32.46 hours of 3G and 51 hours of 2G talk time and 32.8 days of standby time.
The Gionee Marathon M3 has a Quad Core 1.3 GHz processor wiith 1GB RAM and runs Android 4.4 OS with Dual SIM.
The Marathon M3 has a 5-inch HD Display and an 8 MP back camera.  The 8GB internal memory can be expanded up to 128 GB.
The phone will be priced at Rs 12,999.
TAGS: Gionee Marathon M3
More from industry

Sensex Hits 28 000 for 1st TimeYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex Hits Record High Above 28,000
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 16:54 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
The BSE Sensex and Nifty edged higher on Wednesday after earlier hitting a fourth consecutive record high that sent the benchmark BSE index above the 28,000-point mark for the first time, as lenders continued to rally on hopes of early interest rate cuts.
Continued fund flow from overseas investors also lifted sentiment. Foreign investors bought shares worth $900.2 million in the last four consecutive sessions, taking their rally for so far this year to $14.2 billion.
However, gains were capped as metals and mining companies fell sharply tracking weaker global prices, while investors also booked profits as markets across the region were subdued.
Caution also prevailed ahead of a market holiday on Thursday.
"Overall outlook is positive. The investment climate has improved and is expected to be good. And we do expect RBI to cut rates," said Deven Choksey, managing director at KR Choksey Securities.
The Sensex closed 0.2 per cent higher at 27,915.88 points. Earlier, it rose as much as 0.54 per cent to break 28,000 levels and made a fresh record high of 28,010.39, breaching the 27,969.82 level hit in the previous session.
The broader Nifty gained 0.2 per cent to 8,338.30 points. The index gained as much as 0.5 per cent to hit a record high of 8,365.55 points.
Markets were closed on Tuesday for a public holiday.
Banks continued their rally on growing expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut interest rates as early as its next policy review in December, or, if not, in February.
State Bank of India gained 2.2 per cent, adding to its 0.8 per cent gain on Monday and 4.8 per cent in the last week. ICICI Bank closed up 1.6 per cent while Axis Bank gained 2.9 per cent.
The NSE bank index closed 1.3 per cent higher.
Dr Reddy's Laboratories closed 2.2 per cent higher after Morgan Stanley upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "equal-weight", citing improved outlook.
State-run oil marketing companies also gained with BPCL up 2.2 per cent as international crude prices fell to a four-year low, which according to traders would help improve margins.
Indian Oil Corp closed 1.23 per cent higher, while Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd ended up 2.02 per cent.
However, metals and mining companies fell with Sesa Sterlite plunging 4.4 per cent as iron ore prices hit a multi-year low. NMDC Ltd closed down 3.9 per cent.
Ipca Laboratories plunged 10.4 per cent after Credit Suisse downgraded it to "underperform" from "neutral", citing negative USFDA observations.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Home Ministry seeks report on killing of two youth inKashmirPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:40 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:43 pm
The Home Ministry on Wednesday sought a report from Jammu and Kashmir government on the killing of two youth allegedly by Army personnel in Budgam district.
In a communication, the Home Ministry asked the state government to give details about the incident, how did it happen and what action has been taken in the aftermath of the killing of the two youth.
They were killed following alleged firing by Army men at Chattergam in Budgam district of Kashmir valley on Monday.
Two youth were also injured in the incident that led to widespread condemnation from various quarters, including the mainstream political parties.
Curfew-like restrictions continued in five police station areas in Srinagar as a precautionary measure even as normal life across Kashmir was affected today following a call for general strike by separatist groups to protest the killing of the two youth.

A fraction of India s sugar mills start prod...A fraction of India's sugar mills start production amid pricing dispute
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 06.38PM IST
Mills in UP have delayed crushing, protesting higher government-set prices they need to pay to farmers even as sugar prices stay depressed.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A fraction of the country's sugar mills has produced 75,000 tonnes this season beginning October, with operations yet to start in the biggest cane producing state due to pricing disputes, trade and industry sources said.
Out of the 518 sugar mills in the country, 15 in Maharashtra and 13 in Karnataka have started operations, slowing down production of the sweetener in the world's biggest consumer.
Mills in Uttar Pradesh, the biggest cane producing state, have delayed crushing, protesting higher government-set prices they need to pay to farmers even as sugar prices stay depressed.
"Cane crushing will be in full swing only in end-November and early December, giving us more clarity about production this year," said an industry official who did not wish to be named as he not authorised to talk to the media.
The Indian Sugar Mills Association , a body of private sugar mills, estimated in September that production this season will rise to 25.0-25.5 million tonnes from 24.3 million tonnes a year ago.
Though crushing is resuming gradually, mills have yet to sign any export deals because of lower global prices, weighed down by ample supplies in the international market.
India exported 2.1 million tonnes of sugar, mostly raws, in the last season. Shipments this season are expected at 1.0-1.5 million if the government extends export incentives like last year.
Sugar stocks on October 1, when the new season began, were 7.5 million tonnes, sufficient to meet roughly four months of consumption.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Zydus Wellness Q2 net up 8.33% at Rs 27.30 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Zydus Wellness Q2 net up 8.33% at Rs 27.30 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Zydus Wellness today reported a 8.33 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 27.30 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The company had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 25.20 crore in the corresponding period last year, Zydus said in a filing to the BSE.
Consolidated total income from operations during the quarter under consideration increased marginally by 5.46 per cent to Rs 103.03 crore compared to 97.69 crore in the year-ago period.
However, for the first half of 2014-15 consolidated net profit of the company reduced by 7.44 per cent at Rs 44.35 crore as against Rs 47.92 crore in the same period, last year.
Consolidated total income from operations for the half year ended September 30, 2014 also declined marginally and stood at Rs 203.94 crore as against Rs 205.20 crore in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal.
Brands of Zydus Wellness include Everyuth, Sugar Free, Nutralite and Actilife.
Shares of the company closed at Rs 616.45 per scrip on BSE, down 1.94 per cent from their previous close.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Oudh Sugar Mills prunes net loss to Rs 43-cr in Q2Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Oudh Sugar Mills prunes net loss to Rs 43-cr in Q2
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Oudh Sugar Mills today reported net loss of Rs 43.06 crore for the second quarter ended on September 30, due to decline in sugar prices as against a net loss of Rs 50.06 crore in the same quarter of last year.
Total income from operations during July—September quarter increased to Rs 302.80 crore from Rs 273.74 crore in the year ago period.
Meanwhile, the company said its board has decided to seek shareholders’ nod for amendment in its Articles of Association to bring it in consonance and harmony with the Companies Act, 2013.
Besides, it is seeking shareholders’ nod on another matter.
“Requisite approval of the shareholders through the postal ballot...to make further investment, provide loans or give guarantee or provide security in connection with loans to any other body corporate or person under section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013, for an amount not exceeding Rs 300 crores” the filing added.
Shares of the company today closed at Rs 21 apiece on BSE, up by 3.19 per cent.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Minimum Wage Raise Passes In Arkansas  NebraskaMinimum Wage Raise Passes In Four GOP States
Posted:
reddit
Voters in four red states approved ballot initiatives to raise their state minimum wages on Tuesday, sending another message to Washington that Americans support a higher wage floor.
Binding minimum wage referendums were on the ballot in Arkansas, Nebraska, Alaska and South Dakota on Tuesday, with polls suggesting ahead of election day that all would pass.
Arkansas voters approved their initiative by a 65-to-35 margin , according to early returns. The measure will increase the minimum wage incrementally to $8.50 per hour by 2017. Nebraska voters, meanwhile, approved their initiative, which will raise the minimum wage to $9 by 2016, by a 62-to-38 margin.
Alaskans voted by a 69-to-31 margin to raise their minimum wage from $7.75 to $9.75 an hour by 2016, and then peg it to an inflation index so that it rises with the cost of living. South Dakota voted 55-45 to raise their minimum wage from $7.25 to $8.50 next year. It will also be indexed thereafter.
The federal minimum wage is just $7.25 per hour and hasn't been raised since 2009, though states have the option of setting their own minimum wages instead. Arkansas and Nebraska will now join 24 other states that are slated to have a higher wage floor than the federal level next year.
Raising the minimum wage is extremely popular among Americans, with 70 percent of respondents to a recent poll saying they back the idea. That support tends to cross party lines, even if Democrats are more enthusiastic about the idea than Republicans.
Supporting minimum wage increases became so fashionable during this midterm election season that even some Republican candidates got behind the ballot initiatives. After discouraging such a raise earlier this year, Dan Sullivan, the Republican challenger to Sen. Mark Begich (D-Alaska), eventually said that he would vote in favor of the Alaska measure. Rep. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), who unseated Sen. Mark Pryor (D-Ark.) on Tuesday, slowly came around to say he would do the same for the initiative in Arkansas.
Given the broad public support, progressive and labor groups in recent years have made a point of putting minimum wage referendums on the ballot at the state and city level. By going to the ballot box, minimum wage backers are able to bypass reluctant state legislatures, particularly those led by Republicans, and put the vote to what is often a more sympathetic audience.
Recent polls in Arkansas, Alaska and South Dakota all showed support for the minimum wage ballot measures, even though the legislatures in those states are GOP-controlled. Nebraska, though solidly red, does not formally recognize state lawmakers' party affiliation.
Minimum wage increases have been a bright spot for organized labor recently, as unions -- and the Service Employees International Union in particular -- have spearheaded the campaign to raise wages in fast food and retail. Low-wage worker strikes have gained national attention.
President Barack Obama has cited the fast-food strikes in calling on Congress to hike the federal minimum wage. Democrats in both chambers have proposed raising the wage to $10.10 per hour and tying it to an inflation index. House Republicans, however, haven't brought the measure up for a vote, and Senate Democrats haven't rounded up enough votes to overcome a GOP filibuster.
This story was updated after wage increases passed in Alaska and South Dakota.
live blog

Refined soya oil futures slide 1.27 pc on low demandRefined soya oil futures slide 1.27 pc on low demand
Colgate-Palmolive Q2 net profit at Rs129.6 croreColgate-Palmolive Q2 net profit at Rs129.6 crore
Airtel shares down 3% after it hangs up on LoopAirtel shares down 3% after it hangs up on Loop
Dollar hits 7-yr high against Yen on US pollsDollar hits 7-yr high against Yen on US polls
Rectifying economic problems to take time: Finance MinisterRectifying economic problems to take time: Finance Minister
Slump in claims boosts profits for European insurersSlump in claims boosts profits for European insurers
New government to take India to new heights: BJP MPNew government to take India to new heights: BJP MP
Ukraine reaffirms adherence to Minsk accordsUkraine reaffirms adherence to Minsk accords
Manufacturing s role cannot be less strategicGoutam Das      Follow @Goutam20    Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 11:27 IST
Puneet Dalmia, Managing Director of Dalmia Bharat Cement.
Puneet Dalmia, Managing Director of Dalmia Bharat Cement, explains why the country desperately needs manufacturing, in an interview with Goutam Das. Edited excerpts:
Q. You still have people in India who think India should remain a services economy. Why do we need manufacturing?
A. Advanced economies that let manufacturing move out realised after 20-30 years that it leads to a lot of local job creation. While in India services should continue to grow and become a very important part of our international presence, manufacturing's role cannot be less strategic. Large parts of our economy are rural. We need to create jobs closer to where people live. It can even employ people of lesser skill. A factory in a village creates tremendous inspiration for people.
Lot of direct and indirect employment gets created. For the cement industry, for every one direct job, almost 10 indirect jobs are created. A lot of trucks are employed where there are two drivers, two cleaners. For each truck, four-five jobs get created. One cement plant costs Rs 1,500 crore. A large plant could cost Rs 3,000 crore. There is a money circulation that starts. Three wheelers, education, housing happens. A steel plant would be even bigger; same for power plants. So there are two benefits - one is local employment and two, you don't need that much skill. Given that in India, almost one million people are entering the workforce every month, we need to create jobs.
Q. What has been your biggest bottlenecks?
A. Decisions take a very long time in India. And there is a lot of uncertainty - environmental clearances, land buying, mining licence. (There are 43 clearances required from different authorities for a greenfield cement project.) A cement plant could take five years to be ready for market. The first is a prospecting permit - prospect the land to see how much mineral is there. Then you apply for a mining licence. Then you have to buy the land. As you know, land holdings in India are small. You may have to do 1,500 transactions to complete the entire land purchase. It is a time-consuming process - it can take two to three years. You don't get contiguous land - there are patches that remain unsold and people want a hefty price. If you are stuck because of a small plot, you pay a hefty price and then others who sold land a year back also come back to negotiate. This has happened many times. Then there is the environmental permit and the forest permit. Land inflation is higher than anything in the country. If we look at our project cost, maximum inflation is in land - 20 to 35 per cent a year. This is across states. We have operations in 14 Indian states.
Q. So what is the solution?
A. My view is that there need to be zones which are demarcated for industrialisation. The government should do strategic planning. After that no government agencies should stop you. There has to be a time bound process to say yes or no.
Q. What has been the impact of slow decision making on your company?
A. We have gone slow. We would have expanded faster. We are now focused more on acquisitions, not greenfield projects. We did three acquisitions in the last three years and spent Rs 3,500 crore on acquisitions. Greenfield projects may have cost less but had a higher uncertainty.
Q. What do you think of the Make in India campaign?
A. Make in India is a great strategic direction. It will create local jobs and lots of jobs. However, capital doesn't come by invitation. It comes with trust and confidence. I should have the trust and confidence that i will not lose money.

Frugal Innovation: Market-driven value innovation or resource scarcityFrugal Innovation: Market-driven value innovation or resource scarcity?
Sanjeev Jha        Last Updated: October 22, 2014  | 12:55 IST
Sanjeev Jha, partner at InvYramid Innovation Strategy Consulting
Long ago, a multinational shoe company sent three salesmen to Africa to explore market opportunities. The first one wired back: "Nobody here wears shoes, no market potential." The second wired back: "Nobody here wears shoes, great market potential." The third wired back: "Nobody here wears shoes, great market potential, I have tied up with a man here who can make shoes and  can also ship some back to the corporation at a fraction of the current purchase cost. He also has people making shoes for him in Vietnam, India, Bangladesh, China..." good but old example of today's 'Frugal Entrepreneurship'.
Two key observations here - frugal innovation requires the mindset to think of opportunity and not constraints; and frugal innovators should focus on 'value innovation' and not be driven by scarcity.
From $2,500 cars to $35 laptops to $800 heart surgeries, frugal innovations that characterise the art of improvising effective solutions using limited resources have been the characteristic of the emerging economies, to do more for less, to cater to broader markets. And why just companies, even not-for-profit institutions and government bodies have started realising the importance of being frugal. Even Stanford University (Entrepreneurial Design for Extreme Affordability), and Cambridge University (Inclusive Design) have programs focused on frugal innovation. The Obama administration has an office of Social Innovation and Civic Participation to encourage grassroots entrepreneurs in health-care and energy.
Does the need of being frugal change by emerging or developed economies? Businesses or consumers in the developing economies are resource-constrained and affordability is an important criterion for product success. Companies addressing these markets have no option but to reduce the upfront costs of development and the direct cost involved in the production and delivery of products.
Further, a common worry among western firms is that being frugal will cannibalise the existing market for expensive technology. Why buy a $10,000 device if the same firm makes a slightly simpler one for $1,000? But, if you think carefully, this is too pessimistic. Consider this, GE opened up a new market in the developing countries among doctors for its cheap electrocardiograms (ECG); previously only hospitals could afford these costly devices.
Some people have associated frugal innovation with jugaad and quick-fix solutions. But, there are two major reasons why such solutions won't work:
>> Today's consumers are aspirational: A product that lacks "integrity" and fails to provide a smooth user experience will be rejected. While the farmer of the past may have been satisfied with using a makeshift jugaad vehicle, today's consumer has exposure to the best the world has to offer. Expectations regarding ergonomics and "look and feel" have gone up everywhere. Makeshift solutions are no longer acceptable
>> The rise in safety and quality standards: The embarrassment faced by one of the world's largest automobile manufacturer, Chevrolet, in a huge recent recall of its multi-utility vehicles (Tavera) from the Indian market underlines how cutting corners is not a viable approach So, what's the mantra for success? The key mantra for success, when thinking of being frugally innovative is that instead of doing things 'FOR' other people, you should focus on doing things 'WITH' other people. This in turn will help build capacity, participation, pride, and long term relationships.
Here are a few other thoughts for successful frugal innovation strategy:
>> Immerse for better consumer insights: The importance of good understanding of user needs can't be overestimated. Several recent product successes, including Gillette's low-cost razor Guard, demonstrate the importance of immersion in the customer's life to understand the specific conditions in which the product will be used, the customer's priorities, and what kind of trade-offs can be made to lower costs. In the case of the Razor Guard, this immersion revealed that the main challenge faced by men in India was avoiding a cut while shaving without running water and poor illumination. Based on this learning, Gillette innovated a single-blade system razor, lined with a safety comb designed to prevent nicks and cuts
>> Market driven v/s cost reduction: Tata Motors' Ace, a sub-one tonne commercial vehicle, has sold more than a million vehicles. At the same time, the company's much-touted Nano has struggled to make a dent in the car market. There were major differences in the way these vehicles were designed and manufactured - whilst the Ace was outcome of 'market-driven', structured development process (concept to design to pilot to a scaled up launch), the Nano was more inward-looking with a strong engineering focus on 'cost reduction'
>> Develop ideas in emerging markets and deploy in West: Walmart, which created "small mart stores" to compete in Argentina, Brazil and Mexico, is re-importing the idea to the United States. Diagnostics for All, a Massachusetts-based start-up that has developed paper-based diagnostic tests -- the size of a postage stamp - chose to commercialise its idea in the developing world so as to avoid America's dreadfully slow approval process for medical devices I agree with Stuart Hart: "Frugal designs must be upgraded to appeal to the wealthy; low-cost innovations can often be easily imitated, and competitors with lower cost structures can enter as fast as seconds after the pioneers have incurred all the development costs." After doing a wonderful job in India, Narayana Hrudayalaya joined hands with Ascension Health to build the Cayman Health city in the US. India's Mahindra & Mahindra sells lots of small tractors to American hobby farmers. Mahindra & Mahindra sells its tractors for $50K or less and competes with John Deere in the US market.
I believe that the trend of 'being frugal' will accelerate in future. With many developed economies facing extended periods of austerity as governments curb spending, steadily rising unemployment further squeezes the majority 'middle class'. This challenge, however, does in itself present a significant opportunity. So many people are crying out for new ways to save money, and being frugal can be a good way to make a shift towards 'value innovation'.
As a business designer, focused on in-market validation of innovative business models in emerging markets, I see a growing pattern of companies wanting to do more with less. In the wake of successful pilots allowing the 'value innovation' to be reverse-engineered for the more developed markets, these companies will begin to consciously invest more through the frugal approach, in a faster and repeatable (thus sustainable) manner.
(Sanjeev Jha is a Partner at InvYramid Innovation Strategy Consulting. Previously, he founded Priority Research and 30rupees.com. A Different Take is his fortnightly online column for Business Today, focusing on business model innovation, business strategy, consumer insights, & entrepreneurship. Follow @BT_India and @sanjeev__jha to be alerted of Sanjeev's columns)

Consumer Reports: These Automakers Top Reliabilityconsumer reports: these automakers top reliability
Invest cautiously in Bhushan Steel  Syndicate BankStory
Bottom fishing
Bhushan Steel and Syndicate Bank shares are likely to remain under pressure in the near term. Invest cautiously
Rahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Edition: October 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
On August 2, the Chairman and Managing Director of Syndicate Bank was arrested for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh to increase credit limits of Bhushan Steel.
After that, the Bhushan Steel stock fell 75% till September 1 (from Rs 378 to Rs 96.30). Syndicate Bank's shares fell 8.3% to Rs 123.25 during the period.
Does it make sense to buy these shares at this point? Let's find out.
BHUSHAN STEEL
The company's strength is its dominant position in the domestic market. Weaknesses include rising costs, lack of investment in research and development, high interest rates, government regulations and inquiry by the Central Bureau of Investigation. "The fall in Bhushan Steel shares is mainly due to corporate governance issues. First, it was named in the coal scam. Now, its name has come up in the Syndicate Bank bribery scam," says Nikhil Kamath, director, Zerodha, an online brokerage.
After touching Rs 96.30 on September 1, the stock rebounded 33% to Rs 122.45 till September 10.
Bhushan Steel, which has fund and non-fund exposure of Rs 40,000 crore to about 51 banks, is struggling to raise Rs 6,000 crore equity capital to convince lenders. Banks, on their part, have stepped up pressure and are asking for three seats on the board, a forensic audit of accounts and appointment of an external agency to oversee the daily cash flow.
Bhushan Steel registered a net loss of Rs 141.63 crore for quarter ended June as against a loss of Rs 76.26 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. On September 1, it was trading at a price-to-book value, or PB/V, of 0.24.
Experts say investors must ignore the stock for now. "Though the stock looks reasonably valued after having corrected 70%, the impending court verdicts and CBI inquiry could take it anywhere. Hence, we would advise against entering the scrip right now," says Kamath of Zerodha.
However, Sharmila Joshi, equity market analyst and blogger says, "One can look to buy the stock if the company can find a solution to the problem of funding its huge expansion plan and there is clarity on appointment of the managing director."
Under stress
SYNDICATE BANK
The stock fell 33% from Rs 175 on June 30 to Rs 123 on September 1. The reason was the rise in non-performing assets, or NPAs, in the quarter ended July 31. The bank reported gross NPAs of 2.65% in 2013-14, the highest in the last five-six years. Rohit Gadia, founder and chief executive officer, CapitalVia Global Research, says, "Another reason was the bribery case. The stock fell 10% after the scam broke."
The government holds 67.39% stake in the bank. Market experts believe that misconduct by a few senior employees does not mean the bank will collapse. Its key strength, a strong branch network, remains, they say.
During the quarter ended June, business rose 18% year-on-year to Rs 39,1305 crore, better than the 16% rise in the March quarter. Advances and deposits rose 18% to Rs 1,76,442 crore and Rs 2,14,863 crore, respectively, during the period.
But the biggest problem is the worsening asset quality. During the quarter ended June, fresh slippages were Rs 1,500 crore compared to Rs 1,197 crore in the previous quarter and Rs 1,304 crore in the corresponding quarter last year.
DK Aggarwal, chairman and managing director, SMC Investments and Advisors, says, "At Rs 119.55, the stock is trading at a P/BV ratio of 0.69, lower than its five-year average of 0.80. Even though the valuation is attractive, the bank's performance has been weak overall. The pressure on asset quality may continue to rise. Therefore, investors should closely monitor earnings for the next two quarters and start accumulating the stock if there is some improvement in asset quality." On September 10, the stock was at Rs 120.65.
Gadia of CapitalVia Global Research says, "Syndicate Bank is looking bearish on the charts for the short term and can test Rs 98-99. So, our advice for the retail investor will be to avoid the stock for fresh buying. Fresh positions can be created near Rs 100, with stop-loss at Rs 75. The stock is likely to bounce from Rs 75. It may touch Rs 200 in the coming years if it manages to remain above Rs 75."

India on road to become manufacturing majorStory
A Formidable Task
Goutam Das      Follow @Goutam20    Edition: Nov 9, 2014
In the right direction: A production line at Maruti's Manesar factory.
Six months is a long time. It is nearly the time a trip to Mars would take, according to Mars One, a not-for-profit foundation that seeks to establish a permanent human settlement on the planet whose average distance from the Earth is 225 million km. It is also the time a 1,622-km-long road journey in India could take.
Two years ago, heavy engineering company ISGEC was transporting three consignments of column - process equipment weighing between 53 metric tonnes and 158 metric tonnes, and six meters high - from its factory in Gujarat's Dahej to the Jindal Steel & Power plant in Angul, Odisha. Along the way, the company faced three railway shutdowns, made five detours where roads were being built, trimmed 100 trees after local permissions because of the column's height, and removed and reinstated 200 overhead power cables. It also paid off villagers a dozen times to allow the consignment to pass, and its drivers and supervisors were manhandled 13 times. The road barely existed in the last 100 km. The equipment was delivered in 180 days.
This journey tells the tale of making in India - manufacturers everyday face headwinds due to poor infrastructure, lack of environment clearances, local trouble, and slow decision making. Add labour trouble, land issues and taxation bottlenecks and you have a sector that is deep in the woods.
Click here to Enlarge
Growth in the market capitalisation of BT 500 companies has fluctuated over the past five years. From 52.16 per cent in 2010, growth slumped to 13.66 per cent in 2011 and 5.20 per cent in 2012. It recovered to 13.14 per cent in 2013 and to 32.28 per cent this year. Also, the number of manufacturing companies in the BT 500 list shrank from 236 in 2009 to 202 in 2013, before recovering to 215 in 2014.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Top 500 Most Valuable Companies 2014
This is not all. Manufacturing's share in the country's gross domestic product has fallen in recent years, from a high of 16.28 per cent in 2011/12 to 14.94 per cent in 2013/14. And latest data continues to indicate a slowdown - manufacturing output fell 1.4 per cent in August from a year earlier because of a lack of new orders. In a quarterly survey in August, industry lobby FICCI said 71 per cent manufacturing units didn't have plans for capacity addition for next six months with capacity utilisation remaining stagnant thus far. More than 64 per cent said they may not hire additional workforce in next three months, according to the survey.
'You may need to do 1,500 transactions to complete the entire land purchase since land holdings are small in India. You don't get land that is contiguous,' says Puneet Dalmia, Managing Director, Dalmia Bharat Cement. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh
It is in this context that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's high decibel 'Make In India' campaign is so refreshing to many industrialists. On September 25, he unveiled the campaign's logo - a striding lion made of cog-wheels - and promised manufacturers "effective governance", not just "good governance". The campaign has three pillars: making it easier to do business by removing licensing and regulatory hurdles, enabling infrastructure such as industrial corridors, and opening up foreign direct investment in a number of sectors including defence, construction and railways. The National Manufacturing Policy aims to create 100 million jobs by 2022 and increase the share of manufacturing in India's GDP to 25 per cent.
Still, investors, like the FICCI survey hinted, remain cautious and are on a wait-and-watch mode. Modi is going in the right direction, they say, but they want more than just assurances.
CROUCHING LION
For 'Make in India' to succeed, the government needs to address the concerns of three sets of manufacturers - existing investors, those who want to expand in India, and foreign investors. Existing investors who have suffered setbacks because of recent court rulings need a high dose of the confidence opium.
"The private sector in India feels highly insecure. The government is not consistent, (and) a lot of reversals take place," says Ravi Uppal, Managing Director and Group CEO of Jindal Steel & Power. "Today, people are questioning the validity of any document given by the government. It comes to saying that any document given by the government must be endorsed by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, the Central Vigilance Commission, the Central Bureau of Investigation, and finally the Supreme Court before it becomes a valid document," he adds.
The Supreme Court recently cancelled the permits of 214 coal blocks allocated without auction between 1993 and 2010 by various governments. Miners have time till March 31, 2015, to hand over the mines to the government. Jindal Steel is one such company caught between a rock and a hard place. "We employ 30,000 people in our mines. They will be laid off," says Uppal. The company will not just face disruptions in coal supply, but also has a total investment of `36,000 crore at stake. "The opportunity lost will be in terms of future investment," he says.
The Modi government has to win back this fast receding investor confidence. "There needs to be consistency in government policy. There must be a legislation to say that when government decisions are made, they cannot be questioned. This kind of protection must be given," stresses Uppal.
Existing investors in India also need protection against outdated labour laws. Labour unions inside factories have been resorting to strikes and sabotage to press for higher wages and reverse disciplinary measures. In 2012, automaker Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant faced a nasty labour strife, culminating in a management representative being charred to death. Another case in point is Parle Products's Bangalore factory. The company applied for closure of the plant after it could function for just three and half months between 2011 and 2013. Workers had halted production after an employee was suspended for abusing a personnel officer.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor faced similar problems this year. Between February 10 and March 15, the union at the carmaker led the disruption of shop-floor operations at its factory near Bangalore 32 times, resulting in a production loss of 1,988 vehicles, which led the company to declare a lockout. The lockout was subsequently lifted and management was eventually able to enforce discipline. "We cannot allow a minority to hold the majority to ransom," says Shekar Viswanathan, Vice Chairman and Director at Toyota Kirloskar Motor. "The labour department has to play a keen and instructive role, fostering better relations with management. Labour is a state subject. Every chief minister, labour secretary and junior functionary in the department must say we cannot compromise on discipline. It is management's right to enforce it," he adds.
Click here to Enlarge
Labour reform, agrees Surinder Kapur, Chairman of auto parts maker Sona Group, is needed to improve India's competitiveness. He says workforce in India is not disciplined enough. "In most factories, people are not working for eight hours. It varies from five to seven hours," he says. India's output per worker, at $3,067 in 2013, is nearly half of China's, according to the International Labour Organization.
In particular, industry groups and companies have been lobbying for a change in the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947. The Act mandates companies employing 100 or more workers to seek prior permission of the government for firing workers. Chapter V B of the Act bars companies from shutting shop or downsizing quickly - a company needs to seek permission from the government three months in advance. This locks up capital in unproductive assets. "Small and medium enterprises need to be given a holiday from labour laws for the next seven years, " says Kapur. "That's the kind of impetus you need."
A small start has already been made in this direction. On October 16, Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched five initiatives under a new scheme titled Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Shramev Jayate Karyakram to address some of these problems. The initiatives include simplifying compliance of 16 labour laws through a single online form and a transparent Labour Inspection Scheme aimed at ending undue harassment by factory inspectors.
HANDLE THE ELEPHANT, TOO
'Today, people are questioning the validity of any document given by the government. Any document must be endorsed by the CAG, CVC, the CBI, and fi nally the Supreme Court before it becomes a valid document' says Ravi Uppal, MD and Group CEO, Jindal Steel & Power. Photo: Vivan Mehra
Anyone, say manufacturers, can delay projects in India. In his Delhi office, replete with horse sketches, Puneet Dalmia narrates a tale of how a non-governmental organisation (NGO) threw a spanner in the works two years ago. The Managing Director of Dalmia Bharat Cement recalls that, at one of the company's greenfield projects, a local NGO claimed the road connecting its plant to the main road was in forest land. The company was dumbstruck because there was no forest there. But the NGO argued the region was an elephant track. "As a solution, the NGO wanted funding for elephant conservation. They came up with a `4 crore budget, saying they need to buy jeeps and laptops," says Dalmia. The company did not pay up but created an underpass for the animals to cross, if at all.
Often, projects get delayed also because some land owners don't want to sell their plots. "You may need to do 1,500 transactions to complete the entire land purchase since land holdings are small in India. You don't get contiguous land," says Dalmia. "There are patches that remain unsold. If you are stuck because of a small plot, you pay a hefty price. Then others who sold land a year back also come back to negotiate. This has happened many a time."
In the company's project costs, the maximum inflation has been in the price of land - 20 to 35 per cent a year across states. Dalmia Bharat Cement has operations in 14 states.
Other manufacturers face similar problems in land acquisition, which could lead to changes in business plans. German agro-equipment maker Lemken wanted to set up a plant in Pune in 2008 and was hunting for 20,000 square meters of land as the city had good infrastructure and skilled manpower, says CEO Arvind Kumar. But the company couldn't find a plot of land and finally went to Nagpur to set up the factory.
All these come at a time when foreign countries are aggressively looking to generate employment and are eyeing Indian investment. Apollo Tyres, for instance, is setting up a factory in Hungary that would employ 900. "We were chased by a number of countries - Slovakia, Poland, Hungary," says Onkar Kanwar, Chairman and Managing Director of Apollo Tyres. "We selected Hungary because our belief has been always to have a plant close to facilities where you know people can live and work properly. It's a one-and-a-half hour drive from Budapest." Kanwar is hesitant to link his expansion in Europe to the difficulty of getting things done in India but says land prices in India have become exorbitant. "Where we used to pay `10 lakh an acre, the same land is available for `1 crore now," he adds.
Adi Godrej, Chairman of the Godrej Group, points to a "funny law" that prohibits development of land under the Coastal Regulation Zones. "All coastal cities are badly affected by this - no other country in the world has such a law. Things like land reclamation is becoming difficult in India... All these come in the way of manufacturing development," he says.
Doing business has become tougher in the past few years, he adds. Too many permissions are required from too many agencies, and there are delays in environment clearances and land acquisition. To set up a cement plant, for instance, it takes 43 clearances from different agencies. "It becomes extremely complicated," says Godrej.
SO WHAT CAN MODI DO?
Godrej's solution - minimal permissions from the government, be it the state or the centre. "The government should have an adequate land bank. Simplification is the key to getting it done. The law of the land should be that if a certain permission is not granted within a certain period, say three months, then it is assumed to have been granted," he suggests.
Intricately linked to the high cost of land and the complexity of operating in India is the high cost of financing a project. Manufacturers want the government to relax lending norms. For instance, a steel plant of one million tonnes costs $1 billion and banks require promoter equity of 25 per cent for lending. "The promoter must have $250 million. Not many people have that kind of cash," says Uppal of Jindal Steel. "The government should have a guideline that says banks can go up to 90 per cent lending."
'Employment comes from manufacturing. Unfortunately, in the last 10 years, there has been a lot of talk, but no action. The result is we are stuck at 15 per cent (of GDP) in manufacturing,' says Onkar Kanwar, Chairman and Managing Director, Apollo Tyres. Picture: Shekhar Ghosh
Most domestic banks, laden with bad loans, may not agree with Uppal. But in many countries lending norms are easier and interest rates lower than in India, which works to the advantage of multinational companies. Jindal Steel, for instance, has set up a two-million-tonne steel plant in Oman. "Banks gave us money with a smile with favourable terms. The cost of loan is six per cent. In dollar terms, the rate is less than five per cent. India is at 12 per cent," says Uppal.
Smaller companies are being asked for personal guarantees by banks, says Kapur of Sona Group. "The stumbling block in automotive is that Tier-II and Tier-III suppliers are not growing at the pace they should because they are not being funded by banks. If suppliers don't grow, the alternative would be imports to overcome shortage. There is a cost to it," he adds. His company is taking vendors to banks, explaining to bankers that they need loans to operate.
S.V. Sukumar, Partner and Head of Strategy and Operations Practice at KPMG in India, says India must also ensure protection of intellectual property rights to boost manufacturing. "If high-end manufacturing comes to India, design will too. There must be protection for multinational companies R&D," he says.
INDIA SAFARI CUT SHORT
Foreign direct investors don't face a cash crunch. They have other headaches. Over the past few years, Indias income tax department has slapped tax evasion notices against multinationals ranging from Vodafone and Nokia to Shell India and General Electric. "Tax terrorism", a term that gained popularity in the run-up to general elections this year, includes retrospective taxation and claims on withholding tax. Both have earned India a bad name.
In 2012, the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government amended a law to retrospectively tax deals between any two companies if the underlying assets were in India, affecting mobile-phone operator Vodafone that had bought Hong Kong-based Hutchison Group's stake in Hutchison Essar. Similarly, Nokia has been slapped with two tax cases totalling `17,658 crore, and the implication has been disastrous for Indian manufacturing, employees and a growing electronic assembly ecosystem in Chennai. Nokia's Sriperumbudur factory, once the world's largest mobile-phone plant with 8,000 permanent employees producing 15 million handsets a month, will down shutters on November 1.
In February this year, the Tamil Nadu Sales Tax department slapped a tax case accusing Nokia of not having exported any of the mobile phones it manufactured at the plant between 2009 and 2011. "We find this claim surprising since we have customs documentation showing we exported more than 400 million phones during that period," a Nokia spokesperson had told Business Today earlier.
The second dispute relates to withholding tax. The Income Tax Department claimed `15,258 crore in unpaid taxes, interest and penalties as Nokia India showed the payments made for buying software from its head office in Finland as 'purchase transactions', not 'royalty payments'. While tax experts, such as Sanjay Sanghvi, Tax Partner at Khaitan & Co, say there was no tax liability in a purchase transaction concluded outside the country, authorities treated Nokia as a defaulter. Authorities also froze the company's manufacturing assets, preventing a transfer to Microsoft, which announced acquisition of Nokia's devices and services business in 2013. Nokia let go most of its employees and the plant became a contract manufacturer for Microsoft. The US-based company recently informed the handset maker it will terminate their manufacturing services pact from November 1, prompting Nokia to suspend production at the plant.
Brett Young, a corporate communications executive at Nokia Corporation, told BT the asset freeze by the tax department prevents the handset maker from exploring potential opportunities to sell the factory to any other company. "Nokia is now evaluating options to minimize the impact on the over 1,100 employees remaining at the manufacturing facility," he said in an e-mailed response. To attract investments, said Young, India should up set fast-tracks courts to resolve disputes and end practices that do more harm than good to all stakeholders - asset freezes being one example. "It is also critical to quickly resolve existing tax disputes sparked by retrospective taxation policy shifts. Companies that have operated with the same business model for many years, and have been regularly assessed and audited by the tax authorities, should be able to expect a reliable and consistent business environment," Young said.
But until India creates such an environment, manufacturing will resemble a lamb - not a lion. There is much work to be done before the cogs start to turn.

Finance Ministry takes steps to cut fiscal deficitFinance Ministry takes austerity measures to cut fiscal deficit to 4.1%
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 09:14 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
The Narendra Modi government launched an austerity drive on Thursday to trim the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) in 2014-15 with a 10 per cent across-the-board cut in non-plan expenditure and barred senior officials from first-class air travel, foreign jaunts, holding meetings in five-star hotels and purchase of new cars.
The Finance Ministry said that there will be a total ban on new posts in government departments and those that have been vacant for more than a year will not be filled except under very rare and unavoidable circumstances. The erstwhile United Progressive Alliance government had also clamped similar measures in 2012 and 2013 to cut down fiscal deficit.
While officers are entitled to various classes of air travel depending on seniority, utmost economy would need to be observed while exercising the choice keeping the limitations of budget in mind. However, there would no bookings in the first class. The facility of videoconferencing, the ministry said, "could be used effectively".
The ministry added that in all cases of air travel, the cheapest tickets available for the entitled class are to be purchased.
According to the order, purchase of new vehicles to meet operational requirement of defence forces, paramilitary forces and security organisations are permitted but the purchase of any other vehicles is banned.
"Such measures are intended at promoting fiscal discipline without restricting the operational efficiency of the government," a finance ministry statement said. In the context of the current fiscal situation, there is a need to continue to rationalise expenditure and optimise available resources, it added.
The government proposes to lower the fiscal deficit to three per cent of GDP by 2016-17. The deficit, which had touched a high of 5.7 per cent in 2011-12, was brought down to 4.8 per cent in 2012-13 and further to 4.5 per cent in 2013-14 by way of austerity.
Japanese brokerage Nomura said that the austerity drive would save up to Rs 40,000 crore but poses risks to growth. "... This would amount to a saving of Rs 35,000-Rs 40,000 crore, or 0.3 per cent of GDP," it said in a note issued in Mumbai.
AUSTERITY DRIVE
To promote fiscal disciple without restricting the operational efficiency of the government
>> A total ban on new posts, those that have remained vacant for more than a year will not be filled except 'under very rare and unavoidable circumstances'
>> Purchases of vehicles are mostly banned, videoconferencing should be used wherever possible
>> No first-class air travel for bureaucrats
>> No companion free ticket on domestic/international travel
>> Holding of exhibitions/seminars/conferences abroad strongly discouraged except in case of exhibitions for trade promotions

How to pass money on to your children 
(iStock)
You don’t need to have millions to be able to leave something for your children after you die.
Between life insurance, wills and other financial tools, many parents of more meager means can also take steps to make sure their kids will be okay financially after they’re gone. And as much as families despise talking about money , the measures don’t always require a lot of work.
“Regardless of how much wealth you have,” says Gregory Popera, a private wealth adviser with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, “having some type of estate plan and financial power of attorney are sort of the financial building blocks to make sure your assets go where you want them to go.”
Start with a will. 
The document, best drafted with the help of an attorney, should lay out plans for how assets such as a home, investments and family heirlooms should be divided among children, other relatives and charitable organizations, Popera says. Directions for other items, such as furniture, clothing and photographs, can be explained in a separate letter, he says. Wills can be used to name an executor, or the person responsible for paying final bills and dividing up the estate.
Wills have to go through probate, a court process in which debtors and other creditors are given a chance to make claims for debts owed to them by the person who died, before assets can be divided. The entire process can take six months to a year depending on the state. Many states will offer simple procedures for estates that are smaller than $100,000, says Dan Prebish, a manager on the estate planning team for Wells Fargo Advisors.
Leave them your retirement accounts.
The easiest way to ensure that your children will receive your retirement savings is to name them as the beneficiaries to your accounts such as a 401(k), IRA and a Roth IRA, Popera says. Make sure beneficiary forms are kept up to date, since those designations would trump whatever’s in the will, financial advisers say. People inheriting IRAs will also have to take minimum required distributions, based on their age and life expectancy. And like the original owner, they’ll owe taxes on the money when they take distributions. Beneficiaries inheriting a Roth IRA, which is funded with after-tax dollars, do not have to pay taxes on the savings as long as the account has been open for at least five years.
Buy life insurance.
The point of life insurance is to make sure the people who rely on you financially will be okay. But many parents don’t do the proper math when they buy policies, setting themselves up for a scenario in which the money may run out sooner than they expect . Instead, couples should factor in mortgage payments, college costs, food and other expenses and estimate how much their children would need to cover those expenses until they reach adulthood.
Many parents will be fine in terms of taxes by simply naming their children as the beneficiaries of the policy. But parents who are also leaving a separate estate for their children might save on taxes by putting the life insurance policy into what’s called an “irrevocable life insurance trust,” says Jason Katz, a managing director with UBS. Then, the proceeds of the insurance would go into the trust and would not be counted as part of the parent’s estate, he says. If the child is named a co-trustee after reaching a certain age, that money would also be protected from creditors and wouldn’t have to be shared with a spouse if the beneficiary  gets divorced .
Open a 529 account. 
A 529 account, in which money can grow tax free until it is used to pay for qualifying college expenses, can be a way to leave money for your children and maybe even your children’s children, Katz says. Parents or grandparents can contribute up to $14,000 a year for each child (or $28,000 a year for a couple) before having to pay gift taxes. The accounts have an exception that lets people front-load up to five years’ worth of contributions at once as long as they don’t make any more contributions for the next five years, Katz says. Of course, some kids may not have much left after paying for their own college costs, but they can also choose to pass on funds to pay for higher education costs for their own children, Katz says.
Related: A father of eight explains why he hasn’t saved a penny for his kids’ college education
Create a trust.
Parents and grandparents leaving more substantial assets may want to consider creating a trust. For instance, some families may create a revocable living trust, which wouldn’t have to go through probate and could be changed or canceled at any time, Prebish of Wells Fargo Advisors says. With this arrangement, assets would be owned by the trust, which would be controlled by the person who created it until they die or become incapacitated. The trust would then be handed over to a successor trustee, such as a child or other relative, who can control it and use the funds to pay bills and later to divide the assets among family members and other groups, he says. Because they are more complicated and expensive than a will, such trusts are more commonly recommended for people with more than $500,000 in assets, Prebish says. (Though some people passing on less may still find it to be a good strategy for them, he adds.)
Simpler ways. 
When family members are on the same page, some parents may be fine with designating one child to divide assets up among the family. For example, some people may choose to establish a joint tenancy with one child, who can use assets and money to cover bills while their parent is still alive and who would then be responsible for splitting up the assets after the parent dies, Prebish says. A transfer on death deed, which passes an estate on to an executor after a parent dies, would leave the parent in full control until after he or she died, Prebish says.
However, both arrangements might leave a single person in full legal control of the estate after the parent dies, which could cause problems within the family if he or she chooses not to share what’s inherited with other siblings or grandchildren, he says. Some parents can try to avoid this by naming all of their children in the tenancy or in the transfer of death deed, but then all of them would have to agree on how to treat the assets. If disagreements are likely, it might be best to leave detailed instructions in a will or trust, he says.
Read More:

Mahindra Lifespace enters new luxury segmentUpdated: November 4, 2014 19:38 IST
Mahindra Lifespace enters new luxury segment
Ramnath Subbu
The Hindu Mahindra Lifespace Developers MD and CEO Anita Arjundas. File photo
TOPICS
properties (general)
Has plans to set up villas in its first project under the brand ‘The Serenes’ in Alibaug, a popular beach destination close to Mumbai.
The Mahindra group, which ventured into the affordable housing segment through its subsidiary Mahindra Lifespace Developers (MLDL) last year, has now announced plans to address a new segment at the other end of the spectrum — luxury weekend homes.
MLDL has plans to set up villas in its first project under the brand ‘The Serenes’ in Alibaug, a popular beach destination close to Mumbai. Spread over 12 acres, the gated project will offer two formats — Courtyard and Patio — with three and four bedroom villas.
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Managing Director and CEO Anita Arjundas said, “increasingly there is a trend for a buyer who wants to own a property and needs to take a break away from cities. Weekend getaways are born out a vision to create a luxurious living experience for the discerning.’’
Speaking to this correspondent, Om Ahuja, CEO, Residential Services, JLL India, a leading property consultancy, said there had been “a surprising revival in the luxury segment post elections even as the mid-segment is still struggling.’’
Ms. Arjundas said in the first phase, 49 villas would come up and were to be delivered by end-2016. The 3 BHK units would cover 3,000-3,100 sq. ft. while the 4 BHK properties would cover 3,400-3,500 sq. ft. They will be priced in the range of Rs.2.50-3.50 crore.
A second phase covering five acres for a further 25 units was planned, “but there would be more clarity in the next six months. MLDL’s investment in the project would total around Rs.100 crore,’’ Ms. Arjundas said adding that more projects were planned but “the reference point would be that the location be around four hours drive from a city and present a scenic environment.’’
The first organised entrant into the luxury weekend homes segment was the Kalpataru group with its Amoda Reserve with units starting at Rs.3.50 crore, and, according to Mr. Ahuja, the units in Lonavala, a hill station near Mumbai, received a favourable response at launch.
“The weekend or holiday home segment is new and unique and buyers are not looking for price appreciation. Alibaug is a favoured destination with no reputed organised developer to date. It is a smart move by the Mahindras, and should elicit a favourable response,’’ Mr. Ahuja said.

State Refiners Reluctant to Hedge Oil Purchases: ReportGovernment May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: India's risk-averse state refiners are reluctant to follow Reserve Bank of India advice to hedge part of the country's $165 billion annual oil import bill, fearing administrative action if they suffer losses, refinery sources said.
Officials in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government on Monday discussed the idea, which is part of a push by RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to make Asia's No.3 economy less vulnerable to external shocks.
India is the world's fourth-largest oil consumer and imports 3.8 million barrels per day of crude. Any spike in oil prices can drive up the current-account deficit and inflation - both chronic ills that have long hobbled India's development.
The idea of buying insurance against a possible oil price rally comes onto the agenda as oil prices touch four-year lows. But India's dominant state refiners are reluctant to hedge due to the political fallout that any wrong-way bets could trigger.
"The RBI has suggested that we should hedge our crude purchases ... I doubt state refiners will be doing it. It is very risky for them," said one source with direct knowledge of the meeting.
Further discussions could follow Monday's get-together between oil secretary Saurabh Chandra, officials from the finance ministry and Modi's cabinet secretary, the country's most senior bureaucrat, this source said.
Officials at the oil ministry, finance ministry and RBI could not be reached for comment because of a public holiday in India.
State-owned Indian Oil Corp, Bharat Petroleum Corp, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd together control about 60 percent of India's 4.3 million bpd in refining capacity.
Privately owned competitors Reliance Industries and Essar Oil both use hedging tools to lock in costs, as and when the opportunity arises on the international market.
India wants state refiners to capitalise on falling oil prices, which at $82 a barrel for Brent crude are at their lowest since October 2010, to lock in their supply costs. Some already hedge their refining margins.
Only last month, PM Modi deregulated diesel prices that the prior government had subjected to state controls to blunt the impact of a previous oil rally on Indian drivers and truckers.
The policy will reduce costly fuel subsidies but also expose India's state-owned refiners to greater market risks on the refined products they sell in addition to the cost of the crude they process.
Risky bet
A parliamentary panel last year had raised questions over state refiners' reluctance to hedge imports.
"It is a risky affair. So, at times it can work in your favour, but many times it can work against you. If it goes against you, then you are answerable to all kinds of queries," R.K. Singh, the then-chairman of Bharat Petroleum, said at the time.
Sources at refining companies said they can hedge oil purchases to the extent of their physical transactions, but unlike private refiners, they lack the flexibility and appetite to absorb losses if their bets go wrong.
"My finances will be immediately affected if we make losses in hedging ... I am already depending on government subsidies for my operations," an executive at IOC said.
Indian state refiners on average buy 80 per cent of their oil import needs through term contracts and the balance through spot purchases.
Traders and private companies can absorb some of the losses and they adequately reward their staff if they make a profit, said a source at one of the state refiners.
"But for us we have two sides of the transaction -- a minus and a plus. Plus is your duty and minus is a penalty," he said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

KAREN BLEIER / AFP - Getty Imageskaren bleier / afp - getty images
BYOD - Where s The Partyreddit
Bring your own device (BYOD) is anything but fun. Every employer needs to address employees' personal   communication devices. More and more employers have decided it's better to let employees use their own devices to manage their business and personal lives. Employers and employees risk privacy breeches along with countless other headaches. Policies to protect both parties are difficult to write and manage.
A one size policy does not fit all.  The nature of the business and what kind of data it uses will determine what legal obligations exist. Developing a BYOD policy requires legal advice after the employer decides in which direction to move. One thing all employers will have in common is the need to continuously evaluate and revise their policies as new risks are identified.
Employers who provide employees mobile communication devices historically purchase the same brand and may even restrict the usage to work.  Today more employers are offering employees a wide range of mobile devices or have employees purchase and use their own devices.  Technical support is typically provided to ensure security updates and install necessary software. There are a myriad of other technical considerations to decide.
Aside from the technical aspects involved in BYOD    policies or any mobile communication devices are the human resource liabilities such as wage and hour, discrimination and employee privacy issues. Non-exempt employees must be paid for all time worked, whether it's authorized overtime or not.  Reading emails, responding to calls and emails are compensable time. Don't leave out the time it takes to repair and update the device for work.
There are two edges to the discrimination sword; one edge is preventing a hostile environment, the other is personal content on the device may divulge information such as religion, national origin and disability. To determine whether a hostile environment exists, it needs to interfere with an employee's performance, be frequent or severe and be physically or emotionally threatening or humiliating. Using online resources does not insulate the employer from liability. Employers must control how employees use their personal devices to mitigate hostile workplace liability.
Employers may be obligated to provide assistive devices to qualified employees who can now bring their own   devices to work. For instance, In Rojek vs. Catholic Charities of Jackson, Inc. a blind applicant requested a special document reader. The law may require the employer provide the technology needed to work with the employee's personal devices to perform the essential functions of the position.
Employees will need to consent to several practices in order to reduce their expectation of privacy under the Fourth Amendment. Employees might reasonably expect the device they purchased is their private property. It holds family photos, their favorite movies and games, personal contacts and communication. Should an employer become involved in litigation, the personal device may contain relevant data and need to be submitted as evidence. When an employer terminates, or loses the device, the employer may want to wipe the device and potentially lose those family photos.
Employers need to think carefully before adopting a BYOD policy. Keep in mind, all of the employee rules that apply to an employee-owned handheld device. Proper use of the employees' personal devices need to be incorporated in the employee handbook. Develop a policy and allow employees to carefully review it before agreeing to BYOD. Provide training to protect the employers' and employees' privacy.
More:

More petrol price cuts likely as crude dips to 4-year lowFurther petrol, diesel price cuts likely as crude oil dips to four-year low
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 08:56 IST
Petrol and diesel prices were last cut on Saturday by over Rs 2 per litre each. (Photo: Reuters)
Following the recent multiple reductions in petrol rates and deregulation of diesel prices by the government in October, fuel consumers can look forward to more price cuts as Brent crude oil fell to its lowest in four years at US $82 a barrel on Tuesday after Saudi Arabia cut sale prices to the United States.
The basket of 12 crude oils of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), which include Saudi Arabia, closed at US $80.64 a barrel on Monday compared to US $81.97 last Friday (Oct 31), the OPEC Secretariat said.
It was reported that OPEC members Venezuela and Ecuador are working on a joint proposal to defend oil prices, but the United Arab Emirates oil minister said the country was "not panicking".
Announcing the diesel price deregulation in October, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said, "Price of diesel will be linked to the market, and therefore, depending on whatever is the cost involved, is the element that consumers will have to pay."
Jaitley had added, "Just like petrol prices, diesel cost will now be governed by market forces. The diesel prices were being increased by 50 paise or so over the last few months. The prices should come down as the global crude oil prices have dropped substantially in recent times."
Petrol and diesel prices were last cut on Saturday by over Rs 2 per litre each.

Wall Street slips as energy extends recent slideMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
U.S. stocks fell in afternoon trading on Tuesday, with energy shares leading the selloff as crude prices declined for a fourth straight day, adding to global demand worries.
The S&P 500 energy sector was down 2.2 percent, extending the group’s recent drop, the Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF fell 2.3 percent, and Chevron Corp fell 1.3 percent.
U.S. crude oil dropped below $77 a barrel to its lowest level in about three years after Saudi Arabia cut sales prices to the United States. Crude is down more than 30 percent from a recent closing peak and down 7 percent over the past four sessions.
Among other top negative influences, shares of Priceline.com  dropped 8.6 percent, the largest percentage decliner on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, after posting quarterly earnings below Wall Street’s expectations.
Energy has lagged the broader market this year, hit hard by plunging oil prices. The S&P energy index is the only one of the 10 primary sectors to remain negative on the year.
The decline in oil “has an immediate effect on the energy sector, of course, but it also has implications for the broader market, reflecting a lack of demand,” said John Kosar, director of research with Asbury Research in Chicago. “With the market at record highs, you’d like to see oil do better since demand for oil indicates the economy is humming along.”
At 1:43 p.m., the Dow Jones industrial average fell 13.9 points, or 0.08 percent, to 17,352.34, the S&P 500  lost 9.7 points, or 0.48 percent, to 2,008.11 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 27.40 points, or 0.59 percent, to 4,611.51.
Alibaba Group Holding rose 2.3 percent to $104.15 on massive volume after the Chinese e-commerce giant reported its first quarterly results as a public company, posting revenue growth of 53.7 percent.
The market’s recent rally, which took both the Dow and S&P 500 to intraday records on Monday, has largely come on strong corporate financial results, which have eased some concerns about economic growth.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,923 to 1,097, for a 1.75-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,563 issues fell and 1,049 advanced for a 1.49-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 73 new highs and 42 new lows.
TAGS: US Stocks Wall Street
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Republicans sweep to Senate majorityRecriminations fly over Democrat defeat
Richard McGregor and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4acbf180-6482-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Replication of coal reforms imminent for mining other minerals: Arun JaitleyGovt lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week
After the coal mining reform plan, for which the government recently announced an ordinance on allocation of blocks, the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the government is looking at similar reforms for mining of other minerals.
Speaking at the World Economic Forum the Finance Minister said on Wednesday, “With regard to other minerals, we are about to take similar reforms.”
The minister also spoke of the limitations posed by the new land acquisition law which prohibits acquiring land for even crucial sectors such as defence and housing for poor. He said that the government is relooking at the second part of the law which deals with acquiring land.
“The law lays down a very complicated procedure for land acquisition. Conceptually acquisition of land is always a sovereign right because you need land for everything including building defence cantonment, highways and houses. Therefore, if the land acquisition was made complicated then the growth process itself gets stalled and this law has made it extremely complicated…. Now, since the confusion has been established, the time has come that at least the second part of the law is relooked,” said Jaitley adding that the government has no issue with the new compensation and resettlement as proposed in the land acquisition law.
The finance minister also said that he was hopeful to get the insurance bill cleared in the upcoming parliament session. Taking up another reform Jaitley said that the labour law needs to change and the process has been started, though he did not give a timeline for the same.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Arun Jaitley Coal Block Allocation Arun Jaitley World Economic Forum
More from economy

Gold Prices Decline to Over 3-Year Low on Global CuesOil Price Drop Threatens $150 Billion in Investments
New Delhi: Gold prices plunged by Rs 450 to trade at over three-year low of Rs 25,900 per 10 grams in the national capital today as the dollar's strength dampened demand for the precious metal.
Besides, low demand from jewellers and retailers who preferred to defer their buying activity on hopes of further dip in prices and diversion of funds towards soaring equity markets, weighed on prices.
Silver followed suit and recorded a steep fall of Rs 900 to Rs 35,050 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion traders said a weakening trend in global markets, as the dollar's strength eroded demand, mainly put pressure on the precious metal.
Further, jewellers and retailers deferring their buying on expectations of further slide in gold prices, dampened sentiments.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 1.90 per cent to $1,146.34 an ounce, the lowest since April 2010 and silver plunged 3.4 per cent to $15.48 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
Meanwhile, gold in futures trading at the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) was trading lower by Rs 530, or over 2 per cent, at Rs 25,433 per 10 grams.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity dropped by Rs 450 each to trade at over three-year low of Rs 25,900 and Rs 25,700 per 10 grams, respectively.
Sovereign also showed some weakness and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,600 per piece of eight grams.
Silver ready dropped by Rs 900 to Rs 35,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,210 to Rs 34,730 per kg.
Silver coins also tumbled by Rs 2,000 to Rs 57,000 for buying and Rs 58,000 for selling of 100 pieces
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 16:02 (IST)

Reliance Industries to sell 49.9 per cent stake in US joint ventureTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Reliance Industries is looking to sell its 49.9 per cent stake in a US joint venture that owns a 460 miles pipeline network for transportation of shale oil and gas.
RIL, as well as its partner Pioneer Natural Resources Co, are seeking a buyer for their stakes in Eagle Ford Midstream venture as they focus on shale oil production.
“Pioneer Natural Resources today announced that the company is pursuing the divestment of its 50.1 per cent share of the Eagle Ford Shale Midstream business.
“Reliance Holding USA, Inc owns the remaining 49.9 per cent of the EFS Midstream business and also plans to pursue the divestment of its share in a joint process with Pioneer,” the Dallas-based independent oil and gas producer said in a statement.
RIL, through its subsidiary Reliance Holding USA Inc. had acquired 49.9 per cent stake in EFS Midstream LLC in June 2010. Current investments in EFS Midstream LLC is USD 208 million.
The Midstream system consists of 10 gathering plants and about 460 miles of pipelines. The system gathers and separates produced condensate from produced gas. It also stabilises the condensate, where necessary, and treats the gas.
It is projected to generate USD 100 million in cash flow next year. Pioneer is the operator of the business.
The sale “would allow us to strategically redeploy capital to our core, oil-rich Spraberry/Wolfcamp assets in the Permian Basin of West Texas,” Pioneer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Scott Sheffield said.
Pioneer, however, said it has no plans to sell its stake in the Eagle Ford shale oil and gas producing assets.
The US firm holds 46 per cent stake in the upstream venture where RIL has 45 per cent and Newpek LLC the remaining 9 per cent.
It is being speculated that RIL may be looking at selling this stake as well. RIL, which bought 45 per cent interest in Pioneer Natural Resources Co’s Eagle Ford shale formation of south Texas for USD 1.3 billion, is working with Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Merrill Lynch to find a buyer.
When the news of this stake sale came last month, its spokesperson had said, “Reliance constantly strives to identify means to create additional value for its shareholders” but declined to comment on the specific sale.
RIL, in a July presentation to investors, had stated that it has invested a total of USD 3.91 billion in Pioneer joint venture since inception. 472 wells have been drilled to date with average production rate of 676 million standard cubic feet per day.
The Eagle Ford assets, spread over 230,000 acres, have become more attractive after the US Commerce Department, in June, gave Pioneer permission to export a type of ultralight oil known as condensate produced from the region.
Besides Eagle Ford, RIL has two more shale ventures in the US – 40 per cent stake in Chevron’s Marcellus shale acreage and a 60 per cent interest in Carrizo Oil and Gas Inc’s Marcellus shale acreage in Central and Northeast Pennsylvania.
TAGS: Reliance Industries
More from companies

SAT allows DLF to redeem Rs 1 806 cr from MFsSAT allows DLF to redeem mutual fund investments worth Rs 1,806 crore
Himank Sharma     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 17:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Wednesday allowed DLF, the home-grown real estate major, to redeem Rs 1,806 crore ($293.96 million) in mutual fund investments , as the property developer continues to contest a regulatory ban on raising funds from capital markets.
DLF is in the midst of appealing a Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) ruling in October that had barred the realty firm and some of its executives from capital markets for three years over suspected disclosure violations in its record-breaking initial public offering in 2007.
Debt-laden DLF has contested the decision to appellate body SAT and had requested permission to liquidate its mutual fund investments to meet cash requirements as the appeals process continues.
The property developer had said it needed to service debt worth Rs 767 crore in November and Rs 1,039 crore in December.
The appellate body is due to hold its next hearing on December 10 when the arguments in the appeal against the ban by capital market watchdog Sebi will resume.
(Reuters)

Cognizant Q3 revenue at $2.58 bn; full yr revenue seen between $10.13 - $10.16 bnCFO
(The GAAP net income…)
BENGALURU: Cognizant Technology Solutions reported a revenue growth that was on the upper band of its earlier forecast and marginally increased its guidance for the fourth quarter and for the full-year, marking a slight comeback after bumping down in the earlier quarter.
The Teaneck, New Jersey-based company, celebrated for its scorching pace of growth for the last few years, recorded revenues of $2.58 billion, a 2.5% sequential growth, much lower than two of the country's largest software exporters, TCS and Infosys.
However, for the fiscal year, the Nasdaq-listed company lifted its guidance to 15%, at the upper-end of Nasscom guidance of growth of 13-15% for the IT sector.
"There is a tremendous opportunity in the marketplace as the advent of new digital technologies, global economic pressures, and an evolving regulatory environment force businesses across all industries to change and adapt faster than ever before," Francisco D'Souza, chief executive of Cognizant said in a statement.
The company's net income rose to $355.6 million, up 11.3% from the year-ago period, boosted by growth in net income. Cognizant reported a 3.6% sequential growth from manufacturing, retail and logistics service lines, which together account for one-fifth of company's revenues.
Hearteningly, Cognizant has upticked its guidance for revenues for full year and estimates it to be between $10.13 billion and $10.16 billion, marking a change in sentiment from the three month period earlier when it cuts its full-year growth outlook as it believed it was taking longer to close large deals. The company had said at the end of second quarter that it expects revenue to grow 14%. This marginal revised guidance does not take into account revenue inflow from US-based healthcare software specialist TriZetto, which it bought in the last quarter for $2.7 billion (around 15,000 crore) in cash.
In an investor call, D'Souza said that the client-specific problems flagged in the second quarter were "abating" and the company does not consider them to be a "concern".
Brokerages such as US-based Baird Equity Research said the earnings were encouraging.
"We are encouraged by the Q3 beat and guidance raise," Baird analysts David J Koning, Adam Dahms and Eric Ciura said in a note after the earnings.
"We think that the stock is a good value, given its discount to Infosys (despite faster revenue growth) and potential for upside to consensus 2015 estimates from the TriZetto acquisition," they added. "Our overall demand environment remains strong and our results this quarter highlight that we are competing, winning and executing transformational engagements for clients in various industry segments globally," said Gordon Coburn, President.
Last year, Cognizant's revenue outstripped that of Infosys - a company founded more than 13 years before it was - making it the second-largest India-based IT company.
But that growth has been showing signs of weakness as large integrated deals take longer to close and its US healthcare business struggle with sales, a worrying sign for the rest of the over $108 billion Indian outsourcing industry.
Although higher customer spending in the US, which accounts for over two-thirds of revenues reported a 2.7% sequential growth, revenues from Europe, minus United Kingdom, which contribute for 7.6% of revenues, saw a de-growth of 2.6% sequentially.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF gets interim relief; allowed to redeem Rs 1 806 crore of mutual fund investmentMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
In an interim relief against Sebi order, realty giant DLF was today allowed by the Securities Appellate Tribunal to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 1,806 crore till next month.
After hearing an appeal for interim relief by DLF, the Tribunal allowed the company to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 767 crore in the current month and further funds worth Rs 1,039 crore in December.
DLF had sought permission to redeem funds locked in mutual funds after being slapped with the market regulator’s ban last month from accessing the capital market for 3 years.
The Delhi-based developer had made the request through an affidavit submitted on Monday to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which is hearing DLF’s appeal against the unprecedented ban imposed by the watchdog last month on the company and six of its top officials.
The affidavit was filed following a direction from the tribunal last Thursday.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, will begin its final hearing on December 10 on DLF’s main plea against Sebi order.
At an earlier hearing on October 30, the SAT had asked DLF to specifically mention the time-frame, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
The SAT has further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
Last month, Sebi banned DLF and six of its senior-most officials, including founder-Chairman K P Singh, from capital markets for three years. The company challenged the ban in SAT and had sought an interim relief on October 22.
The Sebi took action against DLF for not disclosing the details about three of its 353 subsidiaries/associate companies in its 2007 IPO filing. This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders about 4 per cent, among others.
TAGS: Dlf Dlf Redeem Mutual Funds Sebi Securities Appellate Tribunal
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

David Kennedy is new Executive VP & General Counsel at InfosysNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 20:23 IST
David Kennedy new Executive VP at Infosys
PTI
company information
Country’s second largest software services firm Infosys has appointed David D Kennedy as its Executive Vice President and General Counsel.
Based out of California, US, Kennedy will also be the Executive Officer for the purposes of SEC Reporting, Infosys said in a statement.
Prior to Infosys, he had worked at JDA Software Group, Better Place and Business Objects. He had also served in various leadership roles within the legal department of a number of IBM business units.
“Having served in leading legal roles at prominent technology companies over a 25-year career, David brings diverse and rich experience to lead this key dimension in the evolution of Infosys as we reshape into a next-generation services company,” Infosys CEO and Managing Director Vishal Sikka said.
In April this year, Infosys senior vice president and general counsel Nithyanandan Radhakrishnan had resigned from the firm to become an independent consultant on international legal matters.
Infosys had said it will continue its association with Mr. Radhakrishnan as the Bangalore-based firm would be “his first significant client.”
Mr. Radhakrishnan quit at a time when the firm was witnessing a slew of exits by high and middle rank executives.
However, since Sikka, who is a former Board member at enterprise solutions giant SAP, took over as the CEO at Infosys, several new executives, including senior vice presidents have joined the software services firm.

Shades of Muharram  then and nowUpdated: November 5, 2014 20:16 IST
Shades of Muharram, then and now
ZIYA US SALAM
Tweet
The Hindu Muslims taking out Muharram procession at historic Jama Masjid, in New Delhi. Photo: Sushil Kumar Verma
REUTERS The chest of a Shi'ite Muslim bleeds as he flagellates himself during a Muharram procession to mark Ashoura in the old quarters of Delhi November 4, 2014. Ashoura, which falls on the 10th day of the Islamic month of Muharram, commemorates the death of Imam Hussein, grandson of Prophet Mohammad, who was killed in the seventh century battle of Kerbala. REUTERS/Ahmad Masood (INDIA - Tags: RELIGION)
TOPICS
human interest
A step back to childhood, when tazias in Delhi were colourful, when people from different faiths watched the procession of mourners awestruck, quiet and respectful
As a little boy I would run full speed across Jama Masjid’s 39 red sandstone stairs, skipping one or at times two at a time, leaving my mother panting behind. She feared for my limb and life in the crowd. My innocent mind was untouched by fear; all I cared for was to reach the top stair, stand and take a long look at the tazias that assembled on the road leading to Shahi Darwaza of the mosque on the 10th day of Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar. Some tazias were colourful with frills and laces; others were stark black, almost mournful. Exploration rather than mourning occupied my mind.
(Devotees carrying ‘tazias’ during a Muharram procession outside the Parliament House in New Delhi. Photo: Shiv Kumar Pushpakar.)
As the tazias gradually wound their way through Matia Mahal onto Chitli Qabar and Ram Lila Maidan along with mourning procession goers beating their breast, I ran behind them, nimble of feet, eager of eye, stopping by only to look with envy at boys lifted by their fathers on their shoulders for a better view. Rarely when I took my eyes off the tazias, I found men and women, and children, standing on the balconies of their first floor houses, some peeking from behind a window, others standing on the roof, as the taizas proceeded in a crowded procession. I enjoyed no such luck and soon founded myself locked in my room by my mother who would find a thousand and one excuses to keep me there for a few minutes. She failed often, my tears and sobs won regularly.
(Drone keeping vigil at the Muharram Procession in Bawana area in Delhi. Photo: R.V. Moorthy)
The cycle resumed every year in the run-up to Muharram, my little heart jumping with excitement as reports, unsubstantiated and exaggerated, trickled in of artists coming from Lucknow and Hyderabad to design tazias, some as high at 10 feet tall. Then came the day: Tazias assembled once more, each more eye-catching than the other. Kids lined up, men and women holding their hands on the route of procession: not everybody was a Shia, most in fact were Sunnis.
(Muslims participate in a mourning procession during Muharram at Karbala in Trilokpuri. Photo Rajeev Bhatt)
Many hailed from other faiths and stood outside their homes, their shops, their temples to look at them; awestruck, quiet and respectful.
Fast forward to 2014. The tazias did not seem as big — or is it because, I am separated from my childhood by many, many decades? Their numbers reduced greatly, their route cut short abruptly. They were heralded or followed not by mourners but policemen.
(Muslims participate in a mourning during Muharram at Karbala in Trilokpuri in East Delhi. Photo Rajeev Bhatt)
A watch was kept over them by drones, a far cry from the days when people looked at them from their rooftops in awe and wonder. No father lifted his little one on his shoulders to enable a better view. Few kids ran up the steps of the historic Jama Masjid; those who did found only a little trickle. Women mostly kept indoors. Then came reports of Muharram passing off peacefully. Even that seemed an accomplishment in today’s surcharged atmosphere. Times have changed. Or am I hanging on to nostalgia?

Wall Street eyes election impact  oil and jobsWall Street eyes oil, election impact and jobs
By: Adam Shell November 5, 2014 8:04 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Wall Street will be juggling a lot of potentially market-moving events today.
It wakes up this morning with news that Republicans won the fight for control of Congress in the midterm elections. Now that Republicans have regained control of the Senate, it consolidates the party’s power in Congress, creating a united front against Democratic President Obama.
Investors will also be closely watching oil prices to see if fading crude is still on a slippery slope, a downturn that is cheered by Americans who drive gas guzzlers but booed by the USA’s new beneficiaries of the American oil boom, such as oil-exploration companies, drillers and oil-field services firms, many which are being squeezed by lower crude prices. West Texas Intermediate crude continued its sharp dive Tuesday, which has been driven by oversupply, due in part to a boom in U.S. production, and a recent move by Saudi Arabia to lower oil prices for U.S. customers. Tuesday, a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude was down 2% to $77.19, a three-year low. In early trading Wednesday WTI was up one cent.
Wall Street also gets a look at fresh economic data that sheds light on the job market. Payroll processor ADP releases its October report on private job creation. The ADP number came in strong, with 230,000 jobs created last month, above the roughly 220,000 ec0nomists had forecast.
Investors also get a look at the services segment of the economy when the Institute for Supply Management releases its October non-manufacturing index.
The new information will come fast and furious, forcing investors to adjust to the fresh incoming news as the broad market hovers near record highs.
In pre-market trading, Wall Street was giving the Republican election success a thumbs-up. The Dow Jones industrial average was up nearly 90 points.

Fertiliser shares in demand; Zuari Agro soars 20%Fertiliser shares in demand; Zuari Agro soars 20%
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Fertiliser stocks were in demand today with shares of Zuari Agro Chemicals leading the pack with 20 per cent gains.
Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore counter zoomed 19.83 per cent on the BSE. Similar buying was seen in Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers that surged 10.78 per cent, National Fertilizers (8.03 per cent) and Chambal Fertilisers & Chemicals (3.42 per cent).
The Fertilizer Ministry has invited fresh proposals for setting up urea plants as well as increasing the capacity of existing ones under the recently notified New Urea Investment Policy for increasing domestic production.
In February, the Cabinet had approved amendments in the policy after 13 players including IFFCO, RCF and Tata Chemicals proposed new urea plants entailing capacity addition of 16 million tonne.
The annual demand of urea in the country is around 30 million tonnes, whereas the domestic production is around 22 MT. The rest is met through imports.
“The new urea investment policy has already been notified and now we have invited fresh proposals from the companies for setting up or increasing their current capacity,” a source told PTI.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Allahabad Bank revises term ratesAllahabad Bank revises term rates
Our Bureau
Kolkata, November 5:  
 
Allahabad Bank, on Wednesday announced that it is revising interest rates on Domestic Term Deposits to 8.90 per cent from the existing 9.05 per cent.
The rate revision, which will come into effect from November 10, will be for maturities below Rs. one crore for the period of 1 year to less than 5 years, the bank said in a release.
Senior citizens, it said, will continue to get an additional interest rate of 0.50 per cent as per existing guidelines.
 
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Essel Propack net rises 34% to Rs 38.46 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Essel Propack net rises 34% to Rs 38.46 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Packaging firm Essel Propack Ltd today reported a 34.05 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 38.46 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014.
The company had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 28.69 crore in the corresponding period last year, Essel Propack said in a filing to the BSE.
Total consolidated income from operations during the current quarter also increased 13.13 per cent to Rs 595.15 crore (Rs 526.07 crore).
For the first half of 2014—15 fiscal, the company’s consolidated net profit increased 24.24 per cent to Rs 64.83 crore as against Rs 52.18 crore in the corresponding period.
Total income from operation in the first half increased to13.69 per cent to Rs 1,143.84 crore from Rs 1,006.08 crore in the same period last year.
Shares of the company closed at Rs 113.85 per scrip on the BSE, down 0.83 per cent from its previous close.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Building firm to pay over Rs 5 Lakhs for cheating by false promiseTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
A real estate firm has been asked by a consumer forum here to pay over Rs five lakh to a man for “cheating” him by taking money on the false promise of providing a flat in its planned project.
The New Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, presided by C K Chaturvedi, asked Delhi-based AJS Builders Ltd to pay Rs 5,28,400 to Delhi resident V K Bhandari.
The forum said the documents placed on record clearly established that the firm “played with hopes and expectations of the complainant (Bhandari), played with his money, to cheat him by promising something which was not possible”.
It held the firm “guilty of total deficiency, cheating and causing disappointment to the complainant”. It also said the firm was guilty of not refunding the money collected from the complainant.
“We direct the opposite party (firm) to return to the complainant the sum of Rs 4,88,400…and we allow compensation of Rs 40,000 for harassment and mental agony and this amount is inclusive of litigation charges also,” it said.
The forum also noted that several other cases of similar nature were also filed against the same firm where “various persons, who responded to various advertisements by the opposite party, felt cheated that they had paid the money against projects which were never to come up”.
Bhandari had told the forum that he had paid Rs 4,88,400 to the building firm in 2006 for booking a plot in its upcoming project in Haryana.
He later on came to know that no construction activity had been started at the site and when no reasons were given for the unreasonable delay, Bhandari requested to cancel the plot.
He asked refund of his deposited amount but the firm did not give any heed to his demands, he said.
Thereafter, Bhandari approached the forum seeking refund of the paid money.
The firm did not appear before the forum which proceeded it ex-parte and passed the order.
More from companies

BJP  Shiv Sena cold war continues; now Fadnavis says no Sena minister before trustvotePrint
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis at Idea Exchange. (Source: IE photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:45 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 8:02 pm
Shiv Sena representatives will not be inducted into Maharashtra’s BJP-led government before it wins the trust vote, Chief Minister Devedndra Fadnavis said on Wednesday, in comments that have not gone down well with Sena and highlighted continued differences between the two parties over power-sharing.
“Pehle vishwas phir vistar (first the trust vote and then expansion,” Fadnavis told reporters when asked if Shiv Sena ministers would be inducted before his government seeks a trust vote in the Assembly on November 12.
Fadnavis said talks about Sena’s participation in the government were on at an “appropriate level” and the announcement regarding it will be made in Delhi.
Party sources said Union Ministers Arun Jaitley and Dharmendra Pradhan were holding discussions with Sena interlocutors.
Fadnavis’ statement has peeved Sena with a party MP  saying BJP was not interested in getting it on board with respect and that Shiv Sena would sit in the opposition if no “respectable solution” to end the uncertainty over its participation in the government was found by Saturday.
Fadnavis said talks about Sena’s participation in the government were on at an “appropriate level” and the announcement regarding it will be made in Delhi. (Source: IE photo)
“After hearing Fadnavis, the feeling amongst us has only got stronger that they (BJP) are not really interested in  getting us on board with respect. He being the CM can say what he wants to. But if they do not come up with a respectable solution by Saturday, we would have to sit in the opposition,” he told PTI, requesting anonymity.
He, however, said the final call will be taken by Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
Uddhav has, meanwhile, called a meeting of newly-elected Sena legislators and other leaders on Sunday to nominate the leader of the 63-member Shiv Sena Legislature Party. The new MLAs have authorised Uddhav to nominate their leader.
“Uddhavji will chair the meeting at 4 pm on Sunday where he will nominate the new leader of the Legislature Party in the Assembly,” a confidante of the Sena chief told PTI.
He added that the outcome of discussions with BJP by Saturday will decide if Sena’s group leader will hold a ‘key position’ in Devendra Fadnavis government or be the Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly.
“Let us see if we can get to a conclusion by Saturday. That will decide what post will our group leader occupy,” he said. The final decision, he said, will rest with the Sena president.
With 63 MLAs, Shiv Sena is the second largest party in the 288-member Assembly after BJP’s 121.
One of the major sticking points in Sena joining Fadnavis government has been its demand for the post of deputy chief minister. The party also continued…

Stock futures surge after GOP sweepFutures surge on GOP election wave
By: William Cummings November 5, 2014 4:52 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Wall Street investors drove major market index futures higher, Wednesday, after the Republican party secured control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years on Tuesday.
Here is where futures stood ahead of the opening bell:
Dow: + 03%
S&P: + 0.4%
Nasdaq: + 0.5%
Historically, Wall Street thrives with a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
MORE:  GOP sweep could spur stocks
In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.4%, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index dropped 0.6% and the Shanghai composite fell 0.5%.
European benchmarks posted strong gains, with Britain’s FTSE 100 up 0.9%, Germany’s DAX 1.3% higher and France’s CAC 40 up 1.2%.

Advani lauds Vallabhbhai PatelAdvani lauds Vallabhbhai Patel
http://usat.ly/1tbPyQWPolitical firsts: How history was made this midterm election
The midterm elections on Nov. 4 were groundbreaking for several reasons. Here are five history-making firsts.
Post to Facebook
Political firsts: How history was made this midterm election The midterm elections on Nov. 4 were groundbreaking for several reasons. Here are five history-making firsts. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qpf5pH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
44
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Political firsts: How history was made this midterm election
USA Today Network Lindsay Deutsch , USA TODAY Network 11:07 a.m. EST November 5, 2014
Video Keywords US senate George W Bush Hawkeye State Tim Scott US history upstate New York GOP presidential candidate Scott Walker Harvard grad Virginia south Carolina Wisconsin Utah Iowa New York
Election night 2014 brought several "firsts" across the country. With their victories, these are the elected officials who made history on Tuesday night. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Along with the GOP sweep of the US senate many
00:06  firsts we celebrated election night. In south Carolina Republican Tim Scott
00:10  became the first African American senator to win election in the
00:13  south since we construction. Okay. Scotsman also makes him the first
00:20  African American in US history to be elected to both the
00:24  house and the senate. It was Virginia Republican Alex Mooney became
00:28  the first Latino elected to congress in the State's history was
00:31  Virginia also elected its first female senator Republican Shelley Moore capital.
00:38  Jenny Kurtz made Hawkeye State history as the first woman elected
00:41  to either chamber of congress from Iowa and wind picking up
00:48  becomes the only state to have never elected a female governor
00:51  or sent a woman to congress. Republican meal love nearly defeated
00:55  her democratic rival in Utah making her the first black Republican
00:59  women to be elected to the US house. Meanwhile Republican at
01:02  least funny of upstate New York is now the youngest female
01:05  to ever win a seat in the house. Just thirty years
01:08  olds to phonics is a Harvard grad who served under president
01:10  George W. Bush and in Wisconsin Republican incumbent Scott Walker became
01:14  the first governor to bring home three victories in just four
01:18  years. Voters first and walker to the governor's mansion in 2010.
01:21  Anyone recall election in 2012. Locker is also been mentioned as
01:25  a possible when he sixteen GOP presidential candidate.
Republican Mia Love celebrates with her father, Jean Maxime Bourdeau, after winning the race for Utah's 4th Congressional District.
(Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP)
18001 CONNECT 181 TWEET 42 LINKEDIN 44 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The midterm elections on Nov. 4 were groundbreaking for several reasons. Here are five history-making firsts:
1. Mia Love of Utah became the first African-American Republican woman (and first Haitian-American) in Congress. It was the former Mayor of Saratoga Springs' second time running for Utah's 4th Congressional District.

230 000 New Jobs Created Last Month  Says SurveyEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

A lone gray wolf may be roaming the north rim of the Grand Canyon for the first time since the 1940sBy Sarah Larimer November 5 Follow @slarimer
Is this a gray wolf? (Courtesy the Center for Biological Diversity)
The last time a gray wolf was seen prowling near the north rim of the Grand Canyon? That was decades ago. Decades. I mean, it was during the early 1940s. FDR was president!
But that streak might be over. The Center for Biological Diversity says a gray wolf might have been spotted in the area this fall. A few people have even taken photos, including the one posted above. Officials are now investigating, according to reports .
"We're pretty excited about it," Michael Robinson, a conservation advocate with the nonprofit, told The Post on Tuesday.
(Kathy Davidoff/Courtesy of the Center for Biological Diversity)
Robinson said the wolf, which the Arizona-based group "strongly" suspects is from the northern Rocky Mountains, appears to be wearing a radio collar, which isn't working. But if authorities can successfully track the animal, they might be able to try to determine its DNA using other testing methods.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service representatives told Live Science and National Geographic that they were working to collect a feces sample from the animal, which would help determine whether it is, in fact, a gray wolf -- or perhaps a hybrid.
"Until more is known about this animal, visitors to the area are cautioned that this may be a wolf from the northern Rocky Mountain population and fully protected under the Endangered Species Act," the agency told Live Science in a statement.
For what it's worth, Robinson said he doesn't think the animal looks like a hybrid -- at least in photos. Its tail isn't curving the way it might with a hybrid, for example, and its facial appearance and ears seem like those of a gray wolf.
"The things that would be red flags to me, I'm not seeing," he said.
Gray wolves once abundant "across most of the continental United States," according to Live Science.
But the predators were aggressively hunted and sometimes killed for bounties through the early 20th century. By the mid-20th century, the only places gray wolves could be found below the Canadian border were a sliver of land in northern Minnesota and Michigan's Isle Royale.
The species was then protected under the Endangered Species Act in the 1970s. Conservation efforts and reintroduction programs helped gray wolves return to parts of their range. There are now more than 5,000 gray wolves in the continental United States, primarily in the western Great Lakes states of Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin, and the northern Rocky Mountain states of Idaho, Montana and Wyoming, as well as eastern Oregon and Washington.
For people like Robinson, the recent gray wolf sighting might be a signal that the population might grow in the Grand Canyon's north rim region. (He said that the center has been told that the animal wouldn't be shipped back to the Rocky Mountains, but instead released onsite.)
"It's like this wolf is voting with its four paws to stay in an area that scientists have found to be good for wolves," he said.
(Kathy Davidoff/Courtesy of the Center for Biological Diversity)

JSPL shares dips over 5 per cent post Q2 earningsJSPL shares dips over 5 per cent post Q2 earnings
Redington India Q2 net rises 12.9 pc to Rs 85.95 crRedington India Q2 net rises 12.9 pc to Rs 85.95 cr
Intel Capital puts $62m in 16 companies; to invest $355m this yearIntel Capital puts $62m in 16 companies; to invest $355m this year
Parrikar meets Shah amid speculation of Cabinet berthParrikar meets Shah amid speculation of Cabinet berth
Website navigation best practices0
A button that says “what we do” doesn’t say what you do. Although it clearly tells a visitor where to learn more, it doesn’t communicate instantly. If your navigation lists your main products or services, it will be obvious, at a glance, what your company does. You can save them the click (and possibly reduce your bounce rate) if your navigation says it all up front.
Use your main navigation as a place to start telling people and search engines about what you do. Use labels that use top-of-mind phrases for visitors and popular keyphrases according to the  Google Keyword Planner .
2. Limit the number of menu items to seven.
Some websites have literally hundreds of links on the home page. That’s bad. Limiting the number of links in your main navigation is good for two reasons:
• Good for search engines: Your home page typically has the most “authority” with search engines, because there are more links to it from other sites than to your interior pages. This authority is often called “link juice” and it flows down to deeper pages through the navigation.If your home page has tons of links, this dilutes the authority and trust passed down to the interior pages. The more concise your navigation, the more link juice will flow to these pages and the more likely they are to rank. Tip! Check the number of links and buttons on your home page with a  Link Juice Calculator . You might be surprised at how many there are!
• Good for visitors: Short term memory famously holds only seven items. Visually, eight is a LOT more than seven. Fewer items means that visitors are more likely to see and remember them all. If you have too many, visitors’ eyes may scan past important items.Tip! Each time you remove a menu item (or anything else) from a page, everything left becomes more prominent and is more likely to be seen and considered.
It takes discipline to make the tough decisions. You can do it. Challenge yourself to trim it down to five!
3. Avoid drop down menus
Popular, yes. But not really a good idea. Avoiding drop down menus is good for two reasons:
• Good for search engines:Drop down menus can be difficult for search engines to crawl. Depending on how they’re programed, they may lead to problems.
• Good for visitors: Usability studies show that  drop down menus are annoying . Here’s why: visitors move their eyes much faster than they move their mouse. When they move their mouse to a menu item, they’ve likely already decided to click…and then you gave them more options. It’s a hiccup in the mind of the visitor.More importantly, drop downs encourage visitors to skip important pages. If you’re using drop downs, you can easily see this problem in your Analytics.
Note: mega drop down menus with lots of options  test well in usability studies . If you have a big site with lots of pages, they may be a really good idea!
This may not be as easy to fix using your content management system. If not, plan to avoid these next time you redesign your site.
Bonus tip: Order matters
It’s a core principal of web design: first give visitors what they want, then they might give you what you want. (Wow, I should  tweet that! ). We should always seek to put the things that are most important to visitors in prominent places.
In website navigation, just like any list, items at the beginning and the end are most effective, because this is where attention and retention are highest. It’s called “serial position effect,” and it’s because of two principals: primacy and recency. Chefs use this trick when writing their restaurant menus.
So put the most popular items at the beginning of the navigation. Not sure what those are? Just look at your Analytics.
Bottom Line
Ideally, navigation is easy to change. A good site is flexible, letting you move things around if necessary. Make sure the labels and order of navigation items are set up to work for human visitors and search engine robots. Your Analytics will thank you for it!

ADM 3rd quarter profit rises on solid processing margins0
ADM rivals Cargill and Bunge have blamed slow farmer selling for disappointing results in their most recent quarters. But both forecast stronger results in the current quarter as big harvests in the Northern Hemisphere replenish depleted stocks, which should also benefit ADM.
ADM, Bunge, Cargill and Louis Dreyfus Corp comprise the four large global grain players, dubbed the “ABCD,” which dominate the flow of agricultural commodities around the world.
Operating profit in ADM's corn processing segment nearly doubled to $356 million from $180 million a year ago. Tumbling corn prices and strong ethanol demand more than offset the impact from lower sweetener and starch selling prices.
Profit in agricultural services, ADM's largest segment in terms of revenues, jumped 59 percent to $159 million despite seasonally lower U.S. crop exports ahead of the fall harvest.
ADM said its previously announced buyback of 18 million shares was ahead of its year-end target, adding that it expects to repurchase another 10 million shares by the end of 2014.

India s southeast coast may face another cyc...India's southeast coast may face another cyclone
Madhvi Sally, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 06.23PM IST
Tags:
Ashobaa
(As per MET, very heavy rainfall…)
NEW DELHI: The southeast coast is at risk of facing another cyclone, as a weather system that has developed over the Bay of Bengal could intensify into a deep depression. The met department said it was early to say if it would develop into a cyclone and was watching its movement.
If the depression develops into a cyclone, it would be called Ashobaa - a name suggested by Sri Lanka , one of the eight countries the India Meteorological Department issues cyclone advisories to.
After this, another weather system is moving towards the Andaman Sea from Gulf of Thailand and is likely to reach by the weekend, meteorologists said.
As per the meteorological department, very heavy rainfall is likely over Andaman and Nicobar Islands in the next two days, with wind speed of 45-55 kmph, gusting to 65 kmph.
"It's still too early to comment if it will become a cyclone. We are currently giving a warning of heavy rains over Andaman and Nicobar," said Mrutunjay Mohapatra, chief of the department's cyclone warning division.
A depression is a tropical disturbance which has maximum surface winds of 32-50 kmph. Once the wind speed reaches 51-59 kmph, it becomes deep depression, and at 60 kmph, it is classified as cyclonic storm.
GP Sharma, vice president of meteorology at Skymet Weather Services, a private weather forecaster, said the prevailing system would weaken gradually over the next 48 hours.
The US Navy's Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii said that the area of convection was about 390 nautical miles (about 720 kms) southeast of Visakhapatnam.
October and November are the peak months for development of cyclones over the Bay of Bengal and Arabian Sea, and, on an average, five cyclones develop every year. This year has seen three so far, Nanauk in June and Hudhud and Nilofar in October.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asia s richest man buys 60 aircraft in $ 2.5...In August, the property flagship announced plans to purchase Dublin-based AWAS in a$ 5 billion deal that involve 100 aircraft. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: A property flagship led by Asia's richest tycoon Li Ka-shing said today it plans to buy up to 60 passenger jets in a series of transactions that amount to more than $ 2.5 billion.
The Hong Kong businessman made his first major foray into the aviation industry in August by announcing plans to buy into Irish aircraft leasing group AWAS, and the new purchases expand his investments into a field that can yield stable and long-term cash flow, analysts have said.
A filing written by Cheung Kong Holdings for the southern Chinese city's Stock Exchange late yesterday said that the plan was to buy the Boeing and Airbus aircraft from GE Capital Aviation Services Ltd, BOC Aviation Pte, Jackson Square Aviation, LLC, and MC Aviation Partners Inc.
The company confirmed today that the total number of jets was around 60.
The deals are worth a total of more than $ 2.52 billion, Dow Jones Newswire reported.
Li is reaching out to the sector as premium airlines cut costs amid fierce competition from a growing number of budget carriers in Asia .
Last year, China lifted a six-year ban on creating private airlines, helping fuel demand for aircraft.
The deals also include acquisitions worth $ 800 million made through a joint venture formed with a subsidiary of Japanese Mitsubishi Corp, Dow Jones reported.
Li commands a vast empire through Cheung Kong Holdings and conglomerate Hutchison Whampoa, with global assets in property, telecoms, utilities, ports and retail.
In August, the property flagship announced plans to purchase Dublin-based AWAS in a$ 5 billion deal that involve 100 aircraft.

Skoda Octavia 44 launched inEuropeOn offer in the new Skoda Octavia 4x4 sedan, there will be a choice of one petrol and three diesel engines.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 7:04 pm
Skoda has launched an all wheel drive version of the popular Octavia sedan for European markets. Unlike India, the Skoda Octavia is available in sedan and estate body-styles in European markets. The new version, badged as the Octavia 4×4, joins the list of the European Octavia range that includes normal sedan, estate car, AWD estate (Scout), vRS sedan and vRS estate.
On offer in the new Skoda Octavia 4×4 sedan, there will be a choice of one petrol and three diesel engines. The petrol is a 1.8-litre TSI green-tec unit that develops 180PS of power and comes mated to a six-speed DSG transmission only. The claimed fuel efficiency of this variant is around 15 km/l in the European running cycle.
Performance is brisk, too, with a claimed 0-100 km/h time of 7.4 seconds and top speed of 229 km/h.
Diesel variants will come in three engine options- a 1.6-litre 105PS, a 2.0-litre 150PS and a 2.0-litre 184PS. The range-topping 184PS version of the 2.0-litre TDI green-tec diesel engine is claimed to return an efficiency of about 20 km/l in the European cycle while performance is equally impressive with the car hitting 0-100 km/h in a claimed 7.1 seconds. The top speed is 228 km/h (claimed).
The drivetrain of both the petrol and diesel versions will employ a 4×4 system based on the fifth-generation Haldex clutch all-wheel-drive technology to deliver optimal grip and control on different terrains. In addition, this system comes with an electronic differential lock (EDL) as standard across the range, which acts as a boon on tricky/slushy road conditions.
The Haldex 5 all wheel drive system on the Octavia 4×4 does not work permanently.
Instead, it’s an intelligent system that makes efficient use of the four-wheel drive system. Under normal conditions, the system sends all of the power to front wheels just like it is in a standard front-wheel drive car. Power to the rear wheels is only sent if a loss in traction or slip is detected. The system works so effortlessly that the power transition between the front and rear wheels goes unnoticed to the driver or the occupants in the car.
The addition of a 4×4 system on the Octavia sedan will increase the all-weather capabilities of the car. The Octavia sedan, even if we talk about the Indian version, is a good combination of style, space, functionality, comfort and safety at a competitive price. The inclusion of a 4×4 version in European markets only makes it even more appealing.

Unitech grp co sells 6 realty projects for R...You are here: Home > Collections
Unitech group company sells 6 realty projects for Rs 1,850 crore
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 06.53PM IST
Tags:
Brookfield Asset Management
(UCP, the London listed Unitech group…)
NEW DELHI: Unitech Corporate Parks (UCP), the London listed Unitech group firm, today said the company has completed a deal to sell its stakes in six IT-SEZ projects in India to Canada's Brookfield Asset Management for 188.9 million pounds (about Rs 1,850 crore).
However, the total sale proceeds are lower than the amount agreed initially in June at Rs 2,050 crore.
In June, UCP had signed the agreement to sell its 60 per cent stake in the six projects to Brookfield for about 205.9 million pounds (Rs 2,050 crore). Separately, Unitech had also sold its 40 per cent stakes in 4 projects to Brookfield.
With completion of sale of UCP's stake in six projects and Unitech's 40 per cent stake in four projects, sources said that Unitech is likely to receive around Rs 1,500 crore from this entire deal and the fund would be used to retire debt.
Unitech's net debt stood at around Rs 5,900 crore at the end of June quarter.
UCP and Unitech were jointly developing five IT special economic zones (SEZs) and one IT Park in Gurgaon, Noida and Kolkata. In these six projects, UCP held 60 per cent stake and Unitech 40 per cent. That apart, Unitech had direct stake of about 13-14 per cent in UCP.
Recently, the Board of Approval (BoA) for SEZs has cleared the deal of UCP to sell its stake in the 5 SEZs in India to Brookfield Asset Management.
In a statement, UCP said: "The Board of UCP is pleased to announce completion today of the sale of the entire issued share capital of Candor, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary and holding company for all UCP's property interests".
"The consideration received from Brookfield today amounted to £188.9 million which reflects the announced sale price of £205.9 million less an adjustment of £15.8 million in relation to certain funds placed with two financial institutions which had not been repaid by completion and £1.2 million in relation to payments made by Candor to or on behalf of UCP prior to completion," it added.
UCP said its Board would write to shareholders in November to outline proposals for an initial cash distribution.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi proposes allowing foreign VCs in infra ...You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
Sebi proposes allowing foreign VCs in infra investment firms
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 07.03PM IST
Tags:
finance
(Sebi today proposed allowing…)
MUMBAI: Capital markets regulator Sebi today proposed allowing Foreign Venture Capital Investors (FVCIs) in Core Investment Companies (CICs) for infrastructure sector to help attract overseas funds in this space.
The final norms would be put in place after taking into account public comments on the proposal and amending existing regulations.
Releasing a concept paper, Sebi said the proposal is aimed at "removing any hindrance for investment in the infrastructure sector through the FVCI route and to boost the infrastructure sector in the country".
According to the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), India requires Rs 65 lakh crore investment in infrastructure.
Sebi said the proposal is based on the fact that CICs are essentially holding companies and do not engage in financing activity similar to other NBFCs. Therefore, the proposal does not go against the intent of the FVCI Regulations of not allowing FVCI investment in non-banking financial services.
"The proposal is expected to infuse funds into the infrastructure sector which is crucial for development of the country and has vast positive spillover effects over various other sectors and the entire economy.
"This proposal to allow investment by FVCIs in CICs investing in infrastructure companies has also been endorsed by the Government of India and Reserve Bank of India. The proposal is one of the recommendations of High Level Committee on Financing of Infrastructure," Sebi said.
It is proposing that the negative list under the FVCI Regulations "is suitably modified to replace 'equipment leasing and hire purchase companies' with Asset Finance Companies and Infrastructure Finance Companies", Sebi added.
Public comments have been sought till November 15.
Currently, Sebi's FVCI norms do not permit these foreign funds to invest in Non-Banking Financial Services (NBFCs). Therefore, FVCIs are not allowed to invest in CICs under the FVCI Regulations since CICs are classified as NBFCs by RBI.
Sebi has actively encouraged setting up of varied frameworks for investment in infrastructure so that the lack of structures for financing of infrastructure is not an impediment for the development of the sector.
Recently, Sebi notified Infrastructure Investment Trust or InvITs norms to attract more funds in a transparent manner into the infrastructure sector.
FVCIs are investors incorporated and established outside India investing primarily in venture capital undertakings in India either directly or through venture capital funds or alternative investment funds (AIFs).
As on September 30, there are 197 FVCIs registered with Sebi with a cumulative net investment of Rs 42,776 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yamaha unveils 2015 R1 at EICMA2014Unlike the previous R1s, the new R1 will be available in two guises, the base R1 and R1.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 7:21 pm
Yamaha has unveiled the next generation model of it’s legendary flagship supersport bike, the YZF-R1. Entirely different from the previous generation models, the new 2015 R1 is heavily inspired from the track-focused YZR-M1 both in terms of styling and gadgetry.
Unlike the previous R1s, the new R1 will be available in two guises, the base R1 and R1. While the prices haven’t been revealed at the time of launch, Yamaha has stated that the new bikes will be up for sale from February-March 2015, with the European markets being the first ones to receive them. The R1 M, though, will be a limited edition variant which will be more track-focused and available in selected markets only.
The new 2015 R1 is styled on the lines of it’s MotoGP machine M1, and features a new carbon fairing and high screen design, front ram air intake on the fairing, LED position lights, hidden projector headlamps and new side mounted single titanium exhaust which replaces the underseat dual exhausts of the previous generation model. The R1 M, in addition, gets front carbon fairing and the under body panel, rear swingarm, asymmetric deltabox frame and fuel tank made of aluminium, which help in achieving a reduced overall weight for it.
On the equipment front, the new R1 is blessed with 6-axis Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) with Gyro and G sensors, Traction Control, Slide Control, Front Lift Control, Quickshifter mechanism, Launch Control, ABS and a customizable TFT LCD instrument console. The more performance-oriented R1 M, though, also gets electronically adjustable Ohlin forks, telemetry in the seat, magnesium alloy wheels, specially developed softer Bridgestone tyres and a data logging system with an integrated GPS which allows the rider to pre-upload data to it through an Android app, as additional.
The new 2015 R1 comes bolstered with a new four-stroke, in-line four-cylinder 998cc engine, which pumps out 203PS of power and 112Nm of torque in both R1 and R1 M. The engine comes married to a six-speed gearbox and is assisted with crossplane crankshaft, bidirectional fuel injectors and slipper clutch. The other mechanical essentials on both the bikes include a suspension combination of front 43mm telescopic forks and rear truss-type aluminium swingarm with monoshock, as well as a braking setup of dual discs at front and a single disc at rear.

http://usat.ly/1tbJmZ4Nation's first soda tax is passed
Berkeley, Calif. became the first U.S. city to pass a law taxing sugary drinks including sodas.
Post to Facebook
Nation's first soda tax is passed Berkeley, Calif. became the first U.S. city to pass a law taxing sugary drinks including sodas. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tZpJsk
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
37
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Nation's first soda tax is passed
USA Today Network Laura Mandaro , USA TODAY Network 9:08 a.m. EST November 5, 2014
The city of Berkeley on Tuesday November 4, 2014 became the first in the nation to pass a tax on soda.
(Photo: AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
7102 CONNECT 399 TWEET 79 LINKEDIN 37 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Berkeley, Calif., became the first U.S. city to pass a law taxing sugary drinks including sodas.
More than three-quarters of the votes cast were in favor of Measure D, according to the Alameda County Registrar of Voters. The measure will place a 1-cent-an-ounce tax on soft drinks.  It only needed a majority of "yes" votes to pass.
In nearby San Francisco, city voters rejected a similar measure to tax sugary drinks. The measure needed two-thirds of the vote to approve the two-cent tax.
Proponents of the Berkeley tax say the fee will help curb  consumption of sodas, energy drinks and sweetened iced teas, beverages they say are contributing to the nation's obesity epidemic.
That argument echoes calls made by other cities that have also tried to pass soda taxes but have failed in the face of well-funded opposition from soda manufacturers. Notably, former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's attempted ban on large-size sugary beverages was blocked by a New York state judge.
Berkeley, which makes flouting the national norm a point of pride, managed to override its own soda-backed opposition.
"Berkeley has a proud history of setting nationwide trends, such as non-smoking sections in restaurants and bars, curb cuts for wheelchairs, curbside recycling and public school food policies," said Vicki Alexander, co-chair of the group campaigning to pass Measure D, in a statement announcing a victory for the campaign.
The win may make it a leader, or just simply an outlier.
Roger Salazar, a representative of the $10 million opposition campaign in Berkeley and San Francisco that was funded by soft-drink manufacturers, said the Berkeley vote meant little nationally.
"Berkeley is very eclectic. It doesn't look like Anytown USA," he told the Associated Press.
MORE ELECTIONS FROM USA TODAY

Homecoming queen no moreUpdated: November 4, 2014 18:35 IST
Homecoming queen no more
human interest
The Barbie doll is facing the biggest slump she has in years. Unfashionably, sales have fallen and Barbie faces an existential crisis
I am a Barbie girl, in a Barbie world, Life in plastic, it’s fantastic… crooned Barbie in pop-group, Aqua’s hit single ‘Barbie Girl’. However, life in plastic hasn’t been that fantastic for Barbie off late. Mattel, makers of the 50-year-old doll, recently announced a huge decline in Barbie sales, causing the toymakers a loss of $11.2 million dollars. The company’s flagship doll has been on a decline for three consecutive quarters this year and according to a Forbes report, the doll’s gross sales have fallen 14 per cent worldwide.
One may expect little girls with doll’s houses to weep, but, it seems that Barbie’s global demographic prefers Monster High dolls, also by Mattel, and digital games on tablets over the teenage model. Mattel’s Monster High dolls, with names such as Draculaura, Catty Noir and Frankie Stein, seem to have more character than Barbie. Spunky and with a ghoulish stylish, the dolls sport neon-colour streaked hair, dramatic make up and wear thigh-high boots – letting children know that being different is okay.
Barbie, having debuted in 1959 as the world’s first fashion doll, became the first ideal of beauty for many young girls. With her 39-inch bust, 19-inch waist and 33-inch hips, Barbie was far from life-like – in real life she would have had to accommodate her 5’9” frame in size 3 shoes and would have had to walk on all fours. With her scale permanently set at 110lbs, Barbie would have had a BMI of 16.24, making her anorexic. As for her blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes, they further emphasis her unattainable standard of femininity, but also helped turn her into a popular cultural and fashion icon.
Despite the criticisms, however, Barbie still remains a favourite in the doll market with two Barbie dolls being sold every second in the world. Created by Ruth Handler, wife of Elliot Handler (co-founder of the Mattel toy company), Barbie was designed to inspire and ignite the imaginations of little girls. Ruth had watched her daughter, Barbara, and her friends play with paper dolls and noticed how they enjoyed giving them adult roles.
Although, her husband was unenthusiastic at first, during a trip to Germany in 1956, Ruth came back with a toy doll called Bild Lilli that convinced her husband about the success of an adult doll. In many ways, Barbie was far ahead of the toys and women of her time. She was the first woman astronaut to make it to the moon, long before Neil Armstrong had had the chance to moonwalk. And, she was the first woman President of the United States of America – a country that is yet to see a female President.
Talking about the possibility of the doll no longer being available, made 12-year-old Rheya Shivakumar says: “I will be very sad if that happens. My favourite Barbie is the Princess Barbie I received as a gift on my seventh birthday. My sister and I have about 20 Barbie dolls between us.” When asked what she likes most about the doll, she said, “She is so pretty and we really had to use our imagination to play with her.”
Eight-year-old Ananya, however, prefers Barbie games on her iPad over the doll itself. “I can dress her up in different clothes and keep changing them. I don’t have that many clothes for my Barbie dolls and on the iPad there is a lot more,” she says.
Her grandmother, Rama, points out that the Barbie dolls seem to be falling into disuse as Ananya and her friends enjoy games like Temple Run better.
“A lot of these kids spend their time online playing games and dolls fill the gap for barely half hour. Among the reasons for the doll’s decline, I think, would be the price. A Barbie doll in India costs upwards of Rs 500. Cheaper, rip-offs, with more features and accessories, are available for Rs 300. Also, a lot of parents are making a conscious decision to not make Barbie the first toy for their daughters. They want them to do more than imagine that girls are expected to look pretty and play with pots and pans.”

GOP sweep elicits bullish reaction on Wall StreetGOP sweep elicits bullish reaction on Wall Street
By: Adam Shell November 5, 2014 6:20 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The Republican sweep of Congress is official, and stock prices in the USA are rising as investors price in a newly configured Congress that is considered more business-friendly.
In pre-market trading the Dow Jones industrial average was trading more than  50 points higher, the Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index was up 0.4% and the Nasdaq composite was up 0.5%.
The Republican party is perceived as more friendly to markets, as it leans toward lower taxes and less onerous regulations against business. In general, GOP policies are perceived as more growth-friendly.
At the polls, the Republicans secured 52 Senate seats, and added to their seats in the House of Representatives, which they already controlled.
Investors will be looking for help from the Republican-controlled Senate next year on the issue of corporate tax reform. Currently, tax rates for U.S. corporations at home are much higher than corporate taxes in other places around the globe.
“The good news is there may be some long-term growth incentives passed by Congress and pressure the Obama administration to address the issues, like adjusting the corporate tax rates to be more competitive with other countries,” says Pat Adams, a money manager at Choice Investment Management.
Another bullish sign for stocks is the fact that stocks have fared best when both parties of Congress are controlled by the Republicans, and when a Democratic president is sitting in the White House.
 

Why are so many recalled cars still on the roadWhy are so many recalled cars still on the road?
Another recall
Dana Summers / Tribune Content Agency
Dana Summers / Tribune Content Agency
By Drew Harwell, The Washington Post, Washington Post
Record recalls have outpaced near-record car sales by more than 3 times, indicating a broken recall system.
With so many recalls, why are so many ignored? Recall fatigue, lack of replacement parts, contradictory info.
It's the worst year for auto recalls in U.S. history, with more than one in five cars and trucks at risk of sometimes critical, deadly defects. But the disjointed recall system patched together by automakers and regulators is leaving millions of broken vehicles still on the road.
GM crisis spotlights challenging search for ways to reform industry, watchdog ( Brent Snavely, Detroit Free Press )
Federal regulators this week urged the owners of 7.8 million Hondas, Toyotas, BMWs and other vehicles to "take immediate action" on a recall for malfunctioning airbags that blast out metal shards. The defect, tied to Japanese auto parts manufacturer Takata, has been linked to at least two deaths and dozens of injuries.
Those faulty cars and trucks have joined 50 million others recalled nationwide so far this year, more than three times the number of vehicles sold across the country in 2013. But car companies say there's a short supply of parts needed to fix those defects, and safety regulators can't even agree on how many vehicles have the dangerous flaws.
After landmark cases against General Motors and Toyota, automakers are running scared, and some are sounding the alarm over problems that may have once gone ignored. Safety advocates said that is all laying bare the fundamental weaknesses of the broken recall system: neglected warnings, crucial delays and confusing messages that leave even attentive drivers at risk.
8
John Kauffman Jr., 34, said he was driving on the interstate near Hagerstown, Maryland, at dusk on Saturday when his 2011 Chrysler 300 lost all power and began filling up with smoke. To stop, he had to wrestle the car across several lanes of heavy traffic, all while struggling to breathe.
On Monday, having read about a Chrysler recall connected to faulty alternators, Kauffman called the dealership, which told him to tow his car in. But after replacing the part, dealer technicians told him the recall was not yet official, and that he would have to pay the full $1,041 for the repair.
Chrysler spokesman Eric Mayne said that while the company had announced the recall of 470,000 cars and SUVs, it had not been officially launched and Chrysler would not begin notifying drivers until next month. Mayne declined to speak directly to Kauffman's case but said the company would reimburse owners who paid for repairs later blamed on a recall.
"If they know there's a possibility a car can shut down on the interstate, what are they waiting for? A fatality?," Kauffman said. "I told them, 'What if I couldn't get the car off the road? Do you care about that?' And their main thing was: 'Sorry for the inconvenience.'"
Why are so many recalls happening now? Advocates say the auto industry was spooked in March when federal prosecutors announced a $1.2 billion fine against Toyota , the largest criminal penalty for an automaker in the United States, over missteps in Toyota's recall of 10 million cars.
0
That has come alongside the even bigger recall of General Motors. The carmaker waited years to order recalls for millions of cars with faulty ignition switches, which in slipping out of place could disable air bags and cause the cars to stall.
But launching the recall is just the start. Drivers often find a whole series of hurdles that can block them from getting their car's defects fixed.
Nearly one-third of recall notices mailed to vehicle owners are ignored, according to the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, and automakers have been criticized for obscuring how severe the problems can be.
Those defective cars can then spread widely to used car lots and the driveways of unsuspecting buyers. About 3.5 million recalled cars and trucks were listed for sale last year, according to Carfax.
"We're living in what we're now referring to as the year of the automotive recall, and unfortunately the population of drivers may become numb to that," said Mike Rozembajgier, a vice president of Stericycle, a recall consultant and service firm for automakers.
When buyers do respond, they may find that the dealers don't have parts ready for repairs. Honda said it lacks the parts to promptly fix its more than 5 million Accords, Civics, Odysseys and other cars it said this week were at risk of lethal airbags.
And the temporary fixes dealers might make before the needed parts come in can often seem woefully lacking, advocates said. Toyota dealerships will disable air bags and attach notes on the glove box warning against riding in the passenger seat.
The mess of confusing, contradictory information can often cause car owners to give up and ignore the problem.
Regulators have also struggled with even the basic elements of a recall. The Takata recall list that safety regulators shared on Monday was drastically incomplete: The number of defective vehicles has grown by more than 3 million in the days since, and some cars initially recalled weren't defective, after all.
Government websites with information on the recalls, including a search site drivers could use to look up whether their vehicle had problems (www.safercar.gov/vinlookup), were down all Tuesday, in the hours after news of the massive airbag recall had spread, and remained down Wednesday morning.
"If the government agency is confused," said Clarence Ditlow, an executive director for the Center for Auto Safety, a consumer group, "how can you not be confused?"
 

Montgomery County finally strikes deal to remake Wheaton  but at a costBy Jonathan O'Connell October 31 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
New apartments outside the Wheaton Metro station. (Bonnie Jo Mount/The Washington Post)
Montgomery County Executive Isiah Leggett (D) announced a deal last week that he said would finally “reshape” Wheaton with a major development near the Metro station.
He quickly cautioned, however, that the project would not reshape things too much though. “Wheaton is already a great place,” Leggett said in his  press release . “This exciting project will make it even better.”
If there’s anything Montgomery County officials learned in 15 years of trying to build atop a series of parking lots off of Georgia Avenue in the center of Wheaton it’s that it was possible to think too big .
The last iteration called for developer B.F. Saul to turn the lots and a Metro bus depot into a town center featuring two private office buildings, a hotel and 250 high-rise apartments. The project required a subsidy of $40 million, but that might have been palatable had residents and small business owners not harbored fears  – stoked by the arrival of a Costco nearby  – that the development would invite chain restaurants and stores that could threaten local outfits.
When it couldn’t come to terms on a deal with the county, B.F. Saul walked away.
Now Leggett and the Montgomery County Council finally have their deal to build a town square in the center of Wheaton. It’s a smaller plan and one that is much more expensive but it provides the county government much more control.
In the arrangement, announced by Leggett Oct. 24 after approval by the council, the county will pay $119 million — three times the investment required of the previous plan — to developers StonebridgeCarras of Bethesda and the Bozzuto Group of Greenbelt. The companies will build a town plaza with a performance stage and water feature, a 400-space underground parking garage and a 12-story office building. Next door the developers will build a 200-unit apartment building, parking and retail.
A rendering of the town plaza being designed for Wheaton. (Courtesy StonebridgeCarras)
In the deal — unlike the one it considered with B.F. Saul — the county will own almost everything that gets built. It will own the town plaza. It will own the parking garage. It will own the office building, where it plans to relocate  the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission, the county Department of Permitting Services, the county Department of Environmental Protection, the Mid-County Regional Services Center and Wheaton Urban District.
The county will even own all the retail space, in the office building and the apartment building. Once the park and planning commission leaves its headquarters at 8787 Georgia Ave.  in Silver Spring, the county has agreed as part of the redevelopment plan to sell the current headquarters building (built in 1953) to StonebridgeCarras and Bozzuto for $17 million, where they will build a second apartment building.
Not every county government would be comfortable owning and operating so much real estate but Ana L. van Balen, mid-county regional director, said she was confident the county had negotiated a deal that met the community’s requests.
“I think there has been a general sense particularly from community members that they wanted an open space in the heart of Wheaton. Having seen the development in Silver Spring with the civic plaza down there, there was an interest to see something similar,” she said.
The redevelopment plans: to the left the public plaza, in the center a county office building, to the right an apartment tower. Georgia Avenue runs along the bottom of the image and Grandview Avenue runs along the top. (Courtesy Montgomery County)
An important difference, she said, was that Wheaton residents wanted to be sure their local retailers would be protected. By owning all of the retail space, she said the “idea would be to have retail on both sides of the street and be mindful not to bring in anything that would be in competition to those existing businesses.”
Al Roshdieh, deputy director at the county department of transportation, also defended the cost of the deal, particularly because at least 20 percent of the units in the apartment building would be made affordable to households making 50 percent or less of the area median income (AMI).
He said construction could start in 2016 and the county offices could relocate in 2018. “We wanted to make sure we get the right project in this area and activate downtown Wheaton,” he said.
StonebridgeCarras principal Doug Firstenberg said it didn’t make sense for the county to lease office space when it could own it. The risks to his company and Bozzuto are that construction proves more expensive than they budgeted or the market rate apartments don’t attract high enough rents.
Despite the costs, he said his success in getting the project approved came down to a simple reason, and it wasn’t naming the right price.
“Here’s the big difference between us and all the predecessors that tried to make the town center work,” he said. “We came up with a plan that meshed with what the community wanted.”
Correction: An earlier version of this story misspelled Al Roshdieh’s last name.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

This Election IS About Obamacare For These Uninsured PeopleMedicaid Expansion For Millions Hinges On Key Governors' Races
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- The last few years of Tarika Collins’ life have been a series of horrendous medical complications.  Four separate car accidents in 2012 left her with nerve damage in her back. That same year, she was diagnosed with an aortic valve leak, which, over time, led to heart disease. In 2013, she had a heart attack, which resulted in the installation of a stent in her coronary artery. Months later, she had to have neck surgery. She was told that without it, she may end up paralyzed.
Collins is just 45. But the parade of horribles leaves her with intense anxiety. She has been unable to work since leaving her job as a corporate travel agent following her heart attack. Today, she says, “It is very rare that I leave the house.”
Collins is among the nearly 5 million Americans estimated to be too poor for Obamacare, because of actions by the Supreme Court and Republican politicians in 23 states .
Collins estimates she has made a dozen trips to the hospital emergency room in the past few years. Having sold all her assets to pay for her care, she's now about $500,000 in debt and is hosting Internet fundraising drives to help with the bills. Absent a breakthrough with disability insurance (she has a court date in December), Collins has one last hope: That on Tuesday, voters in her state of Florida send a message through the ballot box that they want an expansion of Medicaid.
“It would get me in the system,” Collins, of Clearwater, said. “I would be able to get some health care. For me, it would mean a longer lifespan.”
“Mostly, the emotions I feel are scared,” she said of her wait for the outcome of the race between Gov. Rick Scott, a Republican, and former Gov. Charlie Crist, a Democrat. “Scared that it could go either way. I’m scared I’m going to die before [Medicaid expansion] comes.”
There are two threads of conventional wisdom heading into Tuesday's midterm election. The first is that the election doesn't much matter. Regardless which party controls the Senate, President Barack Obama will still occupy the White House, which means gridlock will remain, if not escalate. The second is that, when it comes to Obamacare, the status quo will remain in place for at least the next two years. Senate Republicans may push for repeal votes. But Obama will veto them. Smaller reforms may pass. But the law will mostly remain intact.
What these threads ignore is that for millions of Americans, Tuesday's election may have life-altering consequences on the issue of Obamacare. At least six states have close gubernatorial elections featuring an incumbent Republican who has resisted expanding Medicaid -- an option states were given by the Supreme Court in 2012. Avalere Health, a strategic advisory services firm, has estimated that in Florida, Georgia, Kansas, Maine, and Wisconsin, almost 2.3 million people have been left uninsured because of that resistance.
"As we looked at it, we came to the conclusion that this is a very important election for the future of Medicaid," said Dan Mendelson, founder and CEO of Avalere Health. "And these six gubernatorial elections are the best examples of that. There are a number of other states where if the balance shifts even subtly, the balance will shift toward Medicaid expansion."
GOP governors and legislators say they base their opposition to Medicaid expansion on the potential cost to their state, despite the availability of generous federal funding . The result of their refusal to approve expansion are clear: The uninsured rate has declined much more in states that adopted the policy than in those that haven't, surveys show.
Denise Sock, of Presque Isle, Maine, sees Tuesday as potentially life-altering for her medical care. Sock, 51, has been unemployed and uninsured since October 2012, when she lost her job after being sidelined by a work-related injury. She suffers from a slew of chronic health problems, including diabetes and very high cholesterol and triglyceride numbers, she says. Her conditions worsened because she couldn't afford care, and she has thousands of dollars in medical debt she can't pay.
"I have fought depression. I have figured, you know, maybe the world was better off if I wasn't around. Why am I even trying to keep fighting?" Sock says.
Sock's husband has been without a job since 2009, so their 27-year-old daughter, Tasha Stetson, moved home with her own 2-year-old daughter, and is covering the family's household expenses while she can.
Medicaid expansion would "make a huge difference," Sock says. "It would alleviate a lot of the burden off my daughter."
Standing in the way is Maine's governor, Paul LePage (R), who has blocked the state legislature's five attempts to expand Medicaid . Maine is the only New England state that hasn't accepted the mostly federally funded expansion of the benefit to more poor residents.
Sock's health coverage predicament is tied to two decisions LePage made. In addition to rejecting the Obamacare Medicaid expansion, LePage actually scaled back Medicaid eligibility this year , taking away benefits from tens of thousands and denying it to people like Sock, who might have qualified under the state's old rules.
Six months ago, the women at Sock's church pooled money so she could see her doctor, have blood tests, and get her prescriptions renewed. The results confirmed what she already felt: She had gotten much sicker.
"I was basically among the walking dead. My blood work was so bad because I hadn't had most of my medication in two years because I couldn't afford them," Sock says.
Sock tried signing up for Obamacare, only to learn she fell into the coverage gap. The federally run health insurance exchange sent her to MaineCare, the state's Medicaid program, which sent her back to the exchange.
"It's a vicious cycle, and I'm not getting anywhere," Sock says.
For Sock and others, the coverage gap seems like an Obamacare promise unfulfilled. Athena Ford Smith, advocacy director for the Florida Community Health Action Information Network, also known as Florida CHAIN, says people are often crestfallen when they learn they're actually too poor to get covered.
"The most painful part of my work and of our work as health care advocates is looking somebody in the eye and saying, 'I'm sorry. There's no help for you,'" Ford Smith says. "A lot of consumers do think that it's the health care law that created that coverage gap."
In fact, the Affordable Care Act intended the Medicaid expansion to be national. But the Supreme Court ruling and resistance from Republican policymakers have shortened its reach, leaving the poorest uninsured Americans with no coverage. Because Congress didn't anticipate Medicaid wouldn't be available to everyone with earnings below poverty, tax credits for private insurance only are available to people who make more than that, which is about $11,500 for a single person.
While Tuesday's elections may spark the process that can close the coverage gap in up to six states, simply electing a new governor doesn't guarantee it will happen. State legislatures have resisted Medicaid expansion, even in states where the governor is supportive (see: Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, or Missouri, Jay Nixon). Even in Florida, Gov. Scott nominally supported the expansion, but has not persuaded lawmakers to follow through. Advocates say Scott has barely tried.
Those same advocates argue that an election win for a Medicaid-backing governor candidate would send a powerful message to state lawmakers. And it may accelerate the existing trend of Republican-run or Republican-leaning states softening their opposition to the expansion, as have Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett and other Republican governors who have taken up the Medicaid expansion.
"We hope on Jan. 1 that our leaders will move immediately to close the coverage gap. This must be a priority," Ford Smith says.
In Kansas, state Rep. Jim Ward (D) says he will reintroduce legislation to expand Medicaid in the next session, regardless of who wins the governor's race. He recognizes that it remains a challenge, even if Gov. Sam Brownback (R) is to lose on Tuesday. The state remains Republican-leaning. And the statehouse has a big say in the matter. But the tide of public opinion in turning, Ward adds.
"It is not over with the change in governor, but it changes the whole discussion from, 'We don't even talk about it,' to 'It is something we will be talking about every day, it is something we would be pushing every day,'" Ward says. "I hate to speak for Paul [Davis, the Democratic candidate] because he speaks so well for himself. But his win changes the whole conversation.
"For about 150,000 to 180,000 Kansans," Ward adds, "the stakes couldn't be higher."
Also on HuffPost:

The politics of memoryTweet
PTI Those muttering retreats Trilokpuri, time and again visited by communal violence
Whether it is 1984 or 2002, Muzaffarnagar or Trilokpuri, the name of the game is shedding crocodile tears
On the day of Indira Gandhi’s assassination which coincides with Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel’s birth anniversary, Prime Minister Narendra Modi made two significant departures from the tradition set by the Congress. He commemorated Sardar Patel’s birth anniversary by terming October 31 as ‘National Unity Day’ and participated in a ‘Run for Unity’ organised by the Government. Simultaneously, he described the anti-Sikh riots following Indira Gandhi’s assassination as a “dagger through India’s heart” while leaving the Congress to commemorate her memory.
Both were striking moves — if there is such a thing as the political significance of invoking collective memory or commemorating historical figures. The BJP has clearly learnt a lot from the Congress which converted remembering and airbrushing the Nehru-Gandhi memory into statecraft.
Revisiting history
Accordingly, the ruling party is now busy resurrecting and adopting other historical figures while simultaneously following its time-tested strategy to seek redressal for perceived historical wrongs. Just as the Babri mosque was once demolished to avenge the mythical demolition of a temple in Ayodhya, the resurrection of Sardar Patel, Lal Bahadur Shastri, Subhas Chandra Bose and even Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi is being done to avenge their perceived denigration in favour of Jawaharlal Nehru by the Congress. While that is a work in progress, the Prime Minister’s even more political move was to term the 1984 riots a “dagger through India’s heart”.
Ideally, an assertion of this nature by the head of the government should precede genuine efforts to ensure that the guilty of 1984 are brought to justice. Difficult as it is to expect material evidence and witnesses in criminal trials to withstand three decades of expunction, a vigilant prosecution can at least make a fresh attempt to bring the cases against Congress leaders Sajjan Kumar and Jagdish Tytler to their logical conclusion.
But all this will happen only if the Prime Minister’s statement is a commitment to ensure justice and not a cynical exercise to pit one riot over another to counter his political opponents — which is what it suspiciously sounds like.
False notes
Already, the few political activists who have doggedly pursued the 1984 cases, such as lawyer and Aam Aadmi Partyleader HS Phoolka, have underlined the BJP’s insincerity in the whole affair, not least because the ruling establishment has not yet notified the Special Investigation Team that the Delhi Government instituted soon after assuming power last winter. Moreover, the BJP’s record in government from 1998 to 2004 is abysmal so far as following up the anti-Sikh riot cases in the courts is concerned.
Given AAP’s general churlishness and diminished credibility, the Prime Minister’s political positioning over the riots remains unquestioned and unexamined. The Congress, naturally, can only be expected to keep its head down in the hope that it was a seasonal bout of self-righteousness to diminish the commemoration of Indira Gandhi’s assassination. In any case, it can hardly blame the BJP for selective commemoration of history or discriminating between victims of communal riots.
After all, for the 10 long years that the UPA was in power at the Centre, besides the symbolic sloganeering — describing Narendra Modi as maut ka saudagar (merchant of death) and ‘apologising’ for the 1984 riots — the Congress did precious little to ensure that the victims in both cases got justice. An expression of remorse can hardly qualify as a substitute for ensuring justice in cases of mass murder and rape. So, if the Prime Minister now chooses to focus on the 1984 riots over another riot that followed over 20 years later in Gujarat under his chief ministership in 2002, the Congress is in no moral position to raise questions.
Conflicting priorities
While the Congress has a moral problem, others, who too should be analysing what the ruling establishment is really up to, have somewhat different priorities.
A lot of us in the media are too busy being nice to the Prime Minister to ask whether riots per se constitute a dagger in the country’s heart or was it one specific riot? Has the suffering of one set of victims now been alleviated because the Prime Minister remembers them, while others may fade from collective memory because it is not politically expedient for the Congress or convenient for most of us to talk about them any more?
What is most curious is the silence on this from another set of players, namely the mainstream Left parties, independent Left groups and civil society activists. Unlike the Congress, the Left carries no moral baggage in taking up issues related to communal violence.
Indeed, it was activists from the CPI(M), CPI, independent Left groups and civil liberties organisations, especially the People’s Union for Democratic Rights (PUDR), who worked tirelessly in the relief camps and documented the anti-Sikh riots in a priceless report Who are the Guilty?
Again, in 2002, it was that indefatigable lawyer-activist, the late Mukul Sinha, the women from Nirantar, Shabnam Hashmi of Anhad and Teesta Setalvad who worked in the relief camps and fought on behalf of the victims.
With these credentials, one can only attribute the Left’s silence to the ongoing inner churning with regard to its future strategy and action.
That leaves the field open for the ruling establishment to continue with its cynical grandstanding on issues that require serious and sensitive action. If the Prime Minister really means what he says about riots, let there be a genuine and painstaking effort to follow cases in the courts.
And, honestly, making a distinction between 1984, 2002, Muzaffarnagar or Trilokpuri is not acceptable even if the Congress has done this for decades.
Two wrongs simply do not make a right.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

The land of a million datasetsThe land of a million datasets
Sandeep Kumar Gupta
Wide open field India’s diverse, chaotic data pool VASABII/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
But we need to democratise access to data for better governance
India is home to more than a billion people who live across 29 States, speak more than a thousand languages and practice as many religions as are known to mankind. We are divided into States, districts, sub-districts, blocks, gram panchayats, municipalities and so on.
This diversity in terms of number of people, and their cultural, economic and social ideologies, is the basis for enormous unstructured and incoherent data, giving birth to a million datasets.
This data has the potential to solve numerous problems faced by us as a nation today. Some of the major scams unearthed have been courtesy the RTI that has brought previously inaccessible data to the public domain.
With more and more data being brought forward, it has got to bring transparency to governance. However, to utilise this power, it is imperative that we democratise this data.
How to democratise
Democratisation in the real sense would mean that anybody equipped with an everyday device such as a mobile phone, tablet or a basic computer can draw interesting and insightful analysis from these datasets. However, those who have got their hands dirty in data analysis realise that a large amount of time is spent in cleaning, standardising and linking these datasets.
Experts put this number at 70 per cent of the total time. Data in the current state is unstructured, spread across multiple formats, disaggregated at several levels and is fraught with errors.
The first and foremost hurdle is the absence of a data ecosystem in India. Still, a large amount of data development activity is taken up solely by the Government. However, their incentives are not in line with the task of clean and complete data development.
There is scarce involvement of the private sector in data compilation, generation and maintenance. In the developed nations, data is considered premium and we find several reputable organisations involved in the task of data curation. To get this system right, the private sector should be incentivised to take up this task in a big way.
The second hurdle is the fact that most of the data collected is basically extrapolated from the data available from earlier years. Hence, to ensure that the data collected passes through the lenses of reviewers and does not raise any eyebrows, a simple compounding of 10-15 per cent is done year on year.
However, if the base year data is faulty then the data extrapolated on top of it will automatically be faulty. Hence it is necessary that there is a paradigm shift in the mindset of reviewers and we enable the public at large to challenge these datasets.
The third hurdle is the process of data collection, which is done by multiple agencies at different times over several years. This introduces inconsistency in the data terminologies and methodologies deployed to collect the data. The data collection process is still primarily pen- and paper-based.
Improve methodologies
This introduces an additional layer that is both costly and a source of several errors during the process of digitisation.
An immediate solution to this could be to deploy the latest data collection methodologies via mobile phones, tablets and computers powered by the internet and telecom. The mobile network penetration level is more than 75 per cent at the national level and with the right technology infrastructure this data collection can be made seamless.
The last hurdle is the insignificant use of technology in the activity of data cleaning and processing. There is a lot of scope in using the latest advancements in technology such as data mining techniques using machine learning, logical implementations and natural language processing powered by the Big Data technologies and cloud deployment.
These can help clean and disseminate this data to a wide audience with ease. The combination of the right techniques will help us deliver coherent data ready for analysis.
If the democratisation of data is brought about, it will empower us to ask more and more questions from this data which, in turn, will point to the hidden loopholes and bring about true transparency in governance.
Policymakers will be able to drive relevant and impactful policy based on true and correct data.
The writer is the co-founder and chief operating officer of InnovAccer Inc
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

What next after MarsFurther and farther Let our space endeavour and internet connectivity proceed apace B JOTHI RAMALINGAM
ISRO can be the prime mover in providing reliable internet connectivity to the digital have-nots
ISRO’s Mission to Mars (MOM) has undoubtedly been a spectacular success. The Mars Orbiter or Mangalyaan completed a 10-month journey and entered the red planet’s orbit this September amid great national euphoria and pride.
It was launched from Sriharikota exactly a year ago, on November 5, 2013.
More importantly India became the first nation to reach the orbit of Mars in its maiden attempt. At a relatively small price — $74 million — this is the cheapest interplanetary mission ever to be undertaken, making this an incredible feat of determination, focus and clever engineering by the folks at ISRO, where I too have had the honour of serving.
The media were quick to comment on the Asian space race between India and China and point to the failure of the latter’s Mars mission.
It is true that space missions have strong geopolitical undertones (who can forget the race between the Americans and the Russians?) even while they are ostensibly important scientific missions.
Of tremendous importance during the Cold War, the strategic value of these missions remains equally strong today, though the context may have changed.
While earlier it was more about defence needs, today the context is more the commercialisation of space rather than just militarisation.
Future missions will likely be more collaborative, and public-private partnership is the name of the game as interplanetary colonisation becomes the next step in building a scientific frontier.
NASA and Tesla founder Elon Musk hope to land a man on Mars, using Musk’s SpaceX rocket in a public-private partnership in what NASA dubs the #NextGiantLeap.
Musk has even predicted that in as little as 10 years, humans will land on Mars with or without NASA.
A private space
ISRO sees a bigger role for the private sector in the space programme and is working out a business model for larger participation from the private sector so that it can focus better on new developments and research. Nearly 400 companies are currently making several elements of a launch vehicle, including fabrication, testing and assembling. In operational programmes such as PSLV and GSLV, the industry has taken higher responsibility in integrating the satellites.
ISRO’s interplanetary pursuits aside, I see one more area where ISRO’s great expertise can pay rich dividends — one perhaps a bit more terrestrial than the MOM. I believe that ISRO is best placed to facilitate India’s digital mandate — provide connectivity to every Indian by connecting all of India’s over 6,00,000 villages. This seems tailor-made for ISRO. Of the 4 billion people in the world who don’t have access to the internet, almost one-fourth or a billion are in India alone. This one billion has never experienced the magic of the internet. Vast stretches do not have access to reliable internet connectivity, much less adequate broadband. Just imagine the extent to which India would progress if these people could be connected to the rest through always-on, high speed, broadband connection? In a knowledge economy such as India’s, keeping a billion people out of the loop is a sacrilege that deserves urgent attention.
Improving the network
Unfortunately, great network connections do not exist beyond the confines of urban India. Poor network connectivity due to limited spectrum and an insatiable thirst for mobile connectivity by India’s teeming millions has meant that there is no discernible difference between 2G and 3G speeds. The laws of a free market economy dictate that the best services will always go to where the maximum revenues are — and for the foreseeable future that will be in urban India.
ISRO can come to the rescue. As terrestrial spectrum becomes increasingly scarce, ISRO can play a pivotal role in making broadband availability truly ubiquitous by being the third (and much needed) partner to terrestrial networks (wireline and wireless). Already ISRO’s satellites provide mobile companies much needed cellular backhaul services — a necessary and cost effective technology helping operators around India extend their reach.
Interestingly, ISRO is also hard at work to help with India’s financial inclusion by linking India’s villages to bank branches and ATMs through a VSAT network (an area that terrestrial operators usually circumvent as it’s not financially or logistically feasible). As operators expand services, grow subscribers and maintain leadership in a competitive marketplace, they will sooner rather than later require connectivity to bring wireless data services to remote and rural areas. As India gets ready to embrace 4G (also known as LTE) connectivity, ISRO is best suited to enable this. Space spectrum is best suited to provide all-weather and high throughput connectivity that today’s applications demand and similarly satellite spectrum has improved from narrow S and C bands to Ku and now Ka band spectrum. So, with the introduction of 4G services, ISRO could see new opportunities in mobile backhaul that was just not feasible in a GSM environment.
Finite resources
But this will require new technologies that ISRO may not immediately have access to. A new range of international satellites deployed in Europe and America now provide up to 100 Gbps of throughput (using the latest Ka band spectrum) which would be approximately 100 times that of a typical Ku band satellite (that ISRO currently operates). To put this in perspective, a satellite offering such a high throughput would typically be able to offer users 50 Mbps of internet speed. ISRO needs to develop or outright buy or lease and operate one such satellite to provide an enhanced level of broadband connectivity. Time to deploy — a few months at best. And the costs would be a small fraction of what a terrestrial network would entail (typically $500 million would be the cost of the satellite). Existing ground-stations can easily use this spectrum and redeploy it for end-user use.
The world is slowly waking up to realise that spectrum is not an infinite resource (some industry estimates point to a worldwide spectrum crunch by 2020). Given this, satellite-enabled broadband can come to the rescue. Whether it’s C , Ku or Ka band, India can more effectively utilise its ‘space spectrum’ to bridge the deficit and more importantly, ensure digital inclusion and connectivity for its large, unconnected population and regions. ISRO can play the key role.
The writer is the Chancellor of Shiv Nadar University and a former ISRO scientist
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Social trading: From Icahn to I canFrom Icahn to ‘I can’ social trading takes off
Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5032a046-63d9-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rise of social media and online networks makes it easier than ever for investors to share  and copy  trading ideasFrom Icahn to ‘I can’ social trading takes off
Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5032a046-63d9-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Verizon to unveil new Mag Mile destination storeVerizon to unveil new Mag Mile destination store
Verizon
Justin Sullivan
A Verizon Wireless sales associate is seen inside a Verizon Wireless store on April 19, 2012 in New York City.
A Verizon Wireless sales associate is seen inside a Verizon Wireless store on April 19, 2012 in New York City. (Justin Sullivan)
Chicago Tribune
Verizon to debut new destination store on Mag Mile Nov. 15
Verizon's fancy new store debuts on Mag Mile in old Escada space
Verizon Wireless is set to unveil its new destination store next weekend in the prime Magnificent Mile corner left vacant when Escada relocated two years ago.
The 10,000-square-foot store at 840 N. Michigan Ave. will be Verizon's largest in the country and the company's second destination store concept. It opened a slightly smaller store in the Mall of America in Minnesota about a year ago.

4 Lessons in Marketing From Obamacarereddit
Now that Halloween is over, people are thinking about open enrollment for Obamacare, which begins November 15, this year. However, what was once the hottest debated topic in social media last October is now not even a blip on the radar of the social sphere.
One might ask how any company could let that much press and intense social debate fall to the wayside. When we're talking about the government, it's hardly surprising. But this isn't a rant about government or healthcare even.
The meteoric rise and fall of the Obamacare marketing campaign is fraught with lessons for those of us savvy enough (cough cough) to pick up on them. Without further ado, the 5 lessons in marketing we can learn from Obamacare:
1. The best marketing campaigns start with a clear idea of customer segments
John Quelch, of Harvard Business School, co-authored a research paper about one of the state specific success stories in the somewhat lackluster marketing efforts of the Obamacare initiative. Key to the effort, he says , was that the quasi-state agency Access Health CT (AHCT) put marketing at the forefront early--including hiring Kevin Counihan, the chief marketing officer of Massachusetts' successful health connector (which predated Obamacare) to run it.
Mr. Counihan is no stranger to marketing campaigns. And the results he helped foster (a 65% enrollment rate in Obamacare for the state of Connecticut) were the highest in the nation. His plan? Segment his target audience, and make it dead simple to sign up for insurance. Of course there was much more that went into it with the market research he paid for and the teams of insurance agents he had to wrangle together on Saturday mornings.
2. Celebrities do not always guarantee results
HuffingtonPost contributor Wendy Powell, in a 2013 article , cited some of the many celebrities HHS was involved in hiring (including Jennifer Hudson, Olivia Wilde, Lady Gaga, John Legend, Amy Poehler, Marlon Wayans to name a few.)
However, according to Powell, "Health and Human Services released long awaited statistics from the end of the year 2013. Only 18 percent of the goal of 2.7 million young and healthy (ages 18 to 34) has been reached. This is required for stable premiums and subsidies. 90 percent of the enrollees received financial assistance."
With a marketing budget of $684 million, it seems that no matter who was talking about Obamacare, the results didn't automatically create themselves.
3. Make dang sure your website can handle the traffic
If you were in charge of building a website that would have to handle a potential load of the entire online population of the USA in the same day, shouldn't that be one of your top priorities?
We all know now that Healthcare.gov wasn't even close to ready for handling that type of traffic. I know that hindsight is 20/20. But the technology for handling large spikes in traffic has existed for quite some time now, and it's actually really cheap. CDN's like CloudFlare or Incapsula are some of the more well-known services. Even a simple Amazon S3 server would have been up to the task.
4. Anniversaries are important - especially when you use them properly.
Given the fact that the anniversary of the $684 million marketing push of Obamacare is essentially right now, there's definitely a window of opportunity to gain some free (positive) press.
It doesn't seem like HHS is capitalizing on their own anniversary though, with much of the news on the term 'Obamacare' being negative. However, even if the anniversary isn't your own, there's still an opportunity to use it. A new ebook by author Louise Norris, published in October, hopes to do just that with a 35 page guide on how to navigate the enrollment process.
No matter if you've got a huge budget or a small one, the principles remain the same. And who knows what the outcome of the roll out of Obamacare might have been if they'd stuck to these basics? Political considerations aside, there's no doubt that enrollment numbers would be higher than they are right now ( about 7.8 million out of 41 million uninsured Americans ). Nowhere near what we were promised.
Follow Steve Olenski on Twitter: www.twitter.com/steveolenski
More:

Ashok Leyland up over 3%  hits fresh 52-week highAshok Leyland
(At 09:30 a.m.; Ashok Leyland…)
NEW DELHI: Ashok Leyland Ltd rose as much as 3.01 per cent in trade on Wednesday, to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 47.90, after the Hinduja Group flagship firm reported a 23.1 per cent increase in its sales in October at 8,375 units.
At 09:30 a.m.; Ashok Leyland was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 47.10. It hit a low of Rs 46.70 and a 52-week high of Rs 47.90 in trade today.
The city-based heavy commercial vehicle manufacturer had sold 6,803 units during the same month of previous year.
Majority of sales in October were contributed by medium and heavy commercial vehicles at 5,838 units while light commercial vehicles contributed 2,537 units, the company said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Missed massive rally on Sensex Heres what you should doYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Missed the massive rally on Sensex? Here’s what experts say you should do
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 03.23PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Sethi
(Analysts at top brokerages…)
NEW DELHI: Bulls are clearly ruling the Dalal Street and this is evident from the fact the S&P BSE Sensex pierced the psychological 28,000 level for the first time ever in trade on Wednesday.
The S&P BSE Sensex, which has already rallied over 32 per cent so far in the year 2014, has some more room on the upside, say analysts. So, investors who have missed out on the massive rally need not worry and should look to enter the markets on dips, they say.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market, which will take the Sensex and the Nifty to fresh record highs for the rest of the year as well and in the next 12 months. The index is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by the December-end and probably 35000 levels by the end of 2015.
"The Indian stock market is in a strong bull run and investors should hold long positions and trail stop losses, while fresh investors should use every small dip to enter in a long position," says Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
"By the year-end we are expecting the Nifty to test the levels of 9000 and the Sensex to test the levels of 32,000. This bull run is majorly supported by positive domestic and global cues," he adds.
There are many positives that are working for the Indian markets. Apart from stable macros, recent announcement of BOJ stimulus plans also helped the rise.
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
The fall in crude is supportive for the Indian economy and is positive for OMC pack, as it will help meet the fiscal deficit target. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms getting implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of list of FIIs despite global concerns.
What should investors do?
Have you ever heard the phrase 'The trend is your friend'? Yes, investors should look at opportunities to enter markets or buy quality stocks on dips, considering the fact that the trend is still on the upside.
"Yes, the momentum is going to continue. The general rule of thumb when it comes to mark trends is this: don't bet against the trend unless you know something that the market doesn't know. And, more likely than not, you don't have information that the market has not already priced in," says Raghu Kumar, Cofounder, RKSV.
The tide is so strong upward that at some point, consolidation is bound to happen and investors will begin booking profits at the slightest sight of negative news, and this is the time when new money can come in, which is waiting on the sidelines.
"We might see a month or two of sideways movement, but that being said, the upward movement is based on sound fundamentals (GDP growth, low inflation, stable currency, strong government reforms, consumer confidence) and not mere speculation. That's what makes this a special case," adds Kumar.
Kumar is of the view that if reforms are properly implemented and the US does not raise interest rates earlier than expected, we can expect the markets to appreciate 15-20 per cent next year. This means the Sensex can hit 36,000 by Oct 31, 2015.
Where to invest?
One thing which investors should understand is the fact that the markets are not hitting new highs due to speculation, but due to the fundamental soundness in the economy.
A rising GDP, low inflation, controlled currency and a CAD that is being closely kept under control coupled with a reform-based government are prominent factors which kept the momentum going for the markets.
 
Betting on economic recovery, most experts are of the view that cyclicals, financials and pharma will be the sectors to watch out for in the next 12 months. Cyclicals more so because of the reform push by the government.
Apart from that, companies that focus on an online-only model that leverages technology, mobile, and the internet are going to do wonders.
"Our two favourites are IT and the pharmaceutical sector. On the consumer discretionary side, there is little more optimism. The consumer staples have been fairly sort of slack in the last quarter," says Arvind Sethi, Managing Director and CEO, TATA Asset Management.
"In terms of infrastructure, we like cement because if some of these big roadway projects, etc, get going, they will put up the demand for cement and these companies will benefit immediately," he adds.
Analysts are also positive on banking stocks as they are among the best plays on the overall economic revival story and lower interest rate scenario.
"In the banking space, we like both private and PSU banks as inflation is likely to come down going forward and this would be followed by lower interest rates. Lower interest rates are expected to act as a positive catalyst for the economy in general and the banking sector in specific," says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking.

Shoppers Stop Q2 Net Jumps to Rs. 16 CroreYou are here: Home Economy
Shoppers Stop Q2 Net Jumps to Rs 16 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 15:24 (IST)
More Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Retail chain Shoppers Stop today reported 60.44 per cent increase in standalone net profit at Rs 15.9 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15.
The company had posted net profit of Rs 9.91 crore in the the July-September quarter of last fiscal, 2013-14.
Its income from operations in Q2, 2014-15 moved up to Rs 851.98 crore, an increase of 17.87 per cent as against Rs 722.8 crore in the same quarter of last fiscal, the company said in a BSE filing.
"We have registered a strong like-to-like growth of 11 per cent in Q2 FY'15 owing to end of season sale and the festive season," Shoppers Stop Ltd Customer Care Associate and Managing Director Govind Shrikhande said.
For the first half of 2014-15, the company posted net profit of Rs 16.65 crore as against net profit of Rs 11.55 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Income from operations for six months ended September 30, rose to Rs 1,461.87 crore as compared to Rs 1,257.53 crore in same period in the previous fiscal.
The company has 72 stores across 33 cities in India. Shoppers Stop scrip was trading at Rs 499.55, down 4.53 per cent, on the BSE.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 15:20 (IST)

Blow to Sebi! SAT allows DLF to redeem MFs worth Rs 1 806 crYou are here: Home > Collections
Relief for DLF as SAT allows redemption of MF
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 05.05PM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(DLF had filed a plea with…)
MUMBAI: In a big relief to DLF, the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Wednesday allowed the company to redeem mutual fund investments worth a little over Rs 1800 crore.
This money will be used by DLF to make interest payments on loans.
The decision comes after the SEBI had barred the promoters and some of the company's top executives from accessing the capital markets for a period of three years.
DLF had filed a plea with SAT after the asset management firms refused its request to redeem mutual fund investments post the SEBI order.
The company has investments of over Rs 2,500 crore in several mutual funds and other securities.
The stock ended at Rs 126.65, down 1.44 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 131.40 and a low of Rs 125.60 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dalal Street in for big bull run: Sharekhan | Sensex hits 28 000 in a 1st  ends 55 pts upCadila
('We are in for a big bull run…)
In a chat with ET Now, Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan, gives his views on the market and some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: There were fresh highs today for the Bank Nifty and the Nifty again. Do you think we could reach a stumbling block soon because of the developments across the globe or do you think our momentum is going to take us even higher from here?
Hemang Jani: A lot of things are falling in place for us. So as we have already run up so much, is there a case for some kind of a correction? Yes, it can come through. We have seen that happen in the last five to six months, but in trying to fine-tune this to perfection, we are actually missing out on a much bigger opportunity at hand. So what we are saying is that we are in for a big bull run and may use any correction to buy into it, but first put a substantial amount at work so that you can participate in the bigger upside.
ET Now: The standard advice seems to be that every correction is a decline and we are in a bull market. So my question is: if we are in a bull market, why wait for a correction because the corrections are not there? I mean what did we get after Diwali, a correction of only 2%?
Hemang Jani: Yes, what you are saying is right. What one needs to do is to put maybe 60-70% of the total corpus at work immediately rather than trying to fine-tune into perfection. But depending upon how the global events unfold or some results disappointment in the domestic market, that could cause some volatility. So it is sensible to have about 25-30% kind of cash, but overall, the upside potential for the market from the current levels is much higher.
ET Now: Any fresh set of ideas? Every time we interact with you, you are happy to share two or three midcap ideas. So what is the latest from the house of Sharekhan?
Hemang Jani: We have our eyes on Rico Auto, where we think that because of the recent divestment that the company has done of selling its stake, they are going to get close to Rs 495 crore, which is an extremely high amount compared to the market cap of the company, which is about Rs 630 crore. They have put up three new facilities in Chennai, in Sanand and in Rajasthan. There is enough strong visibility and our research suggests that the growth for auto ancillary could be even higher than the OEM manufacturers.
So given these factors, we think that the operating leverage for the company would play a big role. So profit from Rs 2.7 crore can grow to about 70 crore in the next three years, which is almost a twenty-fold jump in the profitability. So we think that this stock can give a big upside. We have an immediate target of about Rs 55, but once we reach there, probably we will review it.
ET Now: Today we have seen Ipca Labs actually take a huge knock down on account of its import alert. Does it seem like it is time to now tread with caution when it comes to the pharmaceutical space purely because of the US FDA alerts and threats?
  Hemang Jani: Yes, this has been a case with a few companies in the last about six to eight months and particularly for Ipca, this could cause about 12% to 15% kind of a downgrade in earnings. We think that there is some more pain for Ipca, maybe another 8% to 10% downside. But looking at the pure fundamentals of the company and the fact that this problem will persist for another six to eight months, if there is a further correction of about 10% to 12%, it would also provide a good entry point.
ET Now: Do you track Cadila? It has done rather well.
Hemang Jani: Absolutely, it is one of our top picks in the midcap pharma space and we think that Cadila overall has done extremely well in the last two or three quarters after a lull kind of a performance for almost two to three years. There are a few interesting approvals which the company has got and is still quoting at a discount of almost about 20% to some of the large cap companies like Lupin and Sun Pharma. So we think that there is some more upside left for a company like Cadila.
ET Now: What is your take on HDFC Bank? This is really the darling of investors. Everyone has just one opinion on HDFC Bank, which is hold it, buy it, do not sell it. Yet HDFC Bank is not going anywhere.
Hemang Jani: I would disagree to some extent with you. It has been an underperformer for the last about six to eight months, but if you look at the last two to four years' timeframe, it has actually comprehensively outperformed both the Bank Nifty as well as most of the other peers. It is one of the most stable companies particularly when we are talking about NPL cycles. If you look at their performance, it is much better.
Now that the overall economic growth is going to come back to about 6-6.5%, we think that the earlier growth rate of about 25% to 28% is also possible. The immediate reason for the underperformance was this FII limit issue which once gets resolved, there is going to be a decent upside. So we think that HDFC Bank is a strong buy at this point of time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telangana budget is fine  but address power shortage first: IndustryVanitha Datla, Chairperson, CII – Telangana
Hyderabad, Nov 5:  
 
The maiden budget of Telangana will help in creating more jobs and also provides clarity on priorities for the new state, according to industry.
At the same time, the industry bodies had also sought immediate measures to address the power shortage in the state.
``The budget has spelt out the priorities of the New Government with a long term perspective. The initiatives such as creating market intervention fund and making Telangana as a seed bowl of the country is a welcome step,’’ Vanitha Datla, Chairperson, Confederation of Indian Industry – Telangana said in a statement issued here on Wednesday.
 
Allocation of Rs 90 crore for Information Technology Investment Region (ITIR) would help the further growth of IT sector in Hyderabad and create more employment opportunities.
 
The shortage of skilled human resources for the industry could be addressed by the initiative to connect the research institutes, academia and industry around Hyderabad, she said.
 
POWER
 
On measures taken by the Government to address power shortage by promoting solar pumpsets, etc. Datla said it would be important to take immediate measures to meet the increasing demand.
Shiv Kumar Rungta, President, Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Fapcci), the joint industry body for Telangana and Andhra Pradesh said it was `disappointed’ on meager allocation of power sector.
``The existing power scenario in the State warrants larger allocation for power sector. This budget does not provide any for development of infrastructure in the power sector,’’ he said.
Though government had stated that 20,000 MW power generation capacities will be added in next five years, there is no mention of how it can be attained. This is highly ambitious and a road map is required for achieving this, he added.
While appreciating major thrust on agriculture in the budget, Fapcci felt it was important to give prominence to the industry to create more employment opportunities, which was missing in the budget.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Baweja appointed Chief Financial Officer of ...Sanjay Baweja appointed Chief Financial Officer of Flipkart
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 07.01PM IST
Tags:
(Sanjay Baweja, who in his…)
BENGALURU: Homegrown e-retailer Flipkart today announced appointment of Sanjay Baweja as its Chief Financial Officer (CFO).
Sanjay, who in his earlier role was Global CFO for Tata Communications , brings with him over three decades of experience, having worked with large names like Bharti Airtel, Emaar MGF and Xerox ModiCorp , Flipkart in a release said.
It said in his current position, he will be part of the leadership team at Flipkart - contributing to the overall organisational development along with defining the strategic roadmap for profitable revenue growth for India's largest marketplace.
Speaking about the appointment, Sachin Bansal , Co-founder and CEO, Flipkart, said - "Sanjay brings with him a rich experience of running financial set-ups across large and diverse organisations. His impressive background of successfully structuring the financial strategy of market leaders is going to be invaluable as we enter a pivotal point in our growth story."
Flipkart said in a career spanning close to thirty years, Sanjay has gained expertise in areas of Corporate Finance and Budget Control, Controllership, Acquisitions, Financial Analysis, Strategic Business Planning, Tax Planning and Risk Management.
He has a Bachelor's Degree in Commerce and is a Chartered Accountant and Cost and Works Accountant, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stock futures imply higher open after midterm vote  ADP reportWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Mega Cab to take on competition with premium offeringMega Cab to take on competition with premium offering
Priyanka Pani
Mega Cabs is undertaking initiatives to re-brand itself and invest in providing better services.
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
New Delhi-based Mega Cabs is entering a new segment to stay ahead in the highly competitive Rs 36,000 crore cab rental market in India. The company plans to roll out a new brand to take on players such as Meru, Ola and the latest entrant Uber, who are also planning to tap this segment.
Kunal Lalani, Founder, Mega Cabs, said “We plan to target the discerning traveller, who is willing to pay a premium for better services. There is whole lot of corporate daily consumers, institutional clients who would be interested. Also, there are no true point-to-point premium cab services in India so we see a good potential here”. Ola and Uber amongst others do not serve in the point-to-point business.
Mega Cabs plans to start the service in Delhi, Kolkata and Bangalore in the first quarter of next year with cars such as Toyota Corolla and Skoda Octavia and other high-end sedans. Other cities will be added later on. Meanwhile, Olacabs is learnt to have been doing a pilot in Mumbai with a fleet of about 500 cars and is looking at launching in Bangalore and Delhi soon. There are other players like Carzonrent and KTC (Karachi Taxi Company) who are trying to create a niche in this segment, which fetches high-margin
Mega Cabs, founded in 2001, is of late getting aggressive after facing stiff competition from Meru, Taxiforsure and Ola. The company is present in 6 cities – Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore, Chandigarh, Amritsar and Ludhiana and plans to add least 6 more cities by 2016. At the same time, Ola, started in 2010, has already entered 16 cities and is targeting 100 cities by 2015. But there is a difference in the business model as Mega Cabs follows an ownership model while Uber, TaxiForSure and Olacabs follow no-inventory model.
Mega Cabs is also undertaking multiple initiatives to re-brand itself and invest more in providing better services, training of drivers and more technological advancements.
“We have started acquiring a whole range of new consumers lately. In fact, this industry has suddenly woken up and there is still lot of demand in the existing as well potential markets for cab services. ” Lalani added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

UBI decides to continue with five free ATM transactionsUBI decides to continue with five free ATM transactions
Our Bureau
Kolkata, November 5:  
 
The United Bank of India (UBI) on Wednesday decided to continue with five free ATM transactions per month (including non financial ones) at other bank ATMs for all savings account holders in both metros and non-metros.
According to a release issued by the bank, it has also decided to continue with free transactions at its own ATM network without levying any cap.
As per the new guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), banks in six metros – New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore – are free to charge other bank customers beyond 3 ATM transactions per month. Banks have also been allowed to restrict free transactions to 5 for customers at its own ATM network.
According to Sanjay Arya, Executive Director, UBI, by putting a further cap on ATM transactions may lead to increased footfall at branches thereby resulting in higher operating costs.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

India wants more market access  investments from RussiaIndia wants more market access, investments from Russia
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
India wants greater market access in Russia for pharmaceuticals, automotive, textile and value added agricultural products, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has said.
Addressing the India-Russia Forum on Trade and Development on Wednesday, the Minister said that the Russians should invest in India in areas where they see opportunity.
"We want greater market penetration in areas where India has set global standards," Sitharaman said.
Russia's Deputy Prime Minister, who spoke briefly at the meeting, called for strengthening of the Rupee-Rouble payment system, which was endorsed by the Indian Minister.
Sitharaman said India had a lot to offer to Russian investors in terms of skilled work force.
India and Russia are also working on a Free Trade Agreement to boost bilateral trade from the existing $ 6 billion, which is less than 1 per cent of India’s total foreign trade.
Russia is interested to do more business in areas such as tractors, industrial machinery and civil aviation, while India wants to attract investments in the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridors and the New Manufacturing and Investment Zones
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Surface temperature in India follows global warmingtrendPrint
A scientific study published in the journal of American Meteorological Society suggested that last year's Uttarakhand floods could be directly linked to climate change. (Source: PTI)
Written by Amitabh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 7:40 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 7:50 pm
Earlier this week, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reiterated its earlier warnings on global warming , saying there was now “unequivocal” evidence that global temperature was rising, leading to “unprecedented” changes in climate systems. The IPCC report said the period from 1983 to 2012 was probably the warmest 30-year period in the last 1400 years.
Though data for that long is not available in India, a consistent rise in temperature is being observed in the surface temperature over the country, in conformity with the global trend. The opening decade of the 21st century was the warmest decade in the last 110 years at least. The mean temperature, averaged over the entire country, between 2000-2010 was almost 1 degree Celsius higher than that between 1901-1910.  Eight of the ten warmest years since 1900 have also been recorded in this decade.
This is very similar to the rise in average global temperatures which increased by about 0.85 degrees between 1880 and 2012, according to the latest IPCC report. The IPCC says the world must limit the rise in global temperatures to within 2 degree Celsius, as compared to 1850 levels, to avoid “catastrophic” effects.
According to the data kept by the Ministry of Earth Sciences, the rate of increase in mean temperatures over India in the last three decades has been relatively higher than in the previous decades.
The maximum and minimum temperatures, averaged over the country as a whole, have also been showing an increasing trend. The average maximum temperature in the decade 2000-1010 was 1.27 degree higher than that in the decade 1901-1910. The corresponding difference in the average minimum temperature was relatively less at 0.54 degree Celsius.
The warming is projected to have wide-ranging impacts in the subcontinent. Food production is likely to be affected, water availability might go down, sea-levels are expected to rise, and the frequency of extreme events like floods, squalls, prolonged and excessive rainfall, and droughts is likely to increase.
Recently, a scientific study published in the journal of American Meteorological Society suggested that last year’s Uttarakhand floods could be directly linked to climate change. It was probably the first time that any individual weather event in India was attributed to climate change.

Kolkata security alert a wake up call to bring focus back on Bengals coastal securityplanPrint
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: November 5, 2014 7:34 pm
With a sudden ‘terror alert’ from the Union home ministry, the Bengal government and security forces have now started gearing up with their coastal security measures, though for the last four years, the “comprehensive coastal security plan” remained under deep waters without any efforts being made towards implementation of the project.
The comprehensive coastal security plan for West Bengal included 14 coastal police stations along the vast coast line, shared with Bangaldesh.
However, in last five years, only six such police stations could be made barely operational, while two other coastal police stations are under construction.
While contacted, Raj Kanojia, DG, coastal security said, “we have plans to set up 14 coastal police stations. At present six stations are operational while eight would be constructed soon. Of these eight, buildings for two stations are under construction and these two stations would start operating shortly.”
Construction of buildings for two new Coastal Police Stations at Maipith and Talpatighat in South 24-Paganas and East Midnapore respectively is in progress.
The coastal security plan was divided into two phases. In the first phase, six Coastal Police Stations at Fraserganj, Maipith and Sunderban in South 24 Parganas, Hemnagar in North 24 Parganas and Digha Mohana and Talpatighat in East Midnapore districts have been made operational. In the second phase, eight new Coastal Police Stations at Junput, Mandarmoni and Nayachar under Purba medinipur district and Diamond harbor, harwood Point, Gangasagar, Gobardhanpur and Jharkhali under South 24 Parganas district are proposed to be set up under the Coastal Security Scheme.
However, the police sources claimed that land is a major issue for setting up the police station while the operational coastal stations are suffering from inadequate human resources and patrolling boats and its fuels. There is an extreme crisis of technical staff too and the patrolling boats of the coastal police stations cannot be operated without the technical staff. The state government sanctioned posts for 47 technical staff on contract basis for Coastal Security during the last financial year. Out of 47, 16 appointment letters were issued as of now.
Significantly, the Border Security Force (BSF) that is manning the Bangladesh border in and around the Sunderbans Mangrove forest area, asked the central government to set up eight floating border out posts for proper vigil. However, the proposal placed to the government a year ago has not been implemented yet.
Meanwhile, the Kolkata Police, following the terror alert has stepped up the vigil in river Hooghly and the Kolkata port area. Sources said that at least 40 officers of special branch of Kolkata police were deployed at the Kolkata port area in plain. These officers are in plain clothes posted in some of the strategic points. Entry to the port area has been restricted though the naval week was going on and there were ships in the exhibition for public viewing. Number of patrolling of river traffic police has been increased. Special pickets are there on the Khidderpore bridge near the port.
The Central Industrial Security Force personnel were also alerted and security beefed up continued…

Four NSCN(IM) cadres killed in encounter with securityforcesPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 5, 2014 7:22 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 7:27 pm
Four NSCN(IM) cadres were killed in two separate operations carried out by the Assam Rifles and Assam Police in Dima Hasao district in Assam in the past two days, leading to recovery of three AK-47 rifles and a cache of ammunition. In yet another operation, one senior cadre of the NDFB(S) was killed in Kokrajhar district today.
Giving details, Defence PRO Lt Col Suneet Newton said while one NSCN(IM) cadre was killed near village Kopili in Dima Hasao district on the tri-junction of Assam, Nagaland and Manipur on Monday night, two others were killed near village Robi Basti on the outskirts of Haflong on Tuesday night. These cadres were mostly involved in extortion from local villagers as well as businessmen in the district, he added.
In Kokrajhar in western Assam on the other hand army troops of the Kokrajhar-based Red Horns Division in a joint operation with the Assam Police killed Philip Wary, self-styled second-in-command of the NDFB(S)’s Gossaigaon area inside the Ripu reserved forest on Wednesday.
The Songbijit faction of NDFB had of late stepped up extortion and abductions in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts, particularly along the Bhutan border.

FII limit in Edelweiss Financial raised to 4...BSE
(Foreign investors can now…)
MUMBAI: Foreign investors can now invest up to 40 per cent of the paid-up capital in Edelweiss Financial Services, up from earlier limit of 28 per cent.
"The foreign institutional investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 per cent of the paid-up capital of Edelweiss Financial Services Limited under the Portfolio Investment Scheme," RBI said in a notification.
The enhanced limit for such investment follows passage of resolutions at board of directors' level and a special resolution by shareholders agreeing to up the limit from 28 per cent to 40 per cent for the purchase of company's equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs.
FIIs, RFPIs, NRIs and PIOs (Persons of Indian Origins) can invest in primary and secondary capital markets in India through Portfolio Investment Scheme.
As of quarter ended September 30, 2014, FIIs held 22.61 per cent share in Edelweiss Financial Services, as per data on BSE.
Shares of the company today closed at Rs 53.45 apiece on the BSE , down 0.09 per cent from the previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon  Accenture lead in IIM-B s placementsAmazon, Accenture top recruiters at IIM-B internship placement
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Nov 5:  
Amazon and Accenture pick up the maximum at the IIM Bangalore’s PGP Summer Placements 2015. The placements got concluded this year in record 2.5 days.
According to Professor Sankarshan Basu, IIM-B’s Chairperson, Career Development Services, a total of 130 recruiters visited the campus resulting in 400 internship offers for students of PGP programme, the flagship programme of IIM Bangalore. Four students chose to opt out of Summer Internship process.
This year IIMB played host to an increasing number of MNCs, banks and other domestic majors which hired for international career programmes and more than 35 students are expected to intern at international locations.
While 23 per cent of offers made were from management consulting sector, around 20 per cent of students secured internships in the banking and financial services segment.
The Sales & Marketing roles were offered to 20 per cent of the batch and 10 per cent of the batch will intern with conglomerates in general management, leadership and strategy profiles.
Operation profiles across various sectors were offered to around 10 per cent of the batch. New recruiters or old recruiters returning to campus included HSBC Markets, Macquarie Group, Rocket Internet, IDG Ventures, DBS, Saint Gobain, Snapdeal, PwC Diamond, and Directi.
Placement Representative Ankit Rustagi, PGP2, said: “Various sectors, including banking and financial services and consulting, have shown a clear uptrend in hiring over the last few placement processes.”
Finance: Leading bulge-bracket international banks such as Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, UBS, Barclays, HSBC, Deutsche Bank, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, Citi Group, Royal Bank of Scotland and Nomura hired summer interns for investment banking and global markets & equities. Other financial institutions offering a range of financial roles included Standard Chartered, ICICI, Edelweiss, JM Financial, Avendus Capital and DBS. Premier investment and advisory firm The Blackstone Group recruited exclusively from IIM Bangalore.
Technology & others: Technology giants such as Microsoft, Google, Juniper Networks and Directi participated in the process offering unique roles to students selected. Big players from e-commerce segment included Amazon with 19 offers and Flipkart making 10 offers for different profiles including operations. Snapdeal also participated for the first time in the process. Middle East’s premier retail firm Alshaya made 12 offers for International locations.
Management Consulting: Big recruiters this year were Accenture Management Consulting with 17 offers, The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) with 13 offers, McKinsey & Co. with 10 offers, Bain & Co. with 7 offers, A T Kearney with 6 offers were the major recruiters in this space. Other prominent recruiters included Strategy&, Deloitte, Roland Berger, Alvarez & Marsal, Siemens Management Consulting, PwC Diamond and GEP among others. Capgemini, KPMG and Pricewaterhouse Coopers also offered consulting profiles to the batch.
Sales & Marketing: Hindustan Unilever hired eight interns for domestic and international locations. Top FMCG companies that continued showing keen interest in talent from IIMB included Proctor & Gamble, ITC, Mondelez, PepsiCo, Coca-Cola and Reckitt Benckiser. Johnson & Johnson and Marico also participated in the process offering Sales & Marketing positions. Other major recruiters in marketing space included Airtel, Asian Paints, Shell, Wipro, Philips and Vodafone among many others.
General Management: Aditya Birla Group with eight offers was the top recruiter this year for these profiles. Conglomerates offering general management and leadership programs such as TAS, Reliance Industries, C.K. Birla Group, Wipro, Mahindra & Mahindra, General Electric and Saint Gobain also recruited in great numbers.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Aequs to hire 400 more new persons for expansionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Aequs to hire 400 more new persons for expansion
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Precision manufacturing firm Aequs on Wednesday said it will hire 400 additional skilled workforce in the next one year to support its aggressive growth and expansion plans.
The company, formerly QuEST Global Manufacturing, will deploy 240 (60 per cent) of the new employees as shop-floor and machine operators, 140 (35 per cent) persons in the staff and supervisory roles and remaining 20 persons as managers, Aequs said in a release.
The Belgaum-based firm has presence in aerospace, automotive and oil and gas segments. “With the increased focus on machining capabilities and technology in India, the market will drive the development of skilled operators. Over time, this growth will generate a valuable knowledge dividend in manufacturing which will drive India’s long term economic success”, Aequs chairman and chief executive Aravind Melligeri said.
Aequs is growing its machining businesses by 50 per cent year-on-year and expects to continue this trajectory, the release said, adding the fast-growing aerospace, oil and gas, and automotive components manufacturing sectors open up huge opportunities for skilled employees.
Aequs specialises in precision machining, sheet-metal fabrication, assembly, forging, and special processing for aerospace, automotive, and oil and gas industries.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Wall Street eyes election impactWall Street eyes oil, election impact and jobs
By: Adam Shell November 5, 2014 8:04 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Wall Street will be juggling a lot of potentially market-moving events today.
It wakes up this morning with news that Republicans won the fight for control of Congress in the midterm elections. Now that Republicans have regained control of the Senate, it consolidates the party’s power in Congress, creating a united front against Democratic President Obama.
Investors will also be closely watching oil prices to see if fading crude is still on a slippery slope, a downturn that is cheered by Americans who drive gas guzzlers but booed by the USA’s new beneficiaries of the American oil boom, such as oil-exploration companies, drillers and oil-field services firms, many which are being squeezed by lower crude prices. West Texas Intermediate crude continued its sharp dive Tuesday, which has been driven by oversupply, due in part to a boom in U.S. production, and a recent move by Saudi Arabia to lower oil prices for U.S. customers. Tuesday, a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude was down 2% to $77.19, a three-year low. In early trading Wednesday WTI was up one cent.
Wall Street also gets a look at fresh economic data that sheds light on the job market. Payroll processor ADP releases its October report on private job creation. The ADP number came in strong, with 230,000 jobs created last month, above the roughly 220,000 ec0nomists had forecast.
Investors also get a look at the services segment of the economy when the Institute for Supply Management releases its October non-manufacturing index.
The new information will come fast and furious, forcing investors to adjust to the fresh incoming news as the broad market hovers near record highs.
In pre-market trading, Wall Street was giving the Republican election success a thumbs-up. The Dow Jones industrial average was up nearly 90 points.

http://usat.ly/1plgrXIFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
What the election means for Wall Street
USA TODAY's David Callaway discusses what election night and the Republicans taking over the Senate mean for Wall Street.
Post to Facebook
What the election means for Wall Street USA TODAY's David Callaway discusses what election night and the Republicans taking over the Senate mean for Wall Street. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tZ5GdC
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
What the election means for Wall Street
Video Keywords White House Washington Obama
USA TODAY's David Callaway discusses what election night and the Republicans taking over the Senate mean for Wall Street. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  The real big news of the night is GOP wins
00:03  today. We know about the reaction of the main street what's
00:06  the likely reaction on Wall Street. Wall Street you know like
00:10  this a lot the reaction almost it's gonna be different than
00:12  any reaction main street main street politics yeah a lot of
00:16  folks who like that Obama. Party lost a lot will not
00:19  like it and I'll be gridlock and Obey problems Wall Street
00:23  loves gridlock. Wall Street loves. Nothing happening in Washington that. Their
00:28  foot is no uncertainty. For Wall Street so the best years
00:32  of Wall Street history of always condor and gridlocked congress and
00:35  White House. Well so I a couple of general principles are
00:39  much discipline. This is GOP need to to take this advantage
00:44  of wood into something. A consequence and we're sixteen for the
00:48  presidential. Well of course that's the big question here will lay.
00:51  Get cocky with this win and determined that it is a
00:54  mandate for their policies and move forward to the right which
00:57  would be dangerous when it went back. They won because they
01:00  put together some really quality candidates in the key states. And
01:05  it's a actually they can build on that level far better
01:08  chance in 2016. The many given them credit for however they
01:12  take it as a mandate they moved too far right. They
01:15  put themselves back in danger again. About the Democrats the kids
01:18  at Winston and the next three years what what what's your
01:21  task. Well their task is to rebuild they've got a lot
01:24  of work to do in the next two years not just
01:26  in putting forth the presidential candidate Hillary or whoever. But how
01:30  they can rebuild and some of the states that they lost
01:32  some of them to where Obama had one of the presidential
01:34  election so. They've got a big task ahead of them and
01:37  I think. Part of it was the win in 2012. Made
01:41  them a little cocky and they gave they gave some big
01:43  strides to the GOP.
More Videos:

ADEK BERRY / AFP - Getty Imagesadek berry / afp - getty images
Samsung may pass baton to son Lee Jae-yong(Command of Samsung, may…)
SEOUL: As Samsung's smartphone business suffers a dizzying decline, another issue is vexing investors.
Command of one of the world's most valuable consumer brands will eventually pass to the son of its ailing patriarch whose business abilities remain a mystery despite being elevated two years ago to a top role at the company.
Expectations of a leadership shift at Samsung intensified after the chairman of the flagship company, Samsung Electronics Co., suffered a heart attack in May. Lee Kun-hee, 72, remains hospitalized and has never publicly named his only son, Lee Jae-yong, as heir apparent. But within the financial world and South Korea, where Samsung's annual sales equal a quarter of the economy, there is little doubt he'll be the third generation of the Lee family to head the sprawling business.
The 46-year-old was promoted to vice-chairman level in 2012 after joining the company in 1991. His increasing sway comes as Samsung's rapid success with the smartphone product category pioneered by rival Apple Inc. is undergoing an equally stunning reversal. Earnings from Samsung's smartphone business began declining this year, undermined by lukewarm sales of the Galaxy S5 smartphone and the competitive onslaught from cheaper Chinese brands.
``There is no information to know the track record of his leadership, his crisis management ability and how he carried out his business vision,'' said Park Yoo-kyung of APG Asset Management Asia, a Dutch fund which is a Samsung investor.
``When shareholders approve management during the shareholders meeting, they do not know the most important profile,'' said Park.
The little that is known about Lee paints a picture of a privileged and rarified existence. Kim Yong-chul, Samsung's former top lawyer, who authored a book exposing corruption at Samsung, wrote that Lee had little understanding about the lives of ordinary people and was not embarrassed by that.
A substantial part of his $4.7 billion fortune stems from access to shares in Samsung-affiliated companies before they went public. He has increasingly become a public face of Samsung, meeting people such as Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, Apple CEO Tim Cook and China's President Xi Jinping, but has never given an interview.
Samsung declined to comment on his role at the company.
South Korea's media increasingly attributes big decisions at Samsung Electronics, the crown jewel of the Samsung empire, to Lee. His known business record, however, includes the failure of Samsung's Internet ventures in 2000. Lee sold his stake to other Samsung affiliates a year later.
Smartphone troubles are the most obvious and immediate challenge for the Harvard-educated Lee. Earnings from Samsung's mobile business plunged by nearly 75 percent last quarter as Chinese competitors such as Xiaomi wooed customers in developing nations. But there are other tests facing him.
Founded in 1938 by Lee's grandfather Lee Byung-chull, Samsung bulked into an empire offering washing machines, finance and semiconductors during an era when South Korea's government gave cheap finance to companies in a rush to catch up with Japan and other developed nations. What mattered were results. How they were achieved was less important.
Even today, the group acts in ways that are frowned upon by investors and regulators.
Despite a minority shareholding, family control is maintained through a maze of cross-shareholdings in the 70 companies that make up the group. Neither Lee nor his father is part of the Samsung Electronics board of directors, the group of individuals with legal responsibility for the company's decisions.
``I think that Lee is aware that he can't manage the group in the same leadership style as his grandfather or his father,'' said Kim Sang-jo, director of Solidarity for Economic Reform, a group that advocates stricter accountability for South Korea's powerful conglomerates.
``Rather than just meeting up with the Facebook CEO, he should have official rights and responsibility as a registered director at Samsung,'' Kim said.
Some attribute Lee's low profile to South Korea's culture of filial piety. Out of respect to the family patriarch, Lee may be reluctant to highlight his achievements at Samsung while his father is still at the helm. It also helps explain a puzzling phenomenon to outsiders: reports in the South Korean media extolling Lee's vague achievements that rely on anonymous company sources.
  An indication of change may come from how Lee deals with the legacy of his father's conviction for embezzlement and tax evasion. He was given a suspended prison sentence and later pardoned.
One of the court's findings was that Lee Kun-hee ensured his son got rich by issuing him securities in an IT services company, Samsung SDS, at much less than their value, causing losses to other shareholders.
Samsung's de facto holding company Cheil Industries, which was involved in a similar court case over how Lee Jae-yong became a majority stakeholder, and Samsung SDS are set to go public in coming months. Critics such as Kim say that the big profits Lee will reap should be a reminder of his larger responsibilities.
``He should show social responsibility by implementing an ownership structure and leadership that markets and the public can accept,'' said Kim.
Samsung critics say that means turning away from the past. But Lee might still gain inspiration from his father, who famously urged Samsung workers in a 1993 speech to transform the company at its most fundamental levels. ``Change everything,'' he said, ``but wife and children.''
FEATURED ARTICLES

Satyam scam: ICAI completes proceedingsICAI
(In the wake of Satyam scam,…)
NEW DELHI: Completing its proceedings against errant members involved in Satyam scam of 2009, chartered accountants' apex body ICAI has cancelled their memberships and has imposed a fine of Rs five lakh each against them.
In the wake of Satyam scam, disciplinary action was initiated against the concerned statutory auditors including audit incharge, then CFO of the company and Head of Internal Audit Department.
"After completion of enquiry against the aforesaid persons, the Disciplinary Committee, having found them guilty of professional misconduct, has awarded the maximum punishment of removal of their name(s) from the Register of Members permanently and also imposed a fine of Rs 5 lakh each on them," ICAI President K Raghu said.
"The Appellate Authority constituted under Section 22A of the Chartered Accountants (Amendments) Act, 2006 in all cases, except one case which is yet to be heard by the said Authority, has also upheld the decision of the Disciplinary Committee of ICAI," Raghu said in a statement.
ICAI began looking into the role of auditors with regard to Satyam case after it came to light in 2009 as the country's biggest accounting fraud.
The founder chairman of Satyam Computer B Ramalinga Raju had fudged the company's accounts to the tune of more than 6,000 crore over a period of nine years starting from 2000. The misdeed was disclosed by Raju himself in January 2009.
Earlier this year, ICAI had said that it would officially bar three of its members -- Srinivas Talluri , S Gopalakrishnan and V Srinivasu -- from practising as chartered accountants after being found guilty in the Satyam scam.
Talluri and Gopalakrishnan were part of Price Waterhouse and Company of India at Bangalore -- the statutory auditor of Satyam from 2000 till 2009. Talluri was signing partner and engagement leader of the audit team while Gopalakrishnan was partner.
V Srinivasu was then senior vice president and director at Satyam, which was later sold to Tech Mahindra through a government-monitored auction following the scam.
A disciplinary panel of the institute had found them guilty of professional misconduct in carrying out the audit of the books of Satyam.
The name of another ICAI member Prabhakar Gupta, who was also found guilty with regard to Satyam fraud, has already been removed from the register, ICAI had said.
In the case, the accounting regulator had barred two other members -- P Sivaprasad and Chintapatla Ravindernath -- for professional misconduct.
FEATURED ARTICLES

O-zone signs pact with Ericsson for 30K Wi-F...Ericsson
(Wi-Fi services company…)
NEW DELHI: Wi-Fi services company O-zone and Swedish telecom gear maker Ericsson today signed a service agreement for setting up 30,000 Wi-Fi hotspots in the country.
Ericsson will provide Wi-Fi technology based solutions, according to a service level agreement for a period of five years.
"The partnership will also ensure that O-zone is able to establish the neutral Wi-Fi model in India, which will help the Indian government make the right to internet access a reality for every Indian," O-zone Chief Executive Officer Sanjeev Sarin said in a statement.
Ericsson will provide O-zone with 30,000 Wi-Fi access points and network management tools using small cells, as well as a variety of options for monetizing the Wi-Fi network in the first stage of the project.
These include opportunities for offering telecom operators the chance to reduce the data burden on their network by utilizing the neutral Wi-Fi network of O-zone to offload some of the traffic, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Taylor Swift s  1989  First-Week Sales Top 1.2 Miltaylor swift s  1989  first-week sales top 1.2 mil
ONGC  RIL disclose tax payments abroad: ReportONGC  RIL disclose tax payments abroad: Report
BCI tells HC it has inspected DU s Law Faculty centresBCI tells HC it has inspected DU s Law Faculty centres
We have identified 22 differentiated services: R SrikrishnaWe have identified 22 differentiated services: R Srikrishna
5 to six Union ministers may accompany PM to Varanasi5 to six Union ministers may accompany PM to Varanasi
Shah Foods standalone Sep  14 sales at Rs 0.96 croreShah Foods standalone Sep  14 sales at Rs 0.96 crore
Govt policies to put economy back on 7-8% growth pathGovt policies to put economy back on 7-8% growth path
Industry bodies welcome Telangana s maiden budgetIndustry bodies welcome Telangana s maiden budget
US dollar edges up against the rupee at 61.41/$US dollar edges up against the rupee at 61.41/$
Sluggish industry pulls down Telangana growth rateSluggish industry pulls down Telangana growth rate
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 5:  
The growth rate of Telangana economy has plummeted in the last decade. Successive droughts, deceleration in industrial sector and a paralysed Government have led the growth rate of economy to dwindle to 4.5 per cent in 2012-13 from 10.5 per cent in 2005-10.
The worst hit was the industry that witnessed a decline of 0.9 per cent in 2012-13. “It picked up marginally to 2.7 per cent in 2013-14 but it remains much below the desired level,” Finance Minister Eatela Rajender said, while presenting the Budget in the Assembly on Wednesday.
The Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) is driven by the service and industrial sectors with contributions of 58 per cent and 28 per cent respectively. The agriculture sector contributed in 14 per cent while 50 per cent of the population are depended on the sector.
Revenue sources
The Minister said the revenue receipt of Rs 80,090 crore included share of Central Taxes of Rs 9,749 crore and Central grants of Rs 21,720 crore. The State expects Rs 27,000 crore from Value Added Tax.
Assembly adjourned
The Speaker, S Madhusudhana Chary, has adjourned the House soon after the presentation of the Budget to November 7.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

SoftBank to invest $10bn in IndiaSave this video
Copy URL
Japanese telecom and internet giant SoftBank announced its intent to invest nearly $10 billion (around Rs 60,000 crore) in India over the next few years, with Masayoshi Son, the $92 billion conglomerate's chairman and founder, expected to kick off investments during his trip to India, where he is expected to meet several entrepreneurs.
153

ICICI Bank Q2 net profit up 15%Save this video
Copy URL
ICICI Bank Ltd, India's biggest private sector lender, reported a record quarterly profit on Thursday, beating analysts estimates, on higher lending and fee income.
15

Bharti Airtel Q2 net jumps 170%Save this video
Copy URL
Two-thirds of incremental revenue for the company came from mobile data services which at Rs 2,540 crore recorded a jump of nearly 67% from a year ago. This is the highest quarterly profit posted by the company since March 2011.
31

Red Lobsters plan to win you back: More lobsterThe Wood-Grilled Lobster, Shrimp and Salmon dish is one of the new dishes on Red Lobster’s revamped menu. (AP Photo/Red Lobster)
Red Lobster believes it has a remedy for reviving its ailing brand:  More lobster.
The chain restaurant announced Monday that it is launching a new menu that will focus more heavily on its signature seafood.
“While we had the seafood our guests crave, we didn’t have the right kind of seafood, enough of a presence in lobster,” Setta said in an interview.
The company says that 85 percent of its new menu will feature some kind of seafood protein, and that it will add more lobster into dishes such as the Lobster Scampi Linguini.
The change comes during what has been a tumultuous year for the restaurant chain, which was sold to private equity firm Golden Gate Capital for $2.1 billion in July.  Its previous owner, Darden Restaurants, said it was unloading Red Lobster so it could focus on a turnaround effort for its other flagship brand, Olive Garden.
Now that Red Lobster is privately owned, it is not known whether its sales or customer traffic have improved since the ownership change.  But the brand was facing major challenges before the split. In its last quarter as part of Darden’s stable, Red Lobster’s sales at established restaurants were down 8.8 percent.  Darden executives said a variety of factors led to the slide.  Clarence Otis, Darden’s chief executive, told investors earlier this year that Red Lobster’s surge of promotions became confusing to diners, especially those who came to the restaurant for special occasions.  Darden has also said that Red Lobster was struggling to make inroads with millennial diners and high-earners.
It appears the new menu is one of the first major efforts at the new Red Lobster to lure customers back to its 700 restaurants across the United States and Canada.
The company promises the new menu will have lobster options at a variety of price points.  For casual diners, it has added a Lobster Tacos option; for special occasion diners, there’s now a Roasted Maine Lobster Bake.   Meanwhile, the company is ditching items that weren’t selling especially well.  In most cases, those are the dishes that were far away from the company’s seafood focus, such as a wood-grilled pork chop and chicken with portobello wine sauce.
Red Lobster is also aiming to make its menu easier for diners to navigate.  Previously, its menu came as five different pieces; now, there will be just two pieces.  The menu previously came in a text-heavy format, but has been re-styled to feature plenty of photos of the dishes.
“We heard in testing it helps people explore and find new favorites, and it helps them decide they want to try something new,” said Danielle Connor,  Red Lobster’ senior vice president of menu and strategy.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Deal falls apart to bring Wegmans to TysonsBy Jonathan O'Connell November 3 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
The Wegmans store in Fairfax will have to suffice for now. (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images)
For more than a year officials from Wegmans and one of the largest property owners in Tysons Corner have gone back and forth discussing a deal to build an urban format store next to an apartment-and-retail development near the McLean Metro station in Tysons.
But it wasn’t meant to be.
Talks have ceased between representatives of the grocer and the developer, Cityline Partners, meaning that if Wegmans wants to open a store in Tysons it will have to find another location.
Donna P. Shafer, executive vice president at Cityline, confirmed Monday she was no longer considering a Wegmans for Scotts Run Station South , the project her company is building along the south side of Route 123, what is now a spread of parking lots and older office buildings. The store would have been on Colshire Drive, a short walk from the new McLean Metro station.
Shafer said the company will return to its original plan for retail, a mix of restaurants and entertainment. The project is still being designed and planned but is expected to have about 75,000 square feet of retail. In all, Scotts Run Station South will eventually have 6.7 million square feet of development.
“We’re going full steam ahead with our original plan which will have a very rich retail street with residential above,” Shafer said.
The Scotts Run development, envisioned for the area around the McLean Metro station. (Courtesy CityLine Partners)
Jo Natale, director of media relations for Wegman Food Markets, declined to comment.
Shafer declined to say why the deal didn’t work out but it entailed far more complexities than the Rochester, N.Y. chain usually encounters in building its stores.
Wegmans traditionally builds stores of well over 100,000 square feet with large surface parking lots. In Tysons, it was considering one of its new “urban” stores of as few as 80,000 square feet, similar to one it opened in suburban Boston this spring. Roadside Development, based in D.C., would have developed the grocery space, with apartments upstairs.
New apartment buildings  have cropped up near the new Metro stations in Tysons more quickly than new retail, with some exceptions. A complex anchored by Wal-Mart opened near the Tysons West stations and Macerich, owner of Tysons Corner Center, is opening up some new outward-facing stores in connection with its Tysons Tower project .
Grocery stores remain a particularly missing piece in the effort to turn Tysons from a sprawling mix of office parks into a series of urban neighborhoods. Despite the Fortune 500 companies and steak restaurants there are only two grocery stores in and around Tysons, although Whole Foods has been scouring the area for a site to build a store. The closest Wegmans is in Fairfax.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Double Surprise For Man Who Ordered on SnapdealYou are here: Home Corporates
Amazon Warns of Risks About India Business
NDTV | Written By: Ramarko Sengupta | Updated On: November 03, 2014 17:44 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Global e-commerce giant Amazon in a regulatory filing has warned of risks that may force it to discontinue operations in India.
"(Our) Indian businesses and operations may be unable to continue to operate if we or our affiliates are unable to access sufficient funding...," the company said in a regulatory filing to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The filing was part of Amazon's third quarter results published last week.
The world's biggest e-commerce player added that there are "substantial uncertainties" regarding the interpretation of laws and regulations in India which may impact its business. It further added that though the company's structures and activities comply with existing laws, they involve "unique risks".
"Indian or other laws or regulations or if interpretations of those laws and regulations were to change, our businesses in those countries could be subject to fines and other financial penalties, have licenses revoked, or be forced to shut down entirely," it said.
NDTV spoke to Amazon India, whose spokesperson acknowledged the risks but said there were no plans of shutting down operations in India.
"It's because our investments in India are going up substantially is why we have to make this disclosure in our risks. We see risks, that's it, but that does not tantamount to us shutting down in India, " Meenu Handa, head of communications at Amazon India said.
In July 2014, Amazon said it would invest $2 billion or over Rs 12,000 crore to expand operations in India. Ms Handa said the investment plans were on track.
The disclosures to the US market regulator come at a time when Amazon is reportedly facing tax issues in Karnataka. According to media reports, taxmen want the company to pay value-added tax or VAT on goods stored in the company's warehouses. Karnataka tax sleuths have reportedly sent notices to over 40 sellers to stop storing their goods in Amazon's warehouses near Bangalore as well.
Amazon, which launched its India operations in June 2013, is the second largest e-tailor in the country after Flipkart.
(With agency inputs)

Why company expansion can mean switching from beer to bagels0
A. I ran a hedge fund for 15 years. There were a lot of front- and back-office activities that needed to get streamlined. I built a set of Excel tools and a makeshift Internet site in order to streamline and automate these activities.
There were others that ran into the same problem. We started as a customer relationship management tool for hedge funds, and now we've migrated to a Web-based operating platform for the institutional investment community. 
Q. Can you give an example of how a company used the platform?
A. There was a fund of funds that we sold to in New York. They had 18 people. They estimated that 10 of their people were spending 30 percent of their time building spreadsheets to track liquidity or track down information. It was basically three full-time people doing activities. We cut that by half.
Q. You went from evaluating CEOs to running a company as a CEO. What was that like?
A. While I had been involved in the business since the beginning, there’s a level of depth and understanding of the business and some of the daily evaluation and assessment of people that is completely different. I’m fortunate that I really understood the space and the niche we operate in, but trying to get your head around the people, process and platform, it takes a while.
Q. What’s been your biggest challenge?
A. Anytime your business has been run by someone else for 10 years, as a new person that steps in there’s going to be an element of skepticism of “that’s how we did things in the past.” Getting people to be willing to think about things differently and more open to new or different ideas, there was an element of that early on. At this point, it’s not a challenge, but it was in the early days.
Q. Has it been a challenge to maintain the culture as you scale up?
A. We've gone from a company where everybody was here in Chicago to a more global organization. We used to have (an all-staff employee meeting called) Backstop and Beers once a month. With employees in London six hours ahead, it doesn’t work. Now we do Backstop and Bagels.
We didn't have a head of human resources in the past. Now we have three people in our HR group to think about and preserve the culture and do better in some ways.
Q. What did you learn about yourself as a leader?
A. It’s about the power of communication or leveraging through others. With a 140-person software company where you don't write code, it’s about making sure you have the right vision, communication, incentives and people, and getting them to be as passionate about building Backstop as I am.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Medicaid Expansion For Millions Hinges On These Governors  RacesMedicaid Expansion For Millions Hinges On Key Governors' Races
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- The last few years of Tarika Collins’ life have been a series of horrendous medical complications.  Four separate car accidents in 2012 left her with nerve damage in her back. That same year, she was diagnosed with an aortic valve leak, which, over time, led to heart disease. In 2013, she had a heart attack, which resulted in the installation of a stent in her coronary artery. Months later, she had to have neck surgery. She was told that without it, she may end up paralyzed.
Collins is just 45. But the parade of horribles leaves her with intense anxiety. She has been unable to work since leaving her job as a corporate travel agent following her heart attack. Today, she says, “It is very rare that I leave the house.”
Collins is among the nearly 5 million Americans estimated to be too poor for Obamacare, because of actions by the Supreme Court and Republican politicians in 23 states .
Collins estimates she has made a dozen trips to the hospital emergency room in the past few years. Having sold all her assets to pay for her care, she's now about $500,000 in debt and is hosting Internet fundraising drives to help with the bills. Absent a breakthrough with disability insurance (she has a court date in December), Collins has one last hope: That on Tuesday, voters in her state of Florida send a message through the ballot box that they want an expansion of Medicaid.
“It would get me in the system,” Collins, of Clearwater, said. “I would be able to get some health care. For me, it would mean a longer lifespan.”
“Mostly, the emotions I feel are scared,” she said of her wait for the outcome of the race between Gov. Rick Scott, a Republican, and former Gov. Charlie Crist, a Democrat. “Scared that it could go either way. I’m scared I’m going to die before [Medicaid expansion] comes.”
There are two threads of conventional wisdom heading into Tuesday's midterm election. The first is that the election doesn't much matter. Regardless which party controls the Senate, President Barack Obama will still occupy the White House, which means gridlock will remain, if not escalate. The second is that, when it comes to Obamacare, the status quo will remain in place for at least the next two years. Senate Republicans may push for repeal votes. But Obama will veto them. Smaller reforms may pass. But the law will mostly remain intact.
What these threads ignore is that for millions of Americans, Tuesday's election may have life-altering consequences on the issue of Obamacare. At least six states have close gubernatorial elections featuring an incumbent Republican who has resisted expanding Medicaid -- an option states were given by the Supreme Court in 2012. Avalere Health, a strategic advisory services firm, has estimated that in Florida, Georgia, Kansas, Maine, and Wisconsin, almost 2.3 million people have been left uninsured because of that resistance.
"As we looked at it, we came to the conclusion that this is a very important election for the future of Medicaid," said Dan Mendelson, founder and CEO of Avalere Health. "And these six gubernatorial elections are the best examples of that. There are a number of other states where if the balance shifts even subtly, the balance will shift toward Medicaid expansion."
GOP governors and legislators say they base their opposition to Medicaid expansion on the potential cost to their state, despite the availability of generous federal funding . The result of their refusal to approve expansion are clear: The uninsured rate has declined much more in states that adopted the policy than in those that haven't, surveys show.
Denise Sock, of Presque Isle, Maine, sees Tuesday as potentially life-altering for her medical care. Sock, 51, has been unemployed and uninsured since October 2012, when she lost her job after being sidelined by a work-related injury. She suffers from a slew of chronic health problems, including diabetes and very high cholesterol and triglyceride numbers, she says. Her conditions worsened because she couldn't afford care, and she has thousands of dollars in medical debt she can't pay.
"I have fought depression. I have figured, you know, maybe the world was better off if I wasn't around. Why am I even trying to keep fighting?" Sock says.
Sock's husband has been without a job since 2009, so their 27-year-old daughter, Tasha Stetson, moved home with her own 2-year-old daughter, and is covering the family's household expenses while she can.
Medicaid expansion would "make a huge difference," Sock says. "It would alleviate a lot of the burden off my daughter."
Standing in the way is Maine's governor, Paul LePage (R), who has blocked the state legislature's five attempts to expand Medicaid . Maine is the only New England state that hasn't accepted the mostly federally funded expansion of the benefit to more poor residents.
Sock's health coverage predicament is tied to two decisions LePage made. In addition to rejecting the Obamacare Medicaid expansion, LePage actually scaled back Medicaid eligibility this year , taking away benefits from tens of thousands and denying it to people like Sock, who might have qualified under the state's old rules.
Six months ago, the women at Sock's church pooled money so she could see her doctor, have blood tests, and get her prescriptions renewed. The results confirmed what she already felt: She had gotten much sicker.
"I was basically among the walking dead. My blood work was so bad because I hadn't had most of my medication in two years because I couldn't afford them," Sock says.
Sock tried signing up for Obamacare, only to learn she fell into the coverage gap. The federally run health insurance exchange sent her to MaineCare, the state's Medicaid program, which sent her back to the exchange.
"It's a vicious cycle, and I'm not getting anywhere," Sock says.
For Sock and others, the coverage gap seems like an Obamacare promise unfulfilled. Athena Ford Smith, advocacy director for the Florida Community Health Action Information Network, also known as Florida CHAIN, says people are often crestfallen when they learn they're actually too poor to get covered.
"The most painful part of my work and of our work as health care advocates is looking somebody in the eye and saying, 'I'm sorry. There's no help for you,'" Ford Smith says. "A lot of consumers do think that it's the health care law that created that coverage gap."
In fact, the Affordable Care Act intended the Medicaid expansion to be national. But the Supreme Court ruling and resistance from Republican policymakers have shortened its reach, leaving the poorest uninsured Americans with no coverage. Because Congress didn't anticipate Medicaid wouldn't be available to everyone with earnings below poverty, tax credits for private insurance only are available to people who make more than that, which is about $11,500 for a single person.
While Tuesday's elections may spark the process that can close the coverage gap in up to six states, simply electing a new governor doesn't guarantee it will happen. State legislatures have resisted Medicaid expansion, even in states where the governor is supportive (see: Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, or Missouri, Jay Nixon). Even in Florida, Gov. Scott nominally supported the expansion, but has not persuaded lawmakers to follow through. Advocates say Scott has barely tried.
Those same advocates argue that an election win for a Medicaid-backing governor candidate would send a powerful message to state lawmakers. And it may accelerate the existing trend of Republican-run or Republican-leaning states softening their opposition to the expansion, as have Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett and other Republican governors who have taken up the Medicaid expansion.
"We hope on Jan. 1 that our leaders will move immediately to close the coverage gap. This must be a priority," Ford Smith says.
In Kansas, state Rep. Jim Ward (D) says he will reintroduce legislation to expand Medicaid in the next session, regardless of who wins the governor's race. He recognizes that it remains a challenge, even if Gov. Sam Brownback (R) is to lose on Tuesday. The state remains Republican-leaning. And the statehouse has a big say in the matter. But the tide of public opinion in turning, Ward adds.
"It is not over with the change in governor, but it changes the whole discussion from, 'We don't even talk about it,' to 'It is something we will be talking about every day, it is something we would be pushing every day,'" Ward says. "I hate to speak for Paul [Davis, the Democratic candidate] because he speaks so well for himself. But his win changes the whole conversation.
"For about 150,000 to 180,000 Kansans," Ward adds, "the stakes couldn't be higher."
Also on HuffPost:

How to Fund Your Startup -- With VCs  Angels and Crowdinvestingreddit
"Every one of my books had killed me a little more," - this profound and highly personal quote by American author Norman Mailer has become one of my favorites since I started writing about startups funding. For with each new article, the more I would dig deep into research, the more I would realize how imbalanced the existing funding system is.
On the bright side, whether working with clients via my company Metropole Capital Group or teaching the Entrepreneurial Finance course I recently created for MBAs or producing my upcoming Alternative Funding Forum here in LA, one thing has become clear to me - we live in times where start-ups have a wide range of funding options like never before.
What VCs are really looking for
The key thing to remember is that VCs are financiers, who expect a return of at least 30% per year over the life of their funds within a sizable total addressable market (TAM) - a market that can generate $1 billion or more in revenues. VC funding is heavily concentrated in just a few industries with their favorites in software (over 30%), high-tech and biotechnology. VCs like to see the value of exit to be two to four times sales and most VCs will not consider an investment unless the potential exit price is $200M - $300M or more.
The ideal assumption for VCs is that your venture will grow fast enough to take first place in the market but most favorable or "fundable" VC projects are those that actually create their own market (aka "blue ocean"), are on at least a second/series B-round of financing, intend to grow to not less than hundred million dollars in revenue and have a clear exit strategy (think Apple Inc., Jet Blue, Home Depot or eBay).
Discouraged? Don't be. Stay with me...
Angel investors: "And I will always fund you"
Angel investors in the US are accredited investors who qualify under the criteria imposed by law  -  that is having an individual annual income of $200,000 or a liquid net worth of at least $1 million. A lot of them like to assemble in local angel investing groups that occasionally have "pitch calls," aka meetings, with entrepreneurs depending on in which city they are formed.
They generally aim to take a 20 to 50 percent ownership stake and they like to build a portfolio of projects where they typically realize about 85 percent of their total portfolio returns from 15 percent of their portfolio companies since most of them are investing in extremely risky seed stage/series A financing round. Keep in mind that for startups raising their first round of capital (seed/series A financing) the failure rate is at least 90%, while for more mature and developed startups raising a second round of capital (series B financing) the failure rate drops to a 50%. There were only 120 seed stage companies backed by VCs in 2013  vs 32,000 deals backed by angel investors.
These days angel investor groups look for less than $3 million pre-money valuation and as low as $100,000 of an investment. The main catch - unless you present them with a potential revenue plan that would prove you are fully capable to bring at least $50 million in at least 5 years, then you might hear from an angel investor the " Shark Tank " show's most terrifying phrase: "I'm out!"
Equity based crowdfunding and JOBS act - the train has left the station - sort of
I am fully convinced that the main reason for the J OBS act's rules not being finalized is its Title III which has become the most controversial - a  part which would allow a general solicitation of up to $1 million annually in equity from everyday "mom-and-pop" investors,  regardless of their level of income or financial position. I've been a great supporter and an advocate of this fresh approach (see my previous articles ), however when I learned that apparently the SEC is looking to update the accreditation standards towards increasing the income threshold, I suddenly remembered the eminent Niebuhr's mantra "Grant me the serenity to accept things I can not change".
As a serial entrepreneur, the founder of Rock.com and OfficialMerchandise.com , Steve Newman, noted, "What we have now is completely absurd. Individuals who are not accredited can only fund rewards-based campaigns, which guarantee no return, while accredited individuals have an opportunity to invest in early stage companies for high returns. In essence, companies get funded and show proof of concept on the backs of the unaccredited investors, only to turn over those high returns to the accredited equity investors. In a regulatory scheme like that, one has to ask who is really being protected and who is really being benefited?"
I echo Steve's statement and would like to remind you about the story of Oculus Rift, a company that had been crowdfunded by KickStarter's backers who donated a striking $2 million. Right after that, Facebook acquired Oculus Rift for $2 Billion - naturally leaving the backers out of benefiting from the exit event. End of story.
The good news is that the JOBS act still has managed to trigger and bring at least two refreshing changes.
An important change to remember is that now startups are allowed to solicit money from accredited investors publicly - via advertising and social media.
Another thing - raising equity from angel investors has become much easier thanks to a rapidly growing number of equity based crowdfunding (or crowdinvesting) platforms which means that now you can submit your project online having great exposure to the accredited investors community. The most active platforms in the US include AngelList , EarlyShares , CircleUp , EquityNet , Crowdfunder , RockThePost and InvestedIn and there are quite a few emerging equity funding platforms, such as Flashfunders , that strengthen its market position by working in collaboration with a highly respected securities law firm, Stubbs Alderton & Markiles, LLP .
My closing words - stay tuned and get educated. As poker players like to say -  if you don't know who at the table is the fool, it might be you.
Victoria Silchenko, Ph.D. is the founder of Metropole Capital Group and the creator and producer of the Alternative Funding Forum , Los Angeles, November 21, 2014. Learn more at www.metropoleglobal.com , @metropoleglobal
Follow Victoria Silchenko on Twitter: www.twitter.com/metropoleglobal
More:

Indian-origin entrepreneur launches unique remittance serviceIndian-origin entrepreneur launches unique remittance service
PTI
Xendpay platform implements `tip’ model and abolishes compulsory fees for money transfers
London, Nov 5:  
A London-based Indian-origin entrepreneur has launched a unique “pay-what-you-want” money remittance service that abolishes compulsory fees.
India-born Rajesh Agrawal believes his Xendpay online platform will save customers in the developing world 60 pounds million over the next five years.
India is the largest recipient of remittances in the world, with $71 billion sent last year. World Bank figures show global migrants last year sent home 250 billion pounds in remittances to developing countries — with an eight per cent increase predicted for 2014.
“It is a social imperative that the cost of sending money abroad is significantly reduced,” said Agrawal, who announced the launch here this week.
“The remittance industry takes far more than it needs to in profit and in doing so drains away a lot of money that would otherwise reach those in developing nations. By launching a no fees, best rate transfer service I hope to challenge and change this,” he added.
Under the Xendpay model, customers can send anything from 1 to 100,000 pounds and will be asked to “tip” what they want for the service — even if it’s nothing — and will also be given the best exchange rates usually reserved for multinational corporations.
“I set up Xendpay not to be the biggest or to make money but to make money transfer better and cheaper. I believe people will recognise the value in what we are doing both financially and socially and that as a result the discretionary ‘tips’ model will work,” explains Agrawal.
The Xendpay model has been accepted as a Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) Commitment to Action, with an objective to save people sending money through the platform. Established by Bill Clinton in 2005, the CGI convenes global leaders to create and implement innovative solutions to the world’s most pressing challenges.
Xendpay is part of the Rational Group of companies, which offers low-cost money transfer services which has made transfers worth over $5 billion of transfers since inception in 2005.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Prez dissolves Delhi assembly  fresh polls soonPrez dissolves Delhi assembly, fresh polls soon
PTI  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 13:47 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 13:53 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
The Delhi Assembly was dissolved on Wednesday, paving the way for fresh elections that will end the political hibernation since the AAP government fell in February.
A notification issued by the home ministry said that President Pranab Mukherjee has dissolved the "Legislative Assembly of the National Capital Territory of Delhi with immediate effect" on November 4.
The Union Cabinet had on Tuesday recommended the dissolution of the assembly following recommendation of LG Najeeb Jung after talks on Monday with BJP, Congress and AAP which expressed inability to form government and sought fresh mandate.
While the fresh elections may be held early next year, the process for the November 25 by-elections to three constituencies, for which last date of nominations is Wednesday, was revoked by the Election Commission.

Govt open to selling loss-making PSUs  says Arun JaitleyComments
India is open to privatisation of certain loss-making state-owned companies, finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday, promising more initiatives soon including reforms in the mineral sector along the lines of the recently announced coal block auction plans.
The government also plans to open railways further to private investment, ease restrictive land purchase rules, relax labour laws and raise the foreign investment ceiling for insurance companies, Jaitley said.
"Certainly I would be interested to look at some PSUs (which) could do much better in private hands," Jaitley told delegates at the India Economic Summit organised by the World Economic Forum and industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in the Capital.
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley with the founder of World Economic Forum, Klaus Schwab, during the launch of India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. (PTI photo)
"Taxpayers cannot continue to pay for loss-making businesses," said Jaitley hinting that the government may consider privatising some of the loss-making state-owned government firms in the future.
For now, however, the government will stick to selling minority stake in profit-making public sector companies.
In September, the government had approved share-sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Limited, NHPC and ONGC — that can potentially earn the exchequer Rs. 44,000 crore.
Revenues from selling shares in state-owned companies is critical to the government's plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
The minister had announced in Rajya Sabha in July that four PSUs would have to be shut down as they were "incapable of revival".
As many as 79 PSUs have, over a period of time, become loss making and the total amount of public investment stuck in these PSUs was to the tune of Rs. 1.57 lakh crore, he had said, adding "over Rs. 10,000 crore from the budget have been physically pumped into to make them going."
The government has set an ambitious target of Rs. 43,425 crore to be mopped up from PSU disinvestment in the current fiscal.
Fair business environment
Jaitley said that some allegations of "crony capitalism" were true under the last government and an element of fairness in the system was lacking, such as in the case of allocation coal blocks.
Committing to more reforms and eliminating corruption, Jaitley also said steps taken by the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government were aimed at creating fair and transparent business environment and ending crony capitalism.
Last month, the government had announced plans to put up coal mines for bidding by private steel, power and cement companies and introduce changes in the law to enable commercial mining in the future, signalling its intent to fully open the sector to private players.
The new auction-based system will replace the earlier controversial policy of allotting coal blocks based on recommendations of a panel of bureaucrats, which the Supreme Court had struck down as arbitrary. The apex court had cancelled 214 blocks allotted since 1993, a move that threatened a nascent economic recovery.
"We are going to take similar steps with regard to other minerals," he said.
"When we take these steps to eliminate crony capitalism, investors will get a system that is fair and not where they have to depend on the largesse of politicians."
Over the last five months, the Narendra Modi-led government has unveiled string of measures to turn India into a manufacturing powerhouse, remove bureaucratic sloth, make the country more investor friendly and aid its economic recovery.
The finance minister assured investors more reforms in the coming months, including plans to ease rules for industry to buy land to set up factories.
"We need to pursue one positive direction. Reforms are not about one sensational idea."
"I am quite satisfied with the beginning that we have made...in the next few months ... I think the effects within the country would also start showing."
Admitting there were challenges, the minister said, the country needed to doggedly pursue the reforms agenda.
"There are bound to be some hurdles, one need not get unnecessarily upset about them. There are a lot within the present political framework and the government's framework that can be done...but one thing that is clearly borne in mind is that no steps should be taken that sends contrary signals.
"Therefore with all kinds of ideas, big and small, one has to pursue in one direction and that's what the present government is trying to do and I am quite certain that its only a matter of time that the ground results start reflecting on the cumulative effects of these steps," he added. ?
"People are now getting convinced that India is a place to invest in."
Criticising the previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government's move to introduce retrospective taxation, Jaitley said: "Retrospective tax was a bad idea which damaged the economy."
Jaitley's statements came on a day the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex breached the 28,000-mark for the first time.
On India blocking the trade facilitation agreement at the World Trade Organization, Jaitley said the government is not opposed to the pact.
"This appears so because of the unreasonable positioning by some developed countries," he said.
All India is asking for is the "peace clause" on food subsidies to continue till a permanent settlement on the issue is found.
(With inputs from PTI)

After Wagah blast  Taliban group vows to attack IndiaTaliban group vows to take revenge on Modi
Reuters  Peshawar, Pakistan, November 05, 2014
First Published: 12:55 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 11:52 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
A new Pakistani Taliban group behind this week's devastating suicide bombing on the Wagah border said on Wednesday the attack was as much aimed at India as Pakistan, suggesting that Indian targets might be next.
At least 57 Pakistanis were killed during the flag-lowering ceremony on Sunday when a bomber tried to get as close as possible to the border in a possible attempt to cause casualties on the Indian side as well.
Ehsanullah Ehsan, a prominent militant and spokesperson for the group, Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA), said he had warned Prime Minister Narendra Modi that attacks in India were in the pipeline.
"I have already conveyed it to Modi ... that if our suicide bombers can carry out attacks on this side of the border, they can easily do it on other side of the border in India," he told Reuters by telephone from an undisclosed location.
"I told him that his hands are red with the blood of Kashmiri mujahideen (fighters) and innocent people of Gujarat for which he would have to pay the price."
He earlier tweeted in English: "You (Modi) are the killer of hundreds of Muslims. We wl (will) take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gugrat" (sic). An Indian intelligence official said the account appeared genuine.
Ehsan said however that the Sunday attack was specifically aimed at the Pakistani military.
"We have proudly stated that our target was the Pakistani security forces and their installations in which we succeeded," Ehsan told Reuters.
The central Pakistani Taliban group, known as the TTP, has effectively disintegrated this year and split into a range of smaller groups such as TTP-JA who appear to be exploiting their ties to al Qaeda to broaden their mission beyond Pakistan.
Ehsan said that unlike the TTP's narrow focus on war in the tribal areas on the Afghan border, his outfit sought to attack countries around the region. "The TTP focuses on Pakistan only, while we have a global agenda of jihad and therefore we have people from all over the world including the Arab and Western world for this mission."
Al Qaeda threat
TTP-JA has announced its support for the Middle Eastern group Islamic State, whose belligerent anti-Western ideology has begun to inspire militants across South Asia.
The group's openly anti-Indian rhetoric differs from that of the mainstream Pakistani Taliban, who are mainly focused on their insurgency against Pakistani security forces in the volatile tribal northwest of the country.
Further unnerving India, al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri, said to be close to TTP-JA, has announced the creation of a South Asia wing of al Qaeda, threatening to stage attacks on countries across the subcontinent.
The new group's first major attack was a botched attempt in September to hijack a Pakistani warship and attack a US navy vessel at a base near the port city of Karachi.
On Tuesday, Indian navy withdrew two warships from Kolkata after intelligence agencies warned of an attack on the port and the city.

Cognizant reports rise in profit by 11% in September quarterCognizant pips Infy, Wipro in revenue growth
Our Bureau
Q3 net profit rises 11%; adds 12,300 people
Chennai, Nov. 5:  
Cognizant Technology Solutions has reported an 11 per cent increase in net profit, at $356 million, in the third quarter ended September 30, against $320 million in the same quarter last year. Revenue was at $2.6 billion, up 12 per cent from the year-ago period and 2.5 per cent sequentially.
The company said it had seen “significant” traction for its social, mobile, analytics and cloud offerings with clients.
US-based Cognizant, which has over 75 per cent of its employees working in India, added nearly 12,300 people in the September quarter, according to a company press release.
During the quarter, Cognizant was behind Tata Consultancy Services in revenue growth but beat Infosys and Wipro. “There is a tremendous opportunity in the marketplace as the advent of new digital technologies, global economic pressures, and an evolving regulatory environment force businesses across all industries to change and adapt faster than ever before,” said Francisco D’Souza, CEO, Cognizant, in the release.
Revenue guidance
The company expects to end the full-year with revenue between $10.13 billion and $10.16 billion.
Revenue growth was slightly ahead of its revised forecast. Operating margins were within the target range of 19-20 per cent as the company absorbed the impact of annual wage increases during the third quarter, said Karen McLoughlin, Chief Financial Officer, Cognizant.
Cognizant’s balance sheet remains strong as cash and short-term investments increased during the quarter by almost $500 million to $4.6 billion.
Later this quarter, it anticipates utilising $1.7 billion of this cash, in addition to $1 billion of floating-rate debt through a syndicated term loan, to fund the previously announced acquisition of TriZetto, she said in the release. While discussing the results with analysts in a conference call, D’Souza said the company had invested over the past three years to build its digital capabilities.
The company closed the quarter with 1,255 active customers, and the number of accounts that it considered strategic increased by seven, to 264. These accounts have the potential to ramp up to at least $5 million or more than $50 million in annual revenue, said McLoughlin.
Consulting and technology services, and outsourcing services represented 53.5 per cent and 46.5 per cent of revenue respectively for the quarter, she said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Hot air balloon lands tourists from West Indies in AjmerjailPrint
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: November 5, 2014 7:59 pm
A hot air balloon ‘landed’ two foreign tourists in Ajmer jail on Tuesday and left jail authorities in a tizzy. The two women from West Indies had set sail along with an operator from Pushkar when the latter lost control of the hot air balloon due to strong winds and were directed towards neighbouring Ajmer jail.
The roll call of inmates had just got over when the hot air balloon descended on the jail premises taking the authorities by surprise. The tourists, both journalists on a tour of the ongoing annual Pushkar Fair, and the operator landed on the football field of the jail and were detained by the authorities for interrogation. They told the authorities that they wanted to take pictures of a bird’s eye view of the fair and so had chosen to sail on the hot air balloon. Both of them are siblings in their early 20s.
Officials said that they were alarmed as the incident amounted to a security lapse. A probe has been ordered and license to run the hot air balloons has been suspended. The hot air balloons were a big attraction this year at the Pushkar Fair but have now been grounded.
Sub inspector, Civil Lines police station Hanuman Vishnoi said, “When the operator saw that they were sailing over the Anasagar Lake, he got alarmed and tried to control the movement of the balloon. The nearest landing was the police lines and even though he steered towards it, the strong winds made the balloon sway further up to the Ajmer jail.”
The tourists told locals that they were treated well by the jail authorities during the interrogation but were so taken aback by the experience that they stuck to camel and elephant rides on Wednesday.
Officials said that a total of three hot air balloons had lost control on Tuesday and gone astray. The other two were recovered near Vaishali Nagar and Topdara areas in Ajmer that is 20 kms away from Pushkar.

Togadia again: Says Bangladeshi infiltrators should be sent back  Hindu refugees givencitizenshipPravin Togadia
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 5, 2014 7:43 pm
Vishwa Hindu Parishad working president Praveen Togadia on Wednesday said Muslim infiltrators from Bangladesh should be sent back and Hindu refugees should be given citizenship.
“Any Muslim from Bangladesh is an infiltrator and should be pushed back to Bangladesh and any Hindu from Bangladesh has been persecuted and is a refugee. They should be given Indian citizenship. About 50,000 Hindus have come from Bangladesh who should be given permanent citizenship here and all Hindus should be ensured of food, education, health and employment,” Togadia said at a press conference here.
Togadia said infiltration was a national issue and not isolated in Bengal alone. “Along with Bengal, there are about 3 crore infiltrators in Assam, Delhi and Mumbai. They are using India’s resources and employment,” he said.
Referring to terrorism, he said, “Instead of talking about Bengal alone, we should be worried about security in reference to Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Assam, Bengal and Kashmir. It is a concern for BJP-ruled states and otherwise. All state governments should work in tandem with the Central government to protect India against cross-border terrorism.”
Calling for all madrasas in West Bengal to be shut down, he said: “It has been proved beyond doubt that madrasas are breeding grounds of terror and they should be shut and people running those should be tried in the court of law. The Hindus who are going to those madrasas could go to other schools.”
“We Hindus are majority in India. We will have a greater say and everyone should respect Hindu views,” he said.
Tagodia also said the Centre needed to act against the economic aggression of China. “Central government must take serious note of the Chinese economic aggression on India which is making millions unemployed and turning several industries defunct,” he said.

Moldy hot dogs  human hair and other cafeteria nightmares prompt students to boycott school lunchesAnd this:
Farmington High School lunch boycott (Courtesy of Joe Miano)
In a statement, Tom O’Donnell, the regional director of Chartwells K12, told Boston.com : “We stand by our food quality and have maintained a strong record with the health department. We are aware of the complaints shared on social media and are working to verify them, and will respond with appropriate action if they are deemed credible.”
Last week, in advance of the boycott, students documented some of their complaints about the Chartwells food to the local Fox affiliate .
“I know a lot of students have found hairs in their food,” said Eugnie Chen, a Farmington senior.
Freshman Sam Grabowski-Clark told the station that he brings his own lunch to school but worries about his friends.
“Just really poor quality food that I wouldn’t even feed a dog,” he said.
A Facebook page dedicated to the Chartwells boycott had more than 550 members. In addition to trading horror stories and stomach-churning food photography, members of the group laid out their demands with a mission statement devoid of subtlety:
“One day (a week, if possible) we won’t buy from them until they stop serving us food that tastes bad and is obviously unhealthy and unsanitary. Make them lose a little money and waste some food like they do when they throw students food out right in front of their faces if they can’t afford it.”
Other demands include lower costs for meals, higher quality ingredients, food labels that identify allergens and a greater respect for students.
Responding to The Post’s questions about the student boycott, a spokesman for district superintendent Kathleen C. Greider said in statement: “The Farmington school district works closely with Chartwells to provide healthy, nutritious and appealing meals to students that meet national dietary guidelines. These guidelines changed the year that Chartwells joined the Farmington school district.
“Even with these changes, we are currently experiencing very favorable participation levels in our lunch program, especially at the high school level. Students are provided a significant number of food options at the high school level, and Chartwells strives to continuously enhance these options. In fact, Chartwells sends out periodic surveys to determine strengths, needs and to determine ways to deliver food options that are locally grown, fresh and nutritious.”
Organizers said they expect the boycott to continue Wednesday, when students return to class after a professional development day. Those who bypass the boycott, opting for the lunch menu instead, will have a variety of options to choose from, including: “Spicy Marinara & Beef Meatballs,” “Chicken Tender Strips w/Biscuit,” “Veggie Lovers’ Pizza” — and, of course, hot dogs .
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Fortis to invest money from foreign asset s...Dental Corporation Holdings Ltd
(Healthcare major Fortis…)
NEW DELHI: Healthcare major Fortis plans to utilise the money earned from selling overseas businesses to strengthen the balance sheet and invest those funds in the Indian market.
"We are 100 per cent India centric. We were 50:50 in India and international some years ago. But now we have exited our international businesses. We have brought all that money back. We have brought all the profits back to India," Fortis Healthcare Executive Chairman Malvinder Singh said.
"We are using all that money to strengthen our balance sheet to make more investments and grow our India business," he told reporters on the sidelines of India Economic Summit.
He said Fortis will grow business on the healthcare and pathology sides in the Indian market.
"We are growing well. We will make investments but they will be India centric only," Singh added.
Earlier this year, Fortis had decided to divest 100 per cent stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for Rs 650 crore.
Last year, it completed the sale of entire 65 per cent stake in Vietnam-based hospital chain Fortis Hoan My Medical Corporation for $80 million. The healthcare firm had also sold its stake in Hong Kong-based Quality Healthcare to Bupa for $355 million.
In 2012, Fortis Healthcare International Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare sold 64 per cent stake in Dental Corporation Holdings Ltd , Australia, to Bupa, for AUD 270 million.
When asked if tax benefits would help the healthcare sector grow in India, Singh said: "I certainly believe tax incentives in healthcare would be able to attract more investments which the industry needs to be able to provide accessibility and affordability to the people."
Appreciating the efforts of the new government, Singh said: "I think the government is on a very strong and a very clear path... I am sure they will continue to build upon this."
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1EinnIgFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs as GOP takes Senate
Wall Street investors are driving major market indexes higher Wednesday -- the Dow hitting a new all-time high -- after the Republican party secured control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years on Tuesday.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs as GOP takes Senate Wall Street investors are driving major market indexes higher Wednesday -- the Dow hitting a new all-time high -- after the Republican party secured control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years on Tuesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qpmlSA
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
43
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs as GOP takes Senate
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:13 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Video Keywords White House Washington Obama
USA TODAY's David Callaway discusses what election night and the Republicans taking over the Senate mean for Wall Street. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  The real big news of the night is GOP wins
00:03  today. We know about the reaction of the main street what's
00:06  the likely reaction on Wall Street. Wall Street you know like
00:10  this a lot the reaction almost it's gonna be different than
00:12  any reaction main street main street politics yeah a lot of
00:16  folks who like that Obama. Party lost a lot will not
00:19  like it and I'll be gridlock and Obey problems Wall Street
00:23  loves gridlock. Wall Street loves. Nothing happening in Washington that. Their
00:28  foot is no uncertainty. For Wall Street so the best years
00:32  of Wall Street history of always condor and gridlocked congress and
00:35  White House. Well so I a couple of general principles are
00:39  much discipline. This is GOP need to to take this advantage
00:44  of wood into something. A consequence and we're sixteen for the
00:48  presidential. Well of course that's the big question here will lay.
00:51  Get cocky with this win and determined that it is a
00:54  mandate for their policies and move forward to the right which
00:57  would be dangerous when it went back. They won because they
01:00  put together some really quality candidates in the key states. And
01:05  it's a actually they can build on that level far better
01:08  chance in 2016. The many given them credit for however they
01:12  take it as a mandate they moved too far right. They
01:15  put themselves back in danger again. About the Democrats the kids
01:18  at Winston and the next three years what what what's your
01:21  task. Well their task is to rebuild they've got a lot
01:24  of work to do in the next two years not just
01:26  in putting forth the presidential candidate Hillary or whoever. But how
01:30  they can rebuild and some of the states that they lost
01:32  some of them to where Obama had one of the presidential
01:34  election so. They've got a big task ahead of them and
01:37  I think. Part of it was the win in 2012. Made
01:41  them a little cocky and they gave they gave some big
01:43  strides to the GOP.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
876 CONNECT 283 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 43 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks jumped back into record territory Wednesday after the Republican party secured control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years Tuesday.
Investors are hoping for a more business-friendly approach from Washington in terms of taxes and regulations.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 100.69 points, or 0.6%, to a record closing high of 17,484.53 and set a new intraday high of 17,486.59.
The Standard & Poor's jumped 11.47, or 0.6%, to an all-time closing high of 2023.57.
Bucking the positive trend, the Nasdaq composite index dipped 2.91 points, or 0.1%, to 4620.72.
It seemed clear that Nov. 4 was going to be a very good day for the Republicans. It just wasn't clear HOW good http://t.co/k2ZzCkXABJ
Historically, Wall Street thrives with a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president , according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
"Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945," Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
The Republican landslide, which gave it full control of both chambers of Congress , does matter to markets. But, "we wouldn't say this election is a game changer," says Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management. He dubs the change in the U.S. political landscape a "modest shift."
INVESTING: What the election means for your money
Oil prices halted their recent slide and rose for the first time in five days, climbing $1.50 to $78.74 a barrel. Oil prices have been in a slump since the summer and fell further at the start of the week after Saudi Arabia decided to sell its oil at bargain prices to the U.S. in a bid to maintain its market share amid a boom in U.S. production.
In economic news:
• Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that b usinesses added 230,000 jobs in October, possibly foreshadowing another strong month of employment gains in the government's closely watched report due Friday.
• Services firms expanded more slowly in October , but the pace of growth was still healthy. Hiring also rose to the fastest pace in more than nine years.
Chrysler Group gained after it said it had third-quarter net income of $611 million, up 32% from a year ago. Revenue was $20.7 billion, up 18%. The automaker ( FCAU ) said it sold 711,000 vehicles worldwide in the quarter, up 18%.
In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.4%, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.6% and the Shanghai composite fell 0.5%.
European benchmarks posted strong gains, with Britain's FTSE 100 up 1.3%, Germany's DAX 1.6% higher and France's CAC 40 leaping 1.9%.
Contributing: James R. Healey, William Cummings, The Associated Press.
Victory and concession speeches of 2014 election in 90 seconds
Watch the highlights of the victory and concession speeches for the 2014 election.
1 of 23
See more video
Wendy Davis defeated in Texas governor's race
Texas gubernatorial candidate Wendy Davis loses to Republican candidate Greg Abbott. The Democratic state senator stayed at her election watch party to shake the hand of the last of her supporters. VPC
2 of 23
See more video
USA TODAY's Susan Page: GOP gets control with cushion
Republicans officially seized the Senate majority for the first time in eight years on Tuesday night. USA TODAY's Susan Page says this shows how frustrated the voters have been with Washington.
3 of 23
See more video
Republican Thom Tillis wins election to Senate
Republicans rolled up the string of victories they needed Tuesday night to seize control the Senate, the biggest prize in the midterm elections, and North Carolina put them over the top in what became the most expensive Senate race in the nation. (N AP
4 of 23
See more video
Republican wave rips Senate away from Democrats
Republicans took over the Senate from Democrats and captured big wins across the country in a convincing and dramatic victory in the 2014 elections. VPC
5 of 23
See more video
Tennessee lets lawmakers restrict abortions
Tennessee voters backed Amendment 1 by a solid margin. The measure gives state lawmakers more power to restrict and regulate abortions. VPC
6 of 23
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal wins another term
Republican Nathan Deal has been re-elected as governor of Georgia, holding back Democratic challenger Jason Carter.
7 of 23
See more video
Landrieu ready to face Cassidy in Dec. runoff
Democratic incumbent Senator Mary Landrieu and Republican Bill Cassidy will face off in a December 6th runoff election. (Nov. 4) AP
8 of 23
See more video
Perdue: Georgians wants someone to fight for them
Republican David Perdue has won the Georgia Senate race, defeating Democrat Michelle Nunn. He announced to a cheering crowd that he wants to work to fix a "broken Washington."
9 of 23
See more video
Michigan's Gary Peters gets key victory for Dems
Democrats get an important victory in Michigan's mid-term elections soon after the polls closed with U.S. Rep. Gary Peters winning a U.S. Senate seat.
10 of 23
See more video
Cotton plans to get straight to work after winning Arkansas
The winner of the Senate race in Arkansas, Tom Cotton, beat out his Democratic opponent, Mark Pryor. Cotton says he plans to get straight to work in his new role.
11 of 23
See more video
Rick Scott wins in Florida, supporters 'oblivious'
Florida Republican Rick Scott defeated Democrat Charlie Crist in one of the most closely watched gubernatorial races in the country.
12 of 23
See more video
McConnell: Parties don't have to always conflict
The win puts Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky) in prime position to become the Senate's next Majority Leader if the GOP can win the six seats it needs to wrest control of the chamber from Democrats.
13 of 23
See more video
Grimes concedes Kentucky Senate race
Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes gave a heartfelt concession speech in Louisville Tuesday following her projected loss to longtime Sen. Mitch Mcconnell. (Nov. 4) AP
14 of 23
See more video
Signs Point to Good night for GOP
Results are starting to pour in from the midterm elections that will determine control of the Senate and early indicators are that it will be a strong night for Republicans. AP's Steve Peoples takes a look at some of the early races. (Nov. 4) AP
15 of 23
See more video
GOP's Capito wins Senate seat in West Virginia
Republican Shelley Moore Capito has soundly defeated Democrat Natalie Tennant in West Virginia's open U.S. Senate race. (Nov. 4) AP
16 of 23
See more video
Flashy map shows Twitter trends on Election Day
People took to Twitter to announce when they voted on November 4th. This interactive map shows the trends throughout the U.S. on Election Day.
17 of 23
See more video
Cotton: The people of Arkansas have made their choice
Republican Tom Cotton is the projected winner of the Senate race in Arkansas. Speaking to a crowded room of supporters, he stated that it is a true honor to serve the state that he calls home.
18 of 23
Election 2014 in one word
Watch: College students describe the election in one word Your Take/USA TODAY College
19 of 23
See more video
Voting machine problems anger Virginia candidate
Officials with Rep. Scott Rigell and Virginia's Republican Party are calling for paper ballots after receiving reports of problems with some voting machines. Voters say when they select one candidate, the machines choose another. VPC
20 of 23
See more video
Facebook and Twitter play bigger role on Election Day
It's finally here. Election Day. Find out how social media platforms are getting into the game of politics. VPC
21 of 23
See more video
Polling problems turn some voters away in Indiana
Some voters in Floyd County, Indiana were asked to go to different places at the last minute due to problems with voting machines. Others waited in unusually long lines. VPC
22 of 23
See more video
'Can I join your party?': Top election pickup lines
Do more than just exercise your right to vote at the polls this Election Day. (USA NEWS, USA TODAY)
23 of 23

Tata Global Beverages Q2 net down 65% to Rs 62.45 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Global Beverages Q2 net down 65% to Rs 62.45 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
Tata Global Beverages Ltd today reported a 65.31 per cent decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 62.45 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 180.03 crore for the same period of previous fiscal, aided by exceptional income of Rs 92.05 crore.
Net sales during the quarter under review stood at Rs 1,964.41 crore, up 3.05 per cent, compared to Rs 1,906.23 crore during the same period in the previous fiscal, Tata Global Beverages Ltd (TGBL) said in a BSE filing.
TGBL Managing Director and CEO Ajoy Misra said: “We will continue to focus on innovations based on strong consumer insight across tea, coffee and water. The last quarter has seen new launches and campaigns across geographies in spite of a challenging market environment.”
Shares of TGBL closed at Rs 161.65 apiece on BSE, down 1.25 per cent from the previous close.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Brigade Enterprises reports 13% rise in profit in Q2Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Brigade Enterprises reports 13% rise in profit in Q2
PTI
Tweet
Bengaluru, Nov 5:  
City-based real estate major Brigade Enterprises has posted a 13 per cent jump in profit after tax to Rs 21.5 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014. The company had posted a net profit of Rs 19 crore during the corresponding period last year.
It said total revenue of the company stood at Rs 329.2 crore in the September quarter period, up from Rs 180.8 crore in the year-ago period.
“When you see the y-o-y number, PAT is 13 per cent higher. It should have been more, but the provision we have made is about extra Rs 4 crore,” Brigade Enterprises CFO Suresh K said. “The profit after tax which we have shown is very conservative,” he added.
Suresh also said “going forward we expect we will be able to have 30 to 40 per cent higher volume of sales compared to last year. Last year, we performed around 2.6 million sq ft of sales. This year we are confident of doing around 3 to 3.5 million sq ft sales.”
“We had told you on plan for about 7 million sq ft of residential space to be launched during this year. So far we have already launched about 3 million sq ft of this. We are planning to do the balance during rest of this year, most of this is in Bangalore,” he pointed out.
Earnings per share (EPS) were Rs 1.92 per share vis-a-vis Rs 1.69 per share.
M R Jaishankar, Chairman and Managing Director, Brigade Enterprises, said a combination of sales from ongoing projects and new projects that have come for revenue recognition in this quarter contributed to the growth in revenues in the residential segment.
“A stable government at the centre and improving business environment have revived the consumer sentiment in the country,” he said.
“Q2 has been very good for Brigade Enterprises Limited and the company is well positioned to leverage its performance with planned launches of about 6 mn sq.ft within the next 2 quarters,” he added.
On the company’s operational performance, Suresh said that real estate space aggregating to about 0.8 million sq.ft., valued at Rs 408.7 crore was sold during the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Brigade Enterprises launched 1.05 million sq. ft of residential space in Bengaluru during the second quarter ended September 30, 2014. It also launched 0.17 million sq. ft of hospitality space in the city during the quarter.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Airbus reaches 1 080 gross orders in January...Over a similar period, between Jan. 1 and Oct. 28, U.S. rival Boeing recorded 1,117 gross orders and 1,011 net orders.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Airbus sold three aircraft in October to bring its total orders for the year to 1,080 jets, the European planemaker said on Wednesday.
After adjusting for cancellations, which remained unchanged from September at 286 aircraft for the year to date, Airbus posted net orders of 794 aircraft between January and October.
Airbus delivered 493 jets in the first 10 months of 2014, including 22 A380 superjumbos.
Over a similar period, between Jan. 1 and Oct. 28, U.S. rival Boeing recorded 1,117 gross orders and 1,011 net orders.
Airbus figures do not yet include a provisional order for 250 jets won from Indian budget carrier IndiGo last month. Airbus has said it expects this to be finalized by end-year.

Govt may revisit M&A guidelines for telecom...Government to revisit M&A guidelines for telecom sector, if needed: Ravi Shankar Prasad
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 08.48PM IST
Tags:
Ravi Shankar Prasad
(The government will revisit…)
NEW DELHI: The government will revisit the the merger and acquisition guidelines for the telecom sector, if need arises, IT & Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said today while assuring that issues concerning the sector will be looked into.
"I have already constituted a committee headed by Telecom Secretary to revisit guidelines...I have instructed the Secretary to look into issues of stakeholders and if there is a need to revisit merger and acquisition guidelines, do that," Prasad said at the India Economic Summit here.
The committee, headed by Telecom Secretary Rakesh Garg, will also look into issues concerning the telecom sector, like the ease of doing business.
The committee's first meeting took place today wherein industry associations raised their concerns.
Telecom operators have long been demanding changes in the M&A rules, terming them difficult. Vodafone India chief Marten Pieters had said that companies should be allowed to buy assets of a particular firm such as spectrum and not the entire firm which has a lot of debt in its books.
Sectoral regulator TRAI had also said M&A rules need to be reworked for any pick-up in consolidation activity.
About the spectrum auction, the Minister said Department of Telecom (DoT) is in talks with the Defence Ministry for release of extra spectrum.
"We are going to have new spectrum auction also. We are in discussion with Minister of Defence for the release of extra spectrum. We want to make the whole regime transparent, with the twin objective of growth and consumer interest in mind," Prasad said.
TRAI had also said that extra spectrum from defence should be put to auction along with the spectrum in 900 and 1800 MHz bands.
Prasad also said spectrum trading and sharing guidelines would be in place by the end of this year.
"We are going to straighten spectrum issues soon, spectrum sharing and trading guidelines would be in place by end of this year," he added.
Prasad said the government is pushing electronics manufacturing in the country in a big way. He said India is now importing electronics good worth USD 100 billion year and the import bill is likely to cross USD 400 billion by 2020.
He also highlighted the importance of National Optical Fibre Network (NOFN) mission, that aims to provide high-speed broadband connectivity to 2.50 lakh gram panchayats in India by March, 2017.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1y3JgHlIn case you were keeping track, Europe’s bond yields are the lowest since the 15th century.
The U.S. stock market is now more than half the S&P Broad Market Index, the first time this has happened since the index’s inception in 1989, says Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst for S&P Dow Jones indexes.
Private sector employment increased by 230,000 jobs from September to October , according to the October ADP National Employment Report.
A perfect stock market indicator: Buybacks. But not in a good way. “Corporate America’s track record buying in stock is just horrendous. It’s terrible. We are now again approaching a peak of buyback activity, no matter how you measure it. The prior peak occurred in the second half of 2007, the last market peak. The trough in corporate buyback activity? Early ’09.”
The November Mutual Fund Observer is out. Read it.
Bears discover photography! No word on where the human photographer might be.

http://www.telegraph.co....Economics
Europe's bond yields lowest since 15th century Genoa on deflation, Russia risk
German, French and Dutch yields have been sliding for months as the eurozone    recovery wilts and several countries flirt with recession
David Owen, from Jeffries, said investors are starting to price in quantitative easing by the ECB Photo: Reuters
Comments
Bond yields have fallen to the lowest level in modern history in Germany,    France and the eurozone’s core states, signalling a high risk of deflation    and mounting concerns about sanctions against Russia.
The yield on German 10-year bonds fell to a record low of 1.11pc in intra-day    trading, partly on safe-haven flows. French yields dropped in tandem to    1.5pc. These levels are far below rates hit during the 1930s or even during    the deflationary episodes of the 19th Century.
“Yields fell this low in Genoa in the 15th century but there has been nothing    like this in Europe in modern times,” said professor Richard Werner, from    Southampton University. “This reflects the weakness in nominal GDP and a    slow economic implosion caused by credit contraction. The European Central    Bank is at last starting to act but it is only scratching the surface.”
German, French and Dutch yields have been sliding for months as the eurozone    recovery wilts and several countries flirt with recession, but the latest    plunge reflects a confluence of forces. “Investors may fear that the    worsening tensions with Russia could be the external shock that finally    pushes the eurozone into a deflation trap,” said Simon Tilford, from the    Centre for European Reform.
Bond yields have also fallen to all-time lows in Spain and Italy but the “risk-spread” over German Bunds has been widening over recent weeks. The    cost of insuring Italy’s debt through credit default swaps has risen by a    third since June.
Related Articles
Europe braced for any gas crisis as Russia sanctions escalate
22 Jul 2014
European diplomats reached a deal on Tuesday on “tier 3” sanctions aimed at    shutting Russian banks out of global capital markets and slowly suffocating    the Russian economy, though the original plan to limit technology for oil    and gas exploration has been diluted. Creditors have already frozen a $1.5bn    loan for VTB bank due to be agreed last week.
The European Commission said the measures are likely to cut 0.3pc of GDP off    EU economic growth this year, and 0.4pc next year, even if the crisis is    contained without a serious disruption of energy supplies. “This is a    significant hit to growth. It implies such low growth in parts of southern    Europe that it makes it almost impossible to arrest the rise in debt    ratios,” said Mr Tilford.
The Moscow newspaper Izvestia said Russia’s parliament is already drawing up    legislation to blacklist “aggressor countries”, specifically targeting    auditors and consultants. These include Deloitte, KPMG, EY (formerly known    as Ernst & Young), Boston Consulting and McKinsey.
Tim Ash, from Standard Bank, said this would trigger clauses on bond covenants    that rely on external audits. “If they go down this path they could provoke    a brutal market reaction,” he said.
David Owen, from Jefferies, said a lack of genuine economic recovery is what    lies behind Europe’s falling yields, already replicating the pattern seen in    Japan in the 1990s. “A third of all countries in the eurozone are already in    deflation once you strip away taxes, and another four have no inflation,    including France and Spain,” he said.
“Corporate profits fell in the first quarter, and so did household disposable    income, if you exclude Germany. We are seeing no growth at all in world    trade, which is highly unusual. The CPB trade index rolled over in May and    fell 0.6pc,” he said.
Mr Owen said investors are starting to price in quantitative easing by the    ECB, which would entail sovereign bond purchases and potentially push yields    lower. The Bundesbank would be the biggest buyer on a pro-rata basis under    the ECB’s “key”, but German debt is relatively scarce. “Investors know this    and it is driving Bund yields even lower,” he said.
For Russia, deep recession looks inevitable. The commission said sanctions    will cut Russia’s growth by 1.5pc in 2014, and by 4.8pc in 2015. A return to    the Soviet stagnation of the early 1980s is becoming all too likely.
Can Mario Draghi solve the Eurozone's problems?
 

Wall St. up after midterm vote  ADP data; Dow hits recordWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

GTA receives Rs 8 crore for Sidrapong hydel power plantGTA receives Rs 8 crore for Sidrapong hydel power plant
Govt may revisit M&A guidelines for telecom sectorGovt may revisit M&A guidelines for telecom sector
Reforms are continuous  not about one sensational idea: JaitleyReforms are continuous  not about one sensational idea: Jaitley
Sebi mulls allowing foreign VCs in infra investment firmsSebi mulls allowing foreign VCs in infra investment firms
Int l investors viewing India as global investment destination: Arun JaitleyInt l investors viewing India as global investment destination: Arun Jaitley
Gold  silver crash to fresh lows on panic selling  global cuesGold  silver crash to fresh lows on panic selling  global cues
India committed for infrastructure development in RwandaIndia committed for infrastructure development in Rwanda
ARC Ratings to provide sovereign rating on IndiaARC Ratings to provide sovereign rating on India
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
ARC Ratings, an international credit rating agency, will by this month end or early December firm up its sovereign rating of India, its Managing Director and Chief Alexandra Mousavizadeh has said.
It will join select group of international rating agencies including Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investors Service who are now providing a sovereign rating of India.
India will be the first country where Europe–based ARC Ratings will provide a sovereign rating, Alexandra said.
For the sovereign rating, ARC Ratings will use the rating scale currently used by S&P, Alexandra told Business Line here on Wednesday.
This will ensure that users don’t need to revamp the ratings
Plans are afoot to come out with a financial stability rating (for India) be February next year.
Malaysia and Indonesia could be the next countries where it plans to provide a sovereign rating, she said.
ARC Ratings is also looking to provide sovereign ratings for several African countries.
India-based rating agency Credit Analysis and Research Ltd (CARE) is one of the founding partners of ARC Ratings and has 20 percent equity interest in this international rating agency. .
Top brass of ARC Ratings including Alexandra are currently in India to hold discussions with the Finance Ministry and the Reserve Bank of India on their sovereign ratings methodology.
ARC TO BE DIFFERENT
Asked how ARC Ratings plans to differentiate itself from the Big three credit rating agencies on the sovereign ratings front, Alexandra said there will not be an over-emphasis on GDP per capita.
Over emphasis on GDP per capita –practised by other competitors—was not the right approach, she said.
ARC Ratings sovereign methodology will among other issues factor in crucial aspect of contingent liabilities, she added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Delhi elections: Congress struggles to make a comebackParty banks on new generation of leaders to set the course
New Delhi, November 5:  
As the dates for the Delhi Assembly elections are to be announced soon, the State unit of the Congress is keenly waiting for an opportunity to strike back.
After making numerous efforts to project unity in the party, the Congress is hopeful of regaining some of its lost space from the AAP. However, party leaders agree that coming back to power is going to be a much harder job.
The party is reposing its faith on a new bunch of leaders, including DPCC chief Arvinder Singh Lovely and Congress legislature party leader Haroon Yusuf.
A senior Congress leader said the DPCC president will lead the party’s campaign in Delhi. “In the absence of a chief minister, the campaign will naturally be led by the PCC president. Lovely is popular and energetic. He will lead the campaign,” the senior leader told BusinessLine.
With the exit of Sheila Dikshit from active politics in Delhi, the leader said, there has been a change in the direction of the party.
“A new generation of leadership has emerged. They are committed to the party. They never stopped working since the last Assembly and Lok Sabha elections. Things are changing for the better in the party. However, the experience of senior leaders like Sheila Dikshit and JP Agarwal will be used during the campaign,” he added.
A news report that Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi has formed a team consisting of controversial leaders Jagdish Tytler and Sajjan Kumar to make poll preparations, meanwhile, created some controversy within the party.
The All India Congress Committee (AICC) vehemently denied the “rumours”. Blaming media for publishing reports without verifying facts, party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi said no such panel has been formed. He asked media to keep off rumours.
Rejuvenating the party
A section in the Congress believes that the report was generated by a top leader from the AICC office. “The high command should keep an eye on the so-called leaders who want to rejuvenate the party,” warned another senior leader.
The Congress hopes that it has chances in Western and Eastern Delhi constituencies. The party believes that the BJP cannot build a campaign based on the Prime Minister every time.
It also feels that the AAP is facing severe internal conflicts and that this will worsen at the time of seat distribution.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Science of enterprise valuation decodedScience of enterprise valuation decoded
N Ramakrishnan
K Ramakrishnan (left), Executive Director and Head - Investment anking, Spark Capital Advisors, and Mahesh Murthy, Founder-Partner, Seedfund, at TiECon Chennai. - N. RAMAKRISHNAN
“Most company valuations are arbitrary: A debate on the recent trends in valuation of companies.”
This was the topic of a brief but most interesting session at TiE Chennai’s annual conference last week.
In a gathering of entrepreneurs and investors, if you expected both the participants – one an investor who backs entrepreneurs at the early stage and the other an investment banker who helps entrepreneurs raise money – to speak the same language, you were in for a big surprise.
Mahesh Murthy, founder of early-stage investment firm Seedfund, surprisingly speaking for the motion, was emphatic that valuation was a simple reflection of the sentiments out in the market. “There is nothing rational. It is quite arbitrary. People out there have to justify it either way,” he argued.
If you get high valuations, you have to give higher returns to the investors and most valuations have to be higher than the previous round of fund-raising. Valuations depended on how much you were going to invest and were driven by how much stake was being taken. “They are not justifiable by anybody except by investment bankers who have to justify their fees,” he said. It was a game that had to be played. The subject you really had to study if you wanted to understand valuation was psychology, Mahesh said and argued that there was chaos and unpredictability all around and how a company was valued depended entirely on who had the upper hand.
Countering him, K Ramakrishnan, Executive Director and Head – Investment Banking, Spark Capital Advisors, said for close to two-and-a-half decades as an investment banker he had been called upon to represent the case of an entrepreneur in front of an investor. Valuation, as in the case of beauty, lies in the eye of the beholder, and if you are not able to comprehend it, you cannot dismiss it as arbitrary.
Valuation included elements of science, logic, a bit of arbitrariness, it was specific to a given situation and was circumstantial. It depended on revenues, profitability, growth, passion of the entrepreneur and uniqueness of the idea or the business model. There was a dope of irrationality too, but as long as it only remained a dope, it was fine, he argued.
Quite often, Ramakrishnan argued, the science behind the valuation of an enterprise was not fully explained and because of the information asymmetry, there was a doubt.
At the end of this close to 10-minute debate, the nearly 1,000-strong gathering was asked to vote. Any guesses for who won? The one who spoke in favour of the motion, by an overwhelming majority.
Mahesh Murthy of Seedfund got nearly 70 per cent of the votes polled!
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Why Green Teams Matterreddit
As a sustainability coordinator, it's my job to inspire, engage and support salesforce.com employees who are passionate about environmental issues. I manage a program called earthforce, a group of volunteer employee champions dedicated to promoting and celebrating environmental responsibility at salesforce.com. Earthforce members raise awareness around key issues such as energy conservation and efficiency, recycling and composting, responsible purchasing, low-carbon commuting and much more. They also identify and support the implementation of solutions that help our company operate in a more environmentally sustainable way.
I've discovered firsthand that green teams like earthforce play a very special role in enhancing the workplace, and not always in the ways you'd expect. Of course, there are the obvious results that I care deeply about: earthforce helps us conserve natural resources and be a top-notch corporate citizen. Each small good deed, from turning off the lights to recycling and supporting local environmental nonprofits, adds up. Because of this, engaging employees is an important part of our larger environmental strategy.
Earthforce is also providing a vehicle for social connection. In fact, members often work closely with coworkers they would not meet otherwise because they are in a different department, office or country. For me personally, seeing friendly earthforce faces everywhere I go makes our urban campus of thousands feel more like a small, welcoming neighborhood. Earthforce connections are meaningful because we are actually collaborating on sustainability projects, environmental volunteering opportunities and educational events. For me, volunteering together at a local nonprofit forges a stronger bond than chatting at a traditional networking event.
Earthforce members often get involved in ways that extend beyond their job description. For example, one of our earthforce groups recently designed and executed an office-wide education campaign after recycling services were added to the building. This was a challenging, yet fun way for them to collectively stretch their marketing muscles, although none of them are marketing professionals. I am inspired by such examples of what just a few people can accomplish together.
Individuals on earthforce can also step into a leadership role no matter where they sit within the company. In fact, across many different regions, our office managers have become key sustainability leaders by leveraging what they know about keeping the office running smoothly. From sourcing more eco-friendly office supplies and snacks to preventing food waste, each small change gets us closer to our goals. Moreover, employees tell me that being more engaged in this way makes them happier, more effective team members who feel even more proud to work at salesforce.com.
Connecting people in new and better ways is what we are all about as a company and I'm thrilled that earthforce has become a powerful way to embrace this value internally.
Salesforce.com leverages the power of our people and our products to reduce the impact that we and our customers have on the planet. From how we deliver our products to our focus on renewable energy, the salesforce.com Sustainability Department works to incorporate sustainability into all aspects of our business. Ojure manages global engagement and sustainability reporting for the Sustainability Department. To learn more about sustainability at salesforce.com, visit www.salesforce.com/company/sustainability.
More:

Nairobis Silicon Savannah© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83b0b4f4-5fa5-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Im not going to pretend everything I did was right - Farewell to man who saw EU through crisis© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4624563a-640b-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to Find (and Keep) Your Ideal Creative Partnerreddit
When Carl Jung met Sigmund Freud, they "talked uninterruptedly for thirteen hours," writes Joshua Wolf Shenk in his inspiring book, Powers of Two: Finding the Essence of Innovation in Creative Pairs . Two people so hungry to devour each other's thoughts and stories, and so delighted to be understood and challenged by the other that they would engage in a day-long conversation: It sounds like falling in love or bonding with a destined-to-be-close friend.
Just as with a romantic or platonic soul mate, finding an ideal creative collaborator is life-altering and enriching, for the pairs and sometimes even for the world at large. In the book, Shenk, who also wrote Lincoln's Melancholy , first dismantles the cherished myth of the "lone genius" who invents and discovers in isolation, and then reveals the common characteristics and complicated dynamics of fruitful teams. Shenk quotes the eminent neuroscientist John Cacioppo while making the former point: "'In fact, the idea that the center of our psychological universe, and even our physiological experience is 'me'-this just fundamentally misrepresents us as a species.'"
The book recounts dramatic stories of legendary collaborators including John Lennon and Paul McCartney, Suzanne Farrell and George Balanchine, and Francis Crick and James Watson, but also provides guidelines for readers eager to find and develop these special relationships (ones that might simultaneously be characterized as romantic, friendship-based, or merely collegial) for themselves. We envision big ideas and expressions as radiating from one head; in fact they are often best imagined as an ongoing series of intellectual and emotional sparks jumping between two minds (and hearts).
Starting from Zero
The first thing to do, Shenk writes, is to simply imagine that you could find an ace co-conspirator. "To try, press the green button -- not the red one -- when your phone rings. To try, ask for help -- send an e-mail: 'This is Major Tom to Ground Control.'"
Don't rely on fate alone, he warns. "If there is such a thing as fate, it works through human agents." You're likely to meet you future co-star through friends and acquaintances you already know.
Seek out a "magnet place" where you're apt to find those who share your interests and ideas. "When you speak of what you want, and even one person hears, it may begin a generative loop."
Different and the Same
It sounds like a paradox (and Shenk points out that the intersection of intimacy and creativity is rife with those), but you must be alike enough to get each other's goals, dreams, and mindsets, yet different enough to escort each other in exciting new directions. Such difference could arise from personality styles, for instance, or areas of specialization within a field.
"The individuals in great dyads will be very different from each other and very much alike. These simultaneous extremes generate the deep rapport and energizing friction that define a creative pair."
Roles and Dialectics
Being a productive creative collaborator entails playing one's role and appreciating the dialectical nature of golden creative output.
Some possible roles you and your partner might fulfill, Shenk suggests, are "The Liquid" that pours out ideas and the "Container" that catches and shapes the best of those, or the classic "Dreamer" and "Doer."
"Pairs...may take shape when each member of a team tends to a particular role, as with a player and a coach. There are also dialectics of turn-taking, as with a spotter and a sniper on a military team, where there are two defined roles but no one person assigned definitively to either. In a final twist, we see how dialectics shape the internal workings of the creative mind itself--how even the thinking of a solitary person is, in a sense, relational."
Managing Emotions
There's the work itself, and then there's the work of maintaining the valuable relationship between collaborators: "So much of what people in a pair do for each other is balance praise and criticism and exploration and curiosity in an ongoing exchange. Emotional management is as important as any discrete creative advance, and balance is key here too....Francis Crick said that if he had a flawed idea, 'Watson would tell me in no uncertain terms this was nonsense, and vice-versa. If he would have some idea I didn't like, and I would say so, this would shake his thinking.' Crick believed it essential to be 'perfectly candid, one might almost say rude, to the person you're working with.' The death knell to real collaboration, he said, is 'politeness.'"
Here is Shenk's hard-won advice on the matter: " Some people need a cup of sugar for every drop of medicine. Give them the sugar. Some people can
take the medicine straight. Pour it out in generous doses."
Expecting Conflicts, Competition, and Disappointments
Machines that fly in the sky like giant birds or stirring songs that an overwhelming number of humans on Earth can sing along to, with joy, are not made under purely sunny conditions. "The coesxistence of cooperation and competition is more than institutional. It's basic to human relations and the human psyche. Everyone, the psychologist Elaine Aron explains, has two primary relational impulses: to link, or find common ground, and to rank, or establish hierarchical positions."
"Epic conflict is legion in pairs." Think Yoko.
"Accept that what makes you furious about your partner is wrapped up with what excites you." Anyone in any close relationship will smile in recognition at that incisive statement. Save the fury for later, and for now, go forth excitedly, and find the Trey Parker to your Matt Stone, the Jean-Paul Sartre to your Simone de Beauvoir, or the Sigmund Freud to your Carl Jung.
Follow Carlin Flora on Twitter: www.twitter.com/carlinf
More:

Brent crude drops further below $83 per barrelBrent crude drops further below $83 per barrel
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 5:  
Brent crude dropped further below $83 a barrel on Wednesday, stretching losses into a fifth session, as weak economic data from top energy consumer China stoked worries about demand in a market that is already battling a deepening global supply glut.
Services sector growth in China weakened in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed, coming just days after previous data revealed sluggish factory growth in the world’s second largest economy.
“We had expected this,’’ said Avtar Sandu, senior manager for commodities at Phillip Futures of the Chinese data.
“The market is already soft for Brent and the Chinese data is not going to help although the numbers are not a surprise.’’
Brent, US crude
Brent fell 28 cents to $82.54 a barrel by 0346 GMT.
US crude slipped 5 cents to $77.14, coming off a low of $75.84 hit in the previous session — its weakest since October 2011 — after data showed crude stocks unexpectedly fell last week as refineries boosted output.
US crude stocks
US crude stocks fell 639,000 barrels to 374.9 million in the week to October 31, compared with analysts’ expectations for an increase of 2.2 million barrels, data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute showed on Tuesday.
EIA inventory data
The market is now waiting for weekly inventory data from the US Department of Energy’s Energy Information Administration (EIA) later in the day for more clues on demand in the world’s top oil consumer.
Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic lost more than 2 per cent overnight after Saudi Arabia cut export prices to the United States threatening to deepen a global supply glut that has driven prices down 30 per cent since June.
EC growth forecast
A bleak outlook for Europe after the European Commission downgraded its forecast for euro zone economic growth over the next few years also weighed on oil prices.
“The downgraded forecast in Europe is not really a surprise but it is a reminder that there is a risk,’’ said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney on how the weak economic outlook could crimp demand.
“I think we are in a situation where the oil price needs to fall to a level where it actually results in supply changes. But what that level is, is what everybody is asking.’’
Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi is making his first visit in years to fellow exporters Venezuela and Mexico, although tumbling oil prices are not the stated purpose of the trip, according to officials and sources.
Still, the travel plans come at a pivotal moment for Saudi Arabia and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which meets later in November to discuss how to respond to the rout in global oil prices.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Sensex breaches 28 000-mark for first time  closes lowerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The BSE Sensex today breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Sensex breaches 28 000-mark for first time  closeslowerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The BSE Sensex today breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Soundclouds deal with Warner30
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Jawbones rival for iWatch30
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Survey: Financial services enjoy highest customer loyalty in IndiaMobile networks, tech brands follow banks in enjoying customer loyalty, finds Aimia study
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Financial services enjoy the highest level of consumer loyalty according to 50 per cent of the respondents of an online survey. This was followed by loyalty towards mobile networks (40 per cent) and technology brands (36 per cent).
A survey of over 2,500 online respondents in India, conducted by Aimia, a loyalty management and analytical firm, said, “Loyalty to financial services is also evident in loyalty card ownership, with banks scoring the highest with 40 per cent of respondents saying they are members of bank loyalty schemes and 31 per cent saying they are members of credit card loyalty schemes.”
Categories such as supermarkets and grocery rated lower in loyalty and membership compared to other markets surveyed. Indians cite reputation as their main reason for remaining loyal to specific banks; being rewarded for loyalty as the main reason for remaining with credit cards; price as the main reason for remaining with supermarkets and airlines; and quality as the main reason for remaining with fuel retailers and hotels.
“In this era of big data and competitive commerce, companies that win will drive real engagement by using consumer insights to continuously build trust and relevance. The Indian customer will reward brands that are transparent, offer added value and build real relationships with them,” Vikas Choudhury, COO & CFO, Aimia India.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Don t tarnish entire Muslim community: Maulana MadaniPrint
Maulana Mahmood Madani said 'the central agencies even before something is proved, is leaking things is creating problems for entire community'.
By: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:53 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:20 pm
Accusing central agencies and Ministry of Home Affairs of being involved in witchhunting in the Burdwan blast case, Jamat-Ulama-e-Hind general secretary Maulana Mahmood Madani on Wednesday alleged that a conspiracy is on to “tarnish” the entire Muslim community.
“If someone is guilty, then he should be punished. But please don’t indulge in witchhunting and tarnish the entire community. The central agencies even before something is proved, is leaking things about raids in madrasas which in turn is creating problems for the entire community,” he said.
“What was the central agencies and the Home Ministry doing when such activities were going on? If any unlawful thing is going on in madrasas and it is proved, we will fully cooperate with the agencies,” Madani said.
Madrasas operating in Bengal and throughout India work for the benefit of the masses, he asserted.
NIA, which is investigating the Burdwan blast, is probing links with suspected al-Qaeda and Jama’atul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terrorists with Simulia madrasa in the district as the accused were believed to have been indoctrinated there.
“A conspiracy is being hatched to malign the entire community. We have to fight against this community. I must say that the condition of Muslims in India is much better than their counterparts in other countries of the Indian sub continent.
“India belongs to all communities. During partition, we had the option of leaving India but our forefathers choose to be part of India. But if such kind of vilification campaign continues against us, then it will alienate the entire community,” he added.

Sensex ends at record high on hopes of reforms rate cutSensex ends at record high on hopes of reforms rate cut
Rajnath Singh in Jerusalem today  Israel says visit  very significantYou are here: Home > Collections
Home Minister Rajnath Singh to arrive in Israel today
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 07.09PM IST
Tags:
Benjamin Netanyahu
(The home minister's visit…)
JERUSALEM: India's security ties with Israel, including cooperation in counter terrorism, are expected to receive a major fillip during Home Minister Rajnath Singh's visit here.
Singh was scheduled to arrive here today morning but had to reschedule his plans after his flight from Monaco was cancelled due to stormy weather. The minister was in Monaco to attend Interpol's General Assembly.
Despite the unexpected change in plans, the Israeli government has gone out of the way to accommodate the Indian home minister and the Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office was quick to reschedule his meeting with the premier tomorrow.
"India is a very important ally for us and we view the home minister's visit as very significant. We are looking forward to fruitful discussions that will strengthen cooperation between the two countries", a senior government source told.
Singh was scheduled to meet Israeli President Reuven Rivlin, Premier Netanyahu and Defence Minister Moshe Ya'alon today in a rare gesture reserved for leaders from most friendly or strategic countries.
It will be the first visit of an Indian home minister to Israel since June, 2000 when L K Advani visited Jerusalem, marking an upsurge in bilateral cooperation.
The home minister's visit comes close on the heels of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's meeting with Netanyahu on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York.
During that meeting, Netanyahu had said that "sky is the limit" in terms of prospects of cooperation between the two countries, seeking "greater and greater" ties with India.
Netanyahu was among the first global leaders to call Modi to congratulate him on his victory in the general election.
Singh will also be meeting Israel's Minister of Public Security, Yitzhak Aharonovich, and National Security Adviser, Yossi Cohen, who would accompany him on a helicopter tour of bordering areas.
India and Israel have signed three agreements related to homeland security which covers important areas such as cooperation in preventing organised crime, human trafficking, cyber crimes, money laundering, counter-terrorism and fight against spread of fake currency notes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Businesses Add 230 000 Jobs in OctoberThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Welspun India Q2 revenue up 22%Welspun India Q2 revenue up 22%
Sterling and euro hit by weak dataStocks rise on Republican win and jobs data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4c11ef0-649a-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japanese company Tama Home to build houses in India in JV; to invest Rs 6 000 crYou are here: Home > Collections > Homes
Japanese company Tama Home to build houses in India in JV; to invest Rs 6,000 cr
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 08.06PM IST
Tags:
David Rebello
(In the first Japanese entry…)
NEW DELHI: In the first Japanese entry into the Indian property market, Tama Home today announced construction of 12-18 projects at an investment of Rs 6,000 crore in partnership with another firm.
Tama Home, listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange , has an annual sales of Rs 10,000 crore and builds 10,000 homes a year, while its partner Singapore-headquartered Developer Group, a 100 per cent FDI company, is engaged in the Indian real estate.
Developer Group is promoted by Japanese investors but managed by Indian professionals.
To start with, Japan's Tama Home and Singapore's Developer Group, will jointly build three housing projects, including two townships, having about 3,500 housing units, in Ludhiana, Visakhapatnam and Chennai.
"India has tremendous potential for growth in housing. We have found a reliable partner in Developer Group to enter into the Indian market.... We want to replicate Suzuki story in India," Tama Home President and CEO Yasuhiro Tamaki told reporters here.
Tam Home will bring the eathquake-proof technology to the Indian realty market.
Asked whether the decision to enter India was taken after Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan, he said: "It was planned a year ago but the process was expedited after the PM's visit."
He, however, declined to share the further investment plan in India.
Tama Home's entry into India comes a week after Japanese telecom group SoftBank buying a major stake in Snapdeal.com for USD 627 million.
A number of Japanese companies are already present in India across sectors like automobiles and consumer goods, while financial services from there have also began evincing interest to set up shops here.
Commenting on the tie-up, Developer Group CEO David Rebello said: "Developer group and Tama Home will together develop about 12-18 projects in the next five years at a cost of about Rs 6,000 crore. Our focus will be on housing segment but we will do other projects as well."
The project cost would be funded through equity and domestic debt, he added.
The joint venture will launch two township projects in the next four months at Ludhiana and Visakhapatnam. By middle of 2015, it will come up with another housing project in Chennai.
Tama Home will have a stake in the Developer Group, which in turn will have stake in Tama Home Indian arm.
Developer Group India Pvt Ltd is buying land as well as partnering land owners to build projects. It would outsource the construction activities to local contractors.
The joint venture firm would also look into possibilities of developing smart cities, commercial, hospitality projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sanjay Baweja appointed CFO of FlipkartTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Homegrown e-retailer Flipkart today announced appointment of Sanjay Baweja as its Chief Financial Officer (CFO).
Sanjay, who in his earlier role was Global CFO for Tata Communications, brings with him over three decades of experience, having worked with large names like Bharti Airtel, Emaar MGF and Xerox ModiCorp, Flipkart in a release said.
It said in his current position, he will be part of the leadership team at Flipkart – contributing to the overall organisational development along with defining the strategic roadmap for profitable revenue growth for India’s largest marketplace.
Speaking about the appointment, Sachin Bansal, Co-founder and CEO, Flipkart, said – “Sanjay brings with him a rich experience of running financial set-ups across large and diverse organisations. His impressive background of successfully structuring the financial strategy of market leaders is going to be invaluable as we enter a pivotal point in our growth story.”
Flipkart said in a career spanning close to thirty years, Sanjay has gained expertise in areas of Corporate Finance and Budget Control, Controllership, Acquisitions, Financial Analysis, Strategic Business Planning, Tax Planning and Risk Management.
He has a Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce and is a Chartered Accountant and Cost and Works Accountant, it added.
TAGS: Flipkart Cfo Sanjay Baweja Fliplart's New Cfo Sanjay Bnaweja New Cfo Of Flipkart
More from companies

Govt mulls on allowing new Indian airlines t...Government mulling allowing new Indian airlines to fly abroad
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 09.01PM IST
Tags:
Air India
(A change in rules would have…)
NEW DELHI: New Indian airlines may be allowed to fly abroad after completing only one year of domestic service instead of five years, with the government considering amending the rules to enable them do so, official sources said today.
The Civil Aviation Ministry is examining a proposal to either completely scrap the rule that allows an Indian carrier to operate international flights only after it has flown domestic for five years and has a 20-aircraft fleet, or change the rules to one year of domestic flying and having a five-plane fleet, they said.
However, such a change or scrapping the rule, popularly called 5/20, would have to be decided upon by the Union Cabinet, they said, without elaborating as to by when this was likely to happen.
A change in the rules would have an immediate impact on carriers like AirAsia India, Air Costa or the proposed Tata-Singapore Airlines joint venture Vistara .
The older carriers have been consistently opposing any change in the 5/20 rule.
In September, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapathi had met CEOs of all Indian airlines, where four of them - Air India , Jet, IndiGo and SpiceJet - had sought retention of the 5/20 rule.
But Raju had then said, "I don't see a reason why the 5/20 rule should be there. The government cannot keep everyone happy. We will take a call on 5/20 soon."
While the rule came into existence during the UPA-I government headed by Manmohan Singh , UPA-II had initiated the process of junking it but could not finish the task.
Those favouring the 5/20 rule feel that it would enable the new air carriers to stabilise not only their financials but also the standards of their services so that they can compete with the best of the foreign carriers when they operate to global destinations.
Those seeking abolition of this rule argue that it has enabled foreign airlines to capture a large share of India's international air travel market at the expense of home carriers.
Quite a few newly-formed foreign airlines, especially those in the Gulf and Southeast Asia, have also been operating in and out of India, taking a large chunk of Indian fliers, according to them.
A section of experts also feels that the financials of several Indian carriers could have been stronger if they had been allowed to launch international routes earlier, rather than asking them to wait for five years.
This would have reduced excess capacity in the domestic market and improved aircraft utilisation, these experts say.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Drones over French nuclear plants: What s th...French authorities have been left scratching their heads as unidentified drones zoom over nuclear plants across the country.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: French authorities have been left scratching their heads as unidentified drones zoom over nuclear plants across the country and while they pose no danger to the rock-solid structures, the mysterious phenomenon raises several concerns, experts say.
State-run power company EDF rang alarm bells last week when it announced it had filed a complaint with police after detecting the small unmanned aerial vehicles zipping over not one, not two, but seven atomic plants in October.
Since then, more have been spotted and there have been at least 16 fly-overs throughout France, usually at night, leaving jittery authorities clueless as to who is piloting these helicopter-type machines at a time of heightened vigilance in the face of Islamic extremism.
The culprit is "clearly not a hobbyist," said Elizabeth Quintana , a drone expert at the Royal United Services Institute, pointing out that hapless enthusiasts would not be flying their prized toys around at night.
"This is clearly somebody who... is either looking to spy or is up to no good.I don't think the size of the aircraft means it would be able to carry an explosive package that would do any great damage, but what you could do is pick up patterns of life, for instance guards walking around."
Both Quintana and French air safety expert Christophe Naudin believe this recent spate of mystery fly-overs is probably being carried out to prove a point about nuclear security.
French law bans small, civilian drones from areas such as nuclear facilities, which are protected by a no-fly zone that spans a 2.5-kilometre (1.6-mile) radius and a height of 1,000 metres.
"It's like a cylinder placed around the plant which no flying object is allowed to penetrate. When it does penetrate, it's noted and a fine is issued," Naudin said.
The recent spate of fly-overs is aimed to "provoke and communicate," said the experts.
Quintana said that while this type of nuclear plant fly-over is not thought to have occurred anywhere else in the world, other facilities have been targeted in the past.
A man was arrested in 2011, for instance, on charges of planning to fly explosive-packed, remote controlled planes into the Pentagon and the US Capitol.
Nevertheless, even if they carried explosives, there is little chance the drones spotted in France - with a wingspan of up to two metres maximum - could wreak any damage to structures built to withstand the impact of a Boeing 707-type plane, a mid-sized aircraft that carries up to 189 passengers.
"Explosive charges work in a confined space - in a plane, in a train, a building - but if you make something explode outside in the open air, the effect diminishes exponentially," Naudin added.
And if ill-intentioned people decided to use larger drones with bigger explosive charges, the impact would still be much smaller than that of a plane and would therefore not damage the core structure and risk a nuclear disaster, he said.
But Naudin warned that such drones could target adjacent buildings not designed to withstand a huge shock, such as administrative offices, which would create a "psychological shock."
"That's what we need to take into account now... by installing additional devices such as radar detection systems and laser systems that will neutralise the drone before it manages to reach its target."
Drones come in all shapes and sizes, and have a variety of uses, from widely reported military applications to surveillance, filmmaking, sports, disaster relief and scientific research.
The most basic unmanned aircraft are radio-controlled by someone who cannot be too far away, but other more sophisticated models can be pre-programmed, and these are widely available for just 350 to 400 euros ($440 to $500).
Page 1 of 2

Government approves financial revival of 23 DCCBsGovernment approves financial revival of 23 DCCBs
A Taylor Swift reply to SpotifyA Swift reply to Spotify’s siren song
John Gapper
The streaming service badly wants the singer back, but this could perhaps be her reply
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0534b878-6432-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tata Global Beverages Q2 Net down 65%Tata Global Beverages Q2 Net down 65% to Rs 62.45 crore
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 07.54PM IST
Tags:
Ajoy Misra
(Tata Global Beverages Ltd…)
MUMBAI: Tata Global Beverages today reported a 65.3 per cent slide in consolidated net profit at Rs 62.45 per cent for the three months to September, notwithstanding a five per cent increase in revenues.
The company attributed the steep fall in net profit to a Rs 100-crore income from sale of property in the year-ago period. The company had logged Rs 180 crore net profit in September quarter last fiscal.
The lower profit is due to the Rs 100 crore exceptional gains from sale of property in the corresponding quarter last fiscal, Tata Global Beverages Chief Financial Officer L Krishna Kumar said.
He said that the consolidated income from operations during the quarter rose five per cent to Rs 2,022 crore, and attributed the same to increased sales in Asia, Europe and the US.
Tata Global Beverages runs the coffee, tea and water businesses, besides Tata Group's JV with Starbucks.
He said tea and coffee segments performed well, adding that improvement in branded businesses more than offset the impact of lower crop available for sale in the plantation business as well as spends in new ventures.
The company, which is almost debt-free, had paid Rs 68.13 crore in taxes, down from Rs 72.03 crore.
The company said taxes are mainly due to tax on higher quantum of dividend received from overseas subsidiaries, a substantial part of which can be offset against dividend distribution tax.
During the quarter, its tea division, Tata Tea launched its Acti Green variant of green tea in the country. Its British arm Tetley continues to retain leadership in England's high growth, specialty tea categories.
During the quarter, the company entered the premium black tea segment in Australia with the launch of Tetley Tea Master's Selection, a range of single origin teas.
In the water segment, the Himalayan natural mineral water was launched in Mumbai and Delhi in a sparkling variant.
Tata Water Plus and Tata Gluco Plus expanded reach to Maharashtra, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh.
Tata Starbucks, the joint venture between Tata Global Beverages and Starbucks, has entered Hyderabad taking its store count to 59 spread across Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Pune, Chennai and Hyderabad.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Wrong Way To Pay Off Your DebtSuze Orman On The Wrong Way To Pay Off Your Debt
Posted:
Suze Orman on bringing down debt and keeping up with insurance hikes. Plus, a safer option for your retirement funds.
By Suze Orman
Q: Over the next year, I'm planning to dig my family out of $26,000 worth of debt. We'd pay it down with $2,000 a month from my husband's salary plus my earnings from a part-time job. But would it make sense to take out a personal loan so I can pay off the bulk of the debt ($18,000 in student loans at 6.38 percent interest)?
Suze: I love that you're attacking your goal, but I wouldn't recommend taking on more debt to speed your timeline. You've come up with an approach that should have you back on your financial feet quickly, making a new loan unnecessary. What's more, the average interest rate on a personal loan is around 10 percent -- well above the rate you're paying. If your circumstances change and it becomes difficult for you to follow your current aggressive repayment plan, you can always slow down. But if you take on another loan, you'll have to maintain a strict schedule: Failure to make timely payments could ding your credit score.
Q: My husband and I have long-term care insurance, and our premiums just increased significantly. We're still employed full-time, but I'm worried we won't be able to afford additional rate hikes after we retire in a few years. Should we drop our current policy and buy a hybrid life and long-term insurance plan with fixed premiums?
Suze: Unfortunately, insurers have discovered that the claims they pay for long-term care policies greatly exceed the premiums they collect. As a result, they're raising prices on current policies, sometimes by more than 40 percent.
But I don't think you should replace your long-term care insurance right now. You may have to forfeit the premiums you've spent years paying. Plus, hybrid plans have separate layers of fees for the long-term care coverage and the life insurance.
I'm also inclined to think you may still be getting a good deal -- even with another price increase. According to the American Association for Long-Term Care Insurance, the average annual cost of a policy purchased by a couple in their mid-50s is about $2,500. A 50 percent premium hike would mean only an additional $100 or so a month. I'm not minimizing the angst that comes with rate increases, but you have to weigh them against the future cost of care.
I'd advise you to sit down with your insurance agent. You may be able to make your current policy more affordable by changing some coverage -- say, increasing the length of the waiting period before your benefits kick in. If you have adult children, talk to them, as well. They may be thrilled to cover the cost of an increased premium today in exchange for guaranteeing their peace of mind in the future.
Q: My financial adviser suggested that I invest in index annuities. Are they safe?
Suze: I'm not a fan of index annuities. These financial instruments, which are sold by insurance companies, are typically held for a set number of years and pay out based on the performance of an index like the S&P 500. (Be advised that insurers aren't necessarily transparent about how they calculate any gains credited to your annuity.) They do offer a guaranteed return, but it can be under the rate of inflation, and there are caps on the amount of interest you can earn. Plus, if you don't want to keep an annuity for its entire term, you could lose 10 percent or more of your investment to a surrender charge. Honestly, I'd be suspicious of any adviser who wants you to go this route. Instead, I'd recommend that you stick to your workplace retirement plan, if you have that option. You can contribute up to $17,500 this year ($23,000 if you are at least 50). If you don't have a company 401(k) or you have more funds to invest, you can set aside $5,500 ($6,500 if you are at least 50) in a traditional or Roth IRA.

DLF allowed to redeem Rs 1806cr of mutual fund investmentsDLF allowed to redeem Rs 1806cr of mutual fund investments
Goa CM Parrikar denies induction into PM Modi CabinetGoa CM Parrikar denies induction into PM Modi Cabinet
Alert customers before clearing high-value cheques  RBI tells banksAlert customers before clearing high-value cheques  RBI tells banks
India and Russia to give shape to joint  economic vision  packageIndia and Russia to give shape to joint  economic vision  package
MT Educare fixes record date for interim dividendMT Educare fixes record date for interim dividend
Govt plans to review M&A norms in telecomGovt plans to review M&A norms in telecom
HAL identifies 111 technologies to fund projectsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HAL identifies 111 technologies to fund projects
Our Bureau
Bangalore, November 5:  
HAL has identified 111 technologies to fund and pursue its Research and Technology Development.
“Technology identification and funding innovation remains a focus area for HAL. The company so far has filed over 300 patents in just over two years to protect its intellectual property developed at a large investment and efforts,” said Dr R K Tyagi, Chairman HAL.
HAL has also created R&D corpus, earmarking 10 per cent of operational profit after tax, to promote technology development within the company.
“To work on new technologies the company has taken a strategic move to bring all 10 research and development (R&D) centres under the ambit of Committee of Institutional Network (COIN) to ensure synergy among these centres of HAL spread across the country,” he said.
As part of aggressive interaction with academia, HAL has entered into MOUs for technology collaboration with IITs.
“As a matter of fact, the company has entered into collaboration with IIT, Kanpur for rotary unmanned systems, IIT Kharagpur for avionics and electronic warfare systems, IIT Roorkee for aircraft subsystem research and with IIT, Bombay for the communications systems. HAL also works with Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, DRDO laboratories and private industries for various R&D activities,” Tyagi said.
On Wednesday, HAL was presented with SCOPE (Standing Conference of Public Enterprises) meritorious award for R&D, Technology Development and Innovation. Dr Tyagi and T Suvarna Raju, Director (Design and Development) received the award on behalf of HAL.
Speaking after receiving the award, Dr Tyagi said “HAL believes that the key differentiator in today’s warfare is going to be the home grown platforms and therefore R&D activities of organizations like HAL would go a long way in making India self-reliant on technology front in the defence sector.”
“HAL’s R&D centres are dedicated to design and develop aircraft, helicopters, small engines, aircraft accessories and avionics”, says Dr. Tyagi,” he added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Top start-ups set to go placesTop start-ups set to go places
Sangeetha Chengappa
Nasscom, VCs line up to give them global exposure
Bangalore, November 5:  
The thriving start-up ecosystem in India, which is home to some 3,100 start-ups, has received a shot in the arm with Nasscom all set to take 150 of the most promising tech start-ups to Silicon Valley in 2015 to showcase their work and talent.
“We took 30 of the hottest tech start-ups addressing a global market to Silicon Valley this May to interact with global giants such as Google and Dropbox and global tech stalwarts like Vinod Khosla (founder of Sun Microsystems) of Khosla Ventures and Promod Haque, Senior Managing Partner at Norwest Venture Partners. This time, we are taking 150 tech start-ups to Silicon Valley,” Ravi Gururaj, Chairman, Nasscom Product Council, told BusinessLine during the recent Nasscom Product Conclave.
‘Billion Dollar Babies’
Similarly, the Silicon Valley chapter of TiE (The Indus Entrepreneurs) has kicked off an initiative called the ‘Billion Dollar Babies’, which is scheduled to be launched next year. The objective of this initiative is to identify promising tech start-ups that have the potential to reach a billion dollars in valuation and help them take their products and solutions to global markets.
Silicon Valley-based serial tech entrepreneur, VC and philanthropist BV Jagadeesh, who is managing partner of KAAJ Ventures, together with TiE Silicon Valley members, is behind this first-of-its-kind initiative.
“Billion Dollar Babies is our way of trying to help Indian entrepreneurs in the early stages to fulfil their dream of launching products and solutions in the global market by putting them in touch with potential customers, VCs and mentors through our network. We have also identified a couple of companies that originated in India, migrated to the US and are doing well there, as role models for these entrepreneurs” said Jagadeesh.
Innovation fund
Ramesh Raskar, a leading researcher in computational photography and spatial augmented reality, who is Associate Professor at MIT Media Lab, will be launching an India Innovation Fund in January 2015.
The fund aims to finance innovators who can come up with high-impact products and solutions that can address the problems of the masses across the country. Refusing to divulge the total fund value, Raskar said the fund would attract contributions from talented entrepreneurial giants.
The fund will be structured such that no single entrepreneurial team will get more than $50,000. They will also have access to space, mentorship and other facilities.
“At present, if a start-up has to take a bet on a new technology product or solution, it has to spend millions of dollars just to study it and get everything going. With this fund, we want to assist start-ups in removing the technology risk and adoption risk of their product/solution” he said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Firms with long-term contracts with truckers may benefit from drop in diesel priceFirms with long-term contracts with truckers may benefit from drop in diesel price
Mamuni Das
Tweet
New Delhi, November 4:  
Companies with long-term contracts with transporters, with clauses for drop in freight in sync with the fall in fuel costs, are more likely to benefit from the recent dip in diesel prices than those who hire trucks from the open market.
Transporters in the open market are resisting a fall in prices as of now, though diesel prices have fallen by almost 10 per cent.
Research body Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training (IFTRT) estimates that of the overall transport market, about 20-25 per cent of the trucking business is based on long-term contracts, while 75 per cent business is conducted through the open market.
Truck rentals are holding up in the open market now. “Demand for transportation is high because of the ongoing Kharif crop procurement season, higher arrivals of fruits and vegetables. Also, there was a temporary glut in truck driver availability as many of them had gone on leave for Diwali and Chhat Puja,” SP Singh, Senior Fellow, IFTRT, said. These features, coupled with the fact that the truck sales have dropped during the last two years, have led to lower capacity addition in the market.
IFTRT, which projected a 4-5 per cent drop in rentals in the near future, said though truckers were trying to hold the current rentals from falling, it may be difficult to do so over a longer period, particularly as Kharif procurement gets over in the next two weeks. Firms in transport business have a different point view. “We were not able to increase the prices proportionately when there was a 50 per cent increase in fuel prices. Truckers are under too much pressure to be able to make rate cuts,” said Vineet Agarwal, Managing Director, Transport Corporation of India.
Rhenus Logistics (India), a joint venture company in which Western Arya Group has a 51 per cent stake, does 90 per cent of its business through long-term contracts, while only 10 per cent is done via open market. “All long-term contracts have clauses that link the freight charge to fuel price,” said Vivek Arya, Managing Director, Rhenus Logistics, India.
Industry players also point out that when diesel prices were going up, many customers did not increase freight charges even though the contract provides for such hikes.
“The part load truck firms, parcel booking, freight aggregators, are holding on to the rates. Zonal players and trucking firms are in a wait-and-watch mode. The pressure from end-customers and competition will force them to drop prices,” said Singh, adding that the next quarter would be interesting to watch.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Australian varsity to use India centre to expand operations in South AsiaAustralian varsity to use India centre to expand operations in South Asia
Navadha Pandey
University keen to be knowledge partner for ‘Make in India’ campaign
New Delhi, November 4:  
Australia’s Deakin University is set to leverage its India centre to expand its operations in South Asia, Vice-Chancellor Jane den Hollander said. The university is also keen to become the knowledge partner for the Government’s ‘Make in India’ campaign.
The varsity set up an office in India in 1994. “After 20 years of being here, we have decided to expand the operations of India office to include South Asia. We see the internationalisation pillar we have here as a significant strategy for us and we will extend it to South Asian countries such as Mauritius, Bhutan, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and UAE,” Hollander told BusinessLine.
Recognising that countries must have capabilities and skills for jobs of their future, she said that the university sees ‘Make in India’ very significant at the educational level.
“At the research level, we have started negotiations with one of our research partners and are mulling making a submission to become the knowledge partner for this campaign,” Hollander said, adding that the university has already been focussing on areas such as material sciences, agriculture, nanotechnology, health and skills.
There is already a partnership between the university, Indian Oil and Government of India for a joint centre for bio energy, said Ravneet H Pawha, Director-South Asia, Deakin University.
The university has 15 research partners such as Indian Oil, Bharat Forge, Reliance Life Sciences, apart from and 20 teaching partnerships in India which include top IITs, University of Mumbai, Amity University, among others.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Hugo Boss: the rational consumer© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/4e438cfc-642c-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Time Inc: going solo© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/00ad117c-6443-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Growth Of The Collaborative Movementreddit
It is easy to understand why people have come to see entrepreneurship as a way to get rich quick. American culture adores the idea of the self-made hero, the lone wolf succeeding on the fringe of the establishment. With so many stories of startups turning into billion-dollar companies overnight, people have come to see entrepreneurism as a short cut to individual wealth.
The reality is a bit different.
Though there is nothing wrong with financial gain, true entrepreneurs embrace the values of creativity, risk, leadership and collaboration. Contrary to the popular myth of the entrepreneur as a cowboy with single-minded determination, most entrepreneurs are quick to acknowledge the necessity and excitement of collaboration. Having a strong conviction is not antithetical to collaboration -- on the contrary, it is essential to hone ideas -- but the best social entrepreneurs put together powerful teams and partnerships.
I discovered the power of collaboration in Rwanda in 2006. By working together, businesses and non-profits were able to bring immediate assistance to those in need. ONEXONE -- a non-profit I founded to improve the lives of children everywhere -- was exactly the kind of collaborative platform that was poised to aid the victims of the Haiti earthquake. ONEXONE managed to collaborate with airlines, NGOs, even a tire manufacturer, to deliver supplies before the landing of the US Marines in Haiti.
For many reasons, unfortunately, the crisis-oriented momentum could not be maintained over the long term. Nonetheless, I felt inspired by what had been accomplished, even for a short time. It was the right moment to realize the idea that had come to me on the first trip to Africa in 2006. An idea of a business model that could transform the economic and social fabric of emerging economies like those in Haiti. Having worked in the fashion industry my entire career, I formed partnerships in order to build a profitable factory (Industrial Revolution II) that would reinvest 50 percent of its profits back into the local community.
Social entrepreneurs often find it is much easier to inspire collaboration than it is to structure it. A factory, for example, needs to be supplied and serviced by a multitude of skilled workers and other businesses throughout the local community. No business, factory or otherwise, stands alone, so the social entrepreneur naturally involves herself in the wider community. Helping to train small businesses -- even those not directly related to your business -- will serve a common need. Providing the right kind of information, combined with specific guidance from specialists or certification professionals, help individuals and small businesses in the community to thrive and succeed. I have experienced the spirit of collaboration many times throughout my 35-year career. Now more than ever I believe that nothing is more important than the people who become instrumental in the success of the businesses and the communities they support.
Helping to build an IRII factory in Haiti, I realized that the excitement of collaboration and collective focus many of us experienced following the Haiti earthquake could be reawakened in the form of a social enterprise movement. Many of us now believe that such a movement can change the economic landscape of struggling communities around the world. As I began to speak to others about the exciting collaborative opportunities in social entrepreneurship, I discovered an in-development platform called "Collaboration Quests," which is designed to allow social entrepreneurs to share ideas and form partnerships.Slowly, entrepreneurs, investors, consumers and workers are beginning to find each other, and I have been delighted to discover that many people share my hope and enthusiasm. Nothing stabilizes a startup more than being part of an emergent, interdependent community. True to this barometer, everywhere I've gone, Haiti and elsewhere, social entrepreneurs express a great thirst for innovative collaboration. We all have different ideas, but we all have a common vision that the only true wealth is shared wealth.
More:

The Table of Brotherhood Actually Happened at a Burger Jointreddit
I was sitting at an upscale burger place in Atlanta a few months back with my daughter.   An African-American family sat down at the table beside us - a mom, a dad, two college-age boys, and a grandmother.  The tables were big pine farm style tables.  We were all sitting within inches of each other.
My daughter and I chatted with the family a bit about the excellent burgers and the beautiful day.  Then just as we were about to dive into the burgers, I happened to look up and a see on the restaurant wall, a large photo of the red rolling hills of Georgia.
All of a sudden it struck me . . . the red hills of Georgia, a farm table.
Martin Luther King said, "I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit together at the table of brotherhood."
I thought, oh my god, this amazing thing that he dreamed about actually happened.  It didn't just metaphorically happen, it really happened.
My daughter and I are literally sitting at the table of brotherhood chatting away with this nice family, on a sunny Saturday in Georgia.  And the most amazing thing about this is, it's no big deal!
I've always felt a personal connection to MLK's famous speech.  I'm from Washington DC.  King's speech took place about a week before I was born.  My mother was sitting about a mile away, very pregnant with me.
Flash forward fifty years later, and I have become part of the dream.
That incident made me reflect upon the power of words.  What if we knew that our words could come true, how much bigger might we dream?
What if I stood at the same spot where King gave his speech and spoke my dream into the Universe?
I had to do it.
So last week I took a group of colleagues to the Lincoln Memorial and stood on the exact spot where King gave his speech.  It was early morning; the sun was just coming up, glistening off the reflecting pool. Lincoln was sitting behind us, the Washington monument was in front of us.
I'd told my colleagues about the burger joint, and how the dream had come true. I stood on the spot, which is now engraved and said, "Big bold words spoken on this spot have a history of coming true."
Then it was time to speak our dreams.  One by one we stood on the spot with the others standing behind us, and spoke our dream out into the world.
One colleague said, "I dream that one day poetry will be a part of business." Another wanted to change the way businesses treat their customers.  They weren't civil rights dreams. But as business consultants, we all wanted to make a difference in people's lives.
I said, "I have a dream that one day companies will no longer be content to merely make money, they will also want to make a difference. I dream that leaders all over the world will seize the moment and bring passion into the workplace.  I have a dream that one day, every organization will have a noble purpose, and that we will all be able to do work that makes us proud.

Potbelly serves up quarterly profitPotbelly serves up quarterly profit
Potbelly restaurant
Potbelly restaurant at 200 S. Michigan Ave.
Potbelly restaurant at 200 S. Michigan Ave. (Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune)
Potbelly plans price increase, incentive plans for managers
Potbelly same-store sales up slightly. Street expected a slip
$PBPB rises after third-quarter results
Potbelly posted a third-quarter profit Tuesday, as the sandwich chain worked to attract diners and regain sales momentum.
Sales at long-standing locations improved each month as the quarter progressed, Chairman and CEO Aylwin Lewis said in a statement.
0
The company said it still has a lot of work to do on everything from decreasing wait times to working on retaining higher-level restaurant staff. During an afternoon conference call, Lewis outlined several steps Potbelly is taking, such as adding people to take orders while customers wait in line to pushing new incentive plans for salaried managers. Potbelly, which toasts its sandwiches, also now has high-speed ovens in all of its shops, he said.
The company said it plans to again raise prices as it deals with higher costs ranging from food to minimum wage increases in certain states. It raised prices in February and July, and plans for more increases in January focused on its main "Originals" sandwiches, where Chief Financial Officer Charles Talbot said Potbelly has not raised prices in "several years."
Potbelly earned almost $2 million, or 6 cents per share, in the quarter that ended Sept. 28, compared with a loss of $52.5 million, or $12.29 per share a year earlier, when results were dragged down by costs, including a dividend.
Excluding one-time items, Potbelly earned 9 cents per share, down from 16 cents per share a year earlier, but topping analysts' forecasts of 7 cents per share.
Revenue rose 8.5 percent, to $84.7 million, exceeding Wall Street's expectations.
Comparable sales at company-operated stores open at least 15 months rose 0.5 percent in the quarter after two consecutive quarters of declines. On average, three analysts expected quarterly same-store sales to decline 0.3 percent, according to Consensus Metrix.
Potbelly said it still expects comparable sales to be flat to down in a low single-digit percentage range this year. Such sales rose 1.5 percent in 2013. Lewis said the company knows it has "plenty of work to do" to sustain its long-term goal of low single-digit percentage gains in comparable sales.
Chicago-based Potbelly got its start in 1977, when an antiques store on Lincoln Avenue began offering warm sandwiches and desserts to customers to help boost sales. Its second shop opened in 1997, and it went public in October 2013. Today, the chain has more than 300 locations, most of which are company-owned. It plans to open 40 to 48 new locations this year.
Potbelly still expects to earn about 18 cents to 21 cents per share this year, excluding items, but said it now expects its profit to come in at the middle to higher end of that range. In 2013, it earned 34 cents per share.
Shares of Potbelly jumped more than 4 percent to $13.25 in Nasdaq trading before the results were announced, and fell to $13 after the report.
When Potbelly went public, the shares priced at $14 and ended their first day of trading at $30.77.

Mumbai trees infected by Mealybugspicture  others
Mumbai trees infected by Mealybugs
Mumbai has approximately 3,000- 4,000 rain trees, of which 500 are infected by Mealybugs. The bug has mainly hit trees in Dadar, Bandra, Andheri and Kandivali areas. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
The Mealybugs suck cell sap from the leaves, and eventually leaves and branches of the tree start falling off and the tree dries up. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Apparently, 180 rain trees in Andheri, Goregaon and Malad areas were infested by the bug, followed by 119 trees in Khar, Bandra and Andheri. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
BMC officials claim that they have been able to save around 262 of the 500 infected rain trees by pruning them. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Dried trees that were infected by the Mealybugs in Santa Cruz. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Biologists say that cementing and providing cement boundaries close to the trees have weakened the roots and blocked the air supply to the roots, making the trees weak and leading to their withering. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Related

Piramal Fund raises Rs 500 crPiramal Fund raises Rs 500 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
Piramal Fund Management said it has surpassed its initial fund size of Rs 350 crore for the ‘Indiareit Apartment Fund’ by raising Rs 500 crore of commitments under three months since launch.
The platform has exercised its greenshoe option to increase the size of the offering to Rs 700 crore.
The fund is uniquely positioned as a first-to-market platform for underwriting units only -- physical sqft rather than financial participation, whilst adhering to the basic tenets of a defined use of funds, appropriate security and monitoring as well as ensuring developer alignment and project completion.
The Fund has already disbursed its first transaction of Rs 50 crore to Omkar Alta Monte project in Mumbai.
It has also approved two more transactions, in Mumbai (Bandra Kurla Complex) and Chennai (Adyar), which are in final stages of pre-disbursement diligence.
Khushru Jijina, Managing Director, Piramal Fund Management said, “With the Apartment Fund, we have consciously added another product to our suite of offerings. This strategy enables them to advance construction and delivery of units without the pressure of sales and increases visibility of site progress.”
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Almost 7bn of EU budget paid out in errorAlmost €7bn of last year’s EU budget paid out improperly
By Christian Oliver in Brussels and Kiran Stacey in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09b53f80-64d2-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Akhilesh offered Rs 100 cr for Rajya Sabha ticket  alleges MayawatiDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
BSP supremo Mayawati today alleged that Rajya Sabha member Akhilesh Das, who had quit the party two days ago, offered her Rs 100 crores for renominating him to the Upper House.
“Akhilesh Das had talked to me in Delhi and had offered money for repeating him as BSP candidate to the Rajya Sabha,” she told reporters here.
“Das had said that he was ready to give Rs 50 crores to Rs 100 crores for getting Rajya Sabha ticket saying that as the BSP is out of power now, I would need funds to run the party,” Mayawati alleged.
The BSP supremo said she told Das that she would not make him RS candidate even if he offered Rs 200 crores and instead of taking help from an individual, her party gets funds through donations made by poor and the downtrodden.
“For the recent Assembly elections and the coming ones in two other states, funds were collected from the people in Uttar Pradesh and other states on one appeal,” she said, adding that BSP would give its ticket to those who work dedicatedly for the party’s movement at the ground level.
On the allegations levelled by Das, Mayawati said “he was earlier in the Congress and at the time of joining BSP he had levelled serious charges against the Congress, specially Rahul Gandhi.”
The former UP chief minister said that at the time of joining BSP, Das had promised to strengthen the party by garnering support of Vaishya community in the state but he did not do so and concentrated more on his business work.
“We believed in him and sent him to the Rajya Sabha but he did not live up to his promises…rather that joining Vaishyas with the party he used to stay away from the House during the Parliament sessions,” she alleged.
Mayawati said that Das’s allegations have been proved wrong with the party nominating Raja Ram and Veer Singh for Rajya Sabha seat as they have been associated with the party at the ground level.
“Ram is incharge of the party in four states and Veer Pal is incharge in three states…they have been associated with the movement for a long time and have been using their salaries for the welfare of people,” she said, adding the central office of the party will assist them in filing their nominations.
The Rajya Sabha term of Das, who resigned from the BSP on November 3, is coming to an end this month.
TAGS: Akhilesh Das Akhilesh Das Rajya Sabha Mayawati Mayawati Akhilesh Das
More from miscellaneous

Maulana Madani hits out  says entire Muslim community being tarnishedDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Accusing central agencies and Ministry of Home Affairs of being involved in witchhunting in the Burdwan blast case, Jamat-Ulama-e-Hind general secretary Maulana Mahmood Madani today alleged that a conspiracy is on to “tarnish” the entire Muslim community.
“If someone is guilty, then he should be punished. But please don’t indulge in witchhunting and tarnish the entire community.
The central agencies even before something is proved, is leaking things about raids in madrasas which in turn is creating problems for the entire community,” he said.
“What was the central agencies and the Home Ministry doing when such activities were going on? If any unlawful thing is going on in madrasas and it is proved, we will fully cooperate with the agencies,” Madani said.
Madrasas operating in Bengal and throughout India work for the benefit of the masses, he asserted.
NIA, which is investigating the Burdwan blast, is probing links with suspected al-Qaeda and Jama’atul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terrorists with Simulia madrasa in the district as the accused were believed to have been indoctrinated there.
“A conspiracy is being hatched to malign the entire community. We have to fight against this community. I must say that the condition of Muslims in India is much better than their counterparts in other countries of the Indian sub continent.
“India belongs to all communities. During partition, we had the option of leaving India but our forefathers choose to be part of India. But if such kind of vilification campaign continues against us, then it will alienate the entire community,” he added.
TAGS: Burdwan Blast Case Maulana Mahmood Madani Maulana Mahmood Madani On Burdwan Blast Case
More from miscellaneous

Push Bangladeshi Muslims back: TogadiaDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) today demanded that Muslims who had come from Bangladesh should be treated as infiltrators and pushed back.
“Infiltration should be finished in India,” VHP international working president Praveen Togadia said adding the issue was posing a serious threat to the security of Indians.
“There is a security threat to several states due to infiltration. The centre and the concerned state governments should work together to fight against trans-border terrorist elements”, he said referring to the October 2 blast in Burdwan which claimed the lives of two suspected terrorists.
On Hindus coming from Bangladesh, Togadia said they were doing so as they were persecuted in that country.
The Hindus from Bangladesh should be accorded refugee status and given permanent citizenship, he told a news conference.
Togadia claimed that there were more than 50,000 Hindus who had come from Bangladesh due to persecution in that country.
Infiltration, he said, was not restricted to West Bengal but other states like Assam and Jharkhand were serving as gateways for them.
He was also vocal against China’s dumping of goods in the country and urged the Centre to take steps to check it or else lakhs of Indians would lose their jobs.
TAGS: Praveen Togadia On Bangladeshi Muslims VHP Vishwa Hindu Parishad
More from miscellaneous

Salman Khan was not drunk  witness tells courtDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
A witness in the 2002 hit-and-run case involving superstar Salman Khan today said the actor was not smelling of liquor when he met him at his place a few hours after the mishap.
The prosecution’s case is that Salman’s car had rammed into a bakery in suburban Bandra killing one person and injuring four others who were sleeping outside on the pavement in the wee hours of September 28, 2002.
“I met Salman on the next day morning at 9 AM at his place (few hours after the mishap at around 3 AM) and hugged him, but he did not smell of alcohol,” Chiky Pandey, brother of actor Chunky Pandey, told the court of sessions Judge D W Deshpande.
During cross-examination, Pandey told Salman’s lawyer Srikant Shivade that the junction near the American Express Bakery (where the accident had taken place) was always busy with slow vehicular traffic movement.
Prosecutor Pradeep Gharat re-examined him on this point asking him whether there was heavy traffic at this junction all the 24 hours, to which the witness replied: “Not always.”
Significantly, the mishap had occurred in the wee hours when there is hardly any traffic on road.
Pandey told the prosecutor during examination-in-chief that he had helped Salman buy an imported car for Rs 14 lakhs from Abdul Rehman through a customs clearing agent. (This question was asked as it was the same car which had met with an accident on the ill-fated day).
Pandey further said that Salman had given two cheques of Rs 12 lakhs and Rs 2 lakhs to car owner Abdul Rehman. At the time of mishap, the vehicle was in the name of its owner and had not yet been transferred in Salman’s name, he said.
Another witness, Salim Patel, a customs clearing agent, who had helped the actor in getting the car cleared from the customs after it was imported from Dubai, explained to the court the import procedures.
Salman did not appear before the court today as he was busy with the wedding preparations of his sister Arpita.
The court asked him to appear on November 24 and 25 when other witnesses would be examined.
The sessions court had on December 5 last year ordered a fresh trial in the case on the ground that witnesses had not been examined in the context of aggravated charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, which was invoked against the actor by a magisterial court midway through the hearing.
The actor had earlier been tried by a magistrate for a lesser offence of causing death by negligence, which entailed an imprisonment of two years, while the charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder attracts a 10-year sentence.
The magistrate, after examining 17 witnesses, had ruled that a case of culpable homicide was made out against the actor and referred it to the sessions court.
The trial of cases of culpable homicide are conducted by courts higher than magisterial courts.
On September 28, 2002, the actor’s car had allegedly rammed into a bakery, killing one person and injuring four others sleeping on the pavement outside.
TAGS: Salman Hit And Run Case Salman Khan Salman Khan Accident Case
More from miscellaneous

Republican victory may bode well for trade© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35ef7684-64d6-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Kentuckian set to lead Senate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6631938-64ce-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kurdistans happier anti-Isis warriors© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/257052c8-6432-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The 11 brands you re paying up forEMAIL
JupiterImages via Thinkstock
Earnings season lets investors see how much money they’re making. But consumers can use this time to see just how much they’re paying up for certain brands.
There are 11 companies selling consumer goods that command premium pricing, including cosmetics companies Nu Skin (NUS) and Estee Lauder (EL) , alcohol seller Brown-Forman (BF.B) and accessory maker Coach (COH) , giving them gross margins of 60% or higher, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ. To hit these huge profit margins, these companies charge more than twice for what it costs them to produce their products, excluding overhead.
The higher a company’s gross margin, the more it keeps from every dollar of revenue after paying direct costs. And these companies are definitely charging top dollar. The average consumer company in the consumer products universe has a gross margin of roughly 37%, meaning it keeps just 37 cents of every dollar of revenue after paying direct costs.
The analysis looks at the companies in the consumer staples and consumer discretionary sectors of the broad Russell 1000 with the highest gross margins over the past 12 months. Hotels, restaurants, media and Internet retail sectors were excluded.
Next time you buy cosmetics, designer apparel, cigarettes, branded beverages and baby formula — know that you’re paying some of the biggest price premiums around. These are the products consumers typically buy that have some of the largest gross margins going — at least among branded products.
Cosmetics are some of the most profitable products around. Nu Skin, the maker of anti-aging products and lotions, enjoys an 83% profit margin over the past 12 months ranking it tops in this universe by this measure. But Nu Skin’s gross margin is only barely ahead of another cosmetics company, Estee Lauder, with a 80% gross margin over the past 12 months.
Brand power consumers are willing to pay up for can be lucrative. That’s clear when looking at beverages where consumers pay a premium. Jack Daniel’s maker Brown-Forman sports a 70% gross margin, baby formula maker Mead Johnson hits a gross margin of 62% while Coca-Cola (KO) is at 61%.
You’re also paying up for those labels sewn into your clothing – big time. Handbag and accessory maker Coach (COH) enjoys a gross margin of 60% while Michael Kors (KORS) is at 61%.
RUSSELL 1000 CONSUMER STOCKS WITH THE HIGHEST GROSS MARGINS OVER THE PAST 12 MONTHS
Company

US Services Firms Grow at Slower but Still Healthy Pace in October; Hiring Picks UpThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Govt looking at land acquisition  labour reforms  says Arun JaitleyPrint
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley addressing the launch of World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 2:07 pm
While indicating that the process of pushing through structural economic reforms may be arduous, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said the NDA government is working on a series of fresh measures that include further easing of labour regulations and changes to the new Land Acquisition Act.
Addressing the opening day of the two-day India Economic Summit, Jaitley also said a push to the disinvestment process and changes to the norms on allocation of natural resources are on the anvil.
(Source: PTI photo)
“Some think that the second generation of reforms in India probably need one or two big bang ideas. But reforms is not about one sensational idea… you can damage the economy by just one bad idea,” he said, pointing out that the provision of retrospective taxation was one such proposal that damaged the prospects of the Indian economy.
Expressing satisfaction at the measures taken by the NDA government in the last few months, Jaitley said India was moving back on the radar of investors. “There is a buzz surrounding India now,” he said. He, however, called for foreign investors to participate in developing India’s infrastructure, which, he said, “has been facing financing issues of late.”
After the government recently laid down the guidelines for auctioning of coal blocks, Jaitley said the Centre is considering similar reforms for mining of other minerals. “With regard to other minerals, we are about to take similar reforms to eliminate the possibility of discretion and crony capitalism,” he said.
He also expressed hope that the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill would be passed in the coming session of Parliament.
Pointing out the limitations posed by the new land acquisition law, which checks acquisition of land even for crucial sectors like defence and housing for poor, Jaitley said the government is reviewing the second part of the law that deals with land acquisition.
“The law lays down a very complicated procedure for land acquisition. Conceptually, acquisition of land is always a sovereign right because you need land for everything including building defence cantonments, highways and houses. Therefore, if land acquisition is made complicated, then the growth process itself gets stalled, and this law has made it extremely complicated… Now, since the confusion has been established, the time has come that at least the second part of the law is relooked,” said Jaitley, adding that the government has no issue with the new compensation and resettlement scheme as proposed in the land acquisition law.
Jaitley said the labour laws need to change and the process continued…

J&K: Two days after killing  Army shifts its forcesPrint
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 5, 2014 9:25 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 9:28 pm
Two days after Army personnel on patrol duty opened fire on a car, killing two teenagers in Chattergam village of Budgam district, the Army on Wednesday decided to shift the entire company of 53 Rashtriya Rifles (RR), comprising 125 soldiers, from the area.
The killings had triggered protests across Srinagar and nearby places, with locals demanding removal of the Army camp from the area as they had been involved in a similar killing two years ago.
A defence spokesperson told The Indian Express, “The company has been shifted from the area. We have also attached 16 soldiers who were part of the Army patrol and naka party to the location of the inquiry.”
The spokesperson said that the Deputy Commander of a neighbouring RR sector is conducting the inquiry and that he has been asked to complete the investigation at the earliest. Police have also filed a case against the unit.
Top Army officers, who did not want to be named, said the inquiry will focus on why standard operating procedures were not followed when the car in which the teenagers were travelling did not stop at the first signal. The inquiry officer will focus on why the Army personnel did not fire at the car tyres first instead of targeting the occupants.
This is the second such incident at Chattergam involving Army personnel from the same unit. In October 2012, Army men opened fire on a private Sumo, killing two soldiers of Territorial Army.
Seven soldiers were travelling in the vehicle.
During investigations it was found that a patrolling party of the 53 RR asked the Sumo to stop but when it evaded the signal, the soldiers opened fire, resulting in injuries to the driver and two Army men. Later, the two soldiers, identified as Ghulam Ahmad Sheikh and Abdul Rouf, died in hospital. After the incident, the Army had ordered an inquiry, but the findings were never made public.
DIG Kashmir Afadul Muhtaba told The Indian Express that although the Army had ordered a court of inquiry into the 2012 case, “I have no information about the current status of that case.”

Hyderabad police seizes computer hard disks of Maharashtra SIMI operativePrint
According to police, the duo were allegedly planning to go to Afghanistan to get training from al-Qaeda for carrying out terror activities in India. (Source: PTI/file)
By: Press Trust of India | Yavatmal | Posted: November 5, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 9:08 pm
A Hyderabad police team has seized hard disks of two computers believed to have been used  by Shah Mudassir alias Talha, a member of proscribed SIMI arrested along with an aide of the IM operative in Secunderabad last month, for allegedly planning to visit Afghanistan to get training from al-Qaeda.
Mudassir, who used to run a shop at Umerkhed in Yavatmal district, had been apprehended along with his close friend Shoeb Ahmed Khan alias Tariq Bhai, an associate of Mansoor Ali Peerboy (Media in-charge of Indian Mujahideen, Pune Module), on October 22. Tariq was held from Hingoli district, also in Maharashtra.
According to police, the duo were allegedly planning to go to Afghanistan to get training from al-Qaeda for  carrying out terror activities in India.
The Hyderabad police team, headed by Additional SP D. Harish Kumar, reached Umarkhed on Tuesday and conducted thorough searches at Mudassir’s shop and house apparently to look for any evidence on his association, if any, with any Afghanistan-based terrorist outfit.
Mudassir used to run a computer cum mobile shop near  the state transport (ST) bus station in Umarkhed and also handled a computer in his uncle’s house.
“Hard disks of both the computers were seized during the search conducted yesterday,” an official attached to Umarkhed police station said today requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to media.
When contacted, Yavatmal SP, Sanjay Darade on Wednesday confirmed the search by the Hyderabad police team, but did not elaborate.
“The team is investigating the matter and hence I  don’t want to speak on the details of their investigation,” Darade told PTI.
He said the local police did not know anything about any link between Mudassir and any terrorist group either based in the country or abroad.
A case had been registered against the duo with Gopalapuram police station under Hyderabad police commissionarate according to relevant sections of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act. y link between Mudassir and any terrorist group

Goa CM Manohar Parrikar meets Amit Shah  fuels speculation of getting Defence portfolioPrint
There have been reports that PM Modi will expand his Cabinet before winter session and Parrikar's name is being mentioned as a possible Defence Minister. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 8:28 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 8:37 pm
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday met BJP president Amit Shah amid reports that he may be inducted into the Union Cabinet.
There have been reports that Prime Minister Narendra Modi  will expand his Cabinet before the winter session of Parliament and Parrikar’s name is being mentioned as a possible Defence Minister. He is also likely to meet Modi.
Asked about the speculation that he may be inducted into the Cabinet, he said, “I can comment on it only after meeting the Prime Minister. Let the Prime Minister who has invited me comment.”
Parrikar, who met Shah at his residence, left for Delhi in the morning cancelling a Cabinet meeting that was to take up the issue of mining lease policy.
Haryana BJP leader Virendra Singh, a prominent Jat face of the party who has left Congress to join it before Haryana Assembly elections, also met Shah in the evening.

Hot air balloon lands tourists from West Indies in Ajmer jailPrint
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: November 5, 2014 7:59 pm
A hot air balloon ‘landed’ two foreign tourists in Ajmer jail on Tuesday and left jail authorities in a tizzy. The two women from West Indies had set sail along with an operator from Pushkar when the latter lost control of the hot air balloon due to strong winds and were directed towards neighbouring Ajmer jail.
The roll call of inmates had just got over when the hot air balloon descended on the jail premises taking the authorities by surprise. The tourists, both journalists on a tour of the ongoing annual Pushkar Fair, and the operator landed on the football field of the jail and were detained by the authorities for interrogation. They told the authorities that they wanted to take pictures of a bird’s eye view of the fair and so had chosen to sail on the hot air balloon. Both of them are siblings in their early 20s.
Officials said that they were alarmed as the incident amounted to a security lapse. A probe has been ordered and license to run the hot air balloons has been suspended. The hot air balloons were a big attraction this year at the Pushkar Fair but have now been grounded.
Sub inspector, Civil Lines police station Hanuman Vishnoi said, “When the operator saw that they were sailing over the Anasagar Lake, he got alarmed and tried to control the movement of the balloon. The nearest landing was the police lines and even though he steered towards it, the strong winds made the balloon sway further up to the Ajmer jail.”
The tourists told locals that they were treated well by the jail authorities during the interrogation but were so taken aback by the experience that they stuck to camel and elephant rides on Wednesday.
Officials said that a total of three hot air balloons had lost control on Tuesday and gone astray. The other two were recovered near Vaishali Nagar and Topdara areas in Ajmer that is 20 kms away from Pushkar.

http://usat.ly/1uvbKN6SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Residents of Oregon, Washington D.C and Alaska gave legal marijuana a thumbs up. But on Wall Street, investors are saying no way.
Shares of companies linked with the use of marijuana are largely down Wednesday despite the victories with voters. Most of these “pot stocks” are thinly traded stocks that are bought and sold on lightly regulated marketsplaces. Several of these stocks have been halted periodically by regulators over the past couple of months.
Medbox, one of the pot stocks with the highest market values at just $334 million, is down nearly 7% to $11.15.
Investors have learned that despite the hype with the populace, marijuana stocks remain risky and mostly something to avoid for now .
WEDNESDAY CHANGE OF SEVERAL “POT STOCKS”
Company

http://usat.ly/1uvu8FoChrysler Q3 earnings up 32% to $611 million
Chrysler Group said it earned net income of $611 million in Q3, up 32%.
Post to Facebook
Chrysler Q3 earnings up 32% to $611 million Chrysler Group said it earned net income of $611 million in Q3, up 32%. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qpune9
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chrysler Q3 earnings up 32% to $611 million
James R. Healey , 11:19 a.m. EST November 5, 2014
Jeep Cherokee sales are booming, contributing to parent company Chrysler's profits.
(Photo: Jeep)
Chrysler Group said it had third-quarter net income of $611 million, up 32% from a year ago.
Revenue was $20.7 billion, up 18%.
The automaker said it sol 711,000 vehicles worldwide in the quarter, up 18%.
Chrysler Group is a unit of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. Its results are included in FCA quarterly earnings reports.
But Chrysler issued publicly traded bonds independently, before Fiat and Chrysler combined in a single company, so Chrysler will continue to issue its own financial reports until the bonds are retired.
Chrysler on Tuesday reported October sales jumped 22.2% in a new-vehicle market up 6.1%, according to Autodata.
The company's Jeep brand was a star, up 51.7%.
ANALYSIS: October auto sales lessons, surprises
"Chrysler might be the poster child for the auto industry's recovery over the past five years. When things looked their worst in the dark, bankruptcy-plagued days of 2009, Chrysler seemed the least likely of the Detroit Three to survive," said Karl Brauer, senior analyst for Kelley Blue Book
."Now Chrysler, under Sergio Marchionne and Fiat's stewardship, is growing faster than any other U.S. automaker. It controls more market share than it did before the recession in 2007, the result of a 55-month streak of sales growth.
"Much of this growth, driven by Jeep's ability to offer compelling product backed by a powerful brand, shows no sign of slowing down. The U.S. market's hunger for SUVs has gone global, putting Jeep in a position to keep Chrysler growing with new global products like the Cherokee and Renegade," he said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qpune9
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1EiwlVRFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Goldman Sachs reports lower legal risk
Goldman Sachs reported another drop in its projected litigation expenses, bucking a trend that has hit other major banks.
Post to Facebook
Goldman Sachs reports lower legal risk Goldman Sachs reported another drop in its projected litigation expenses, bucking a trend that has hit other major banks. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tZXtpw
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Goldman Sachs reports lower legal risk
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 8:34 a.m. EST November 5, 2014
File photo taken in 2012 shows the New York City headquarters of investment bank Goldman Sachs
(Photo: STAN HONDA, AFP/Getty Images)
3 CONNECT 11 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Goldman Sachs ( GSF ) reported another drop in its projected litigation risk Wednesday, bucking a trend that has hit other major banks.
The New York-based investment banking giant said its "reasonably possible aggregate loss" is now approximately $2.5 billion beyond the amount already budgeted for potential penalties or defeats in judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings.
The rough total disclosed in Goldman's quarterly financial report represents a drop from the $3.2 billion the bank estimated in the bank's August filing and the $4 billion in its report last November.
By contrast, several other banks have disclosed rising legal risks.
JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ) on Monday reported that its reasonably possible losses from legal matters now total $5.9 billion, a $1.3 billion increase since June 30.
Additionally, Citigroup ( C ) stunned investors last week when the New York-based bank it cut its third-quarter earnings by $600 million due to an increased allowance for legal expenses.
JPMorgan: Feds pursuing criminal forex probe
Some of the pending legal matters reported by Goldman included mortgage-related securities lawsuits related to the bank's activities in the collateralized debt obligation market and separate lawsuits over the bank's underwriting of debt offerings for MF Global Securities, the brokerage that collapsed in bankruptcy in 2011.
Jilted Apple 'sapphire' glass partner files for bankruptcy
Goldman reported it was also among the underwriters named as defendants in putative securities class-action lawsuits involving GT Advanced Technologies ( GTAT ), the tech firm that filed for bankruptcy court protection in October. The company been expected to provide scratch-resistant sapphire to tech giant Apple ( AAPL ) for future mobile devices.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tZXtpw
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Wall St. up after midterm  ADP data; Dow hits recordWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Buoyancy and bubblesBuoyancy and bubbles
Tata Global Beverages Q2 Net down 65% to Rs 62.45 croreTata Global Beverages Q2 Net down 65% to Rs 62.45 crore
600 charged for gruesome murder of Pakistani Christian couple600 charged for gruesome murder of Pakistani Christian couple
Speculation over Cabinet reshuffle  Parrikar for DefenceSpeculation over Cabinet reshuffle  Parrikar for Defence
Vikas GlobalOne to hold board meetingVikas GlobalOne to hold board meeting
Panacea Biotec announces appointment of directorPanacea Biotec announces appointment of director
Ranbaxy to manufacture and market Fenofibrate Capsules USP 43 mg and 130 mgRanbaxy to manufacture and market Fenofibrate Capsules USP 43 mg and 130 mg
Economic reform in India is art of possible: Jaitley (Roundup)Economic reform in India is art of possible: Jaitley (Roundup)
Anka India: Board meeting on Nov 12  2014Anka India: Board meeting on Nov 12  2014
Keep up the reforms momentum  say expertsKeep up the reforms momentum, say experts
Our Bureau
Rate cut urged for growth push
New Delhi, November 5:  
The economy gathering pace marks an admirable start to the BJP-led Government but economic reforms must be sustained and interest rates cut to keep India charting an upward trend on the growth path.
This was the consensus among panellists at a session of the World Economic Forum’s (WEF) India Economic Summit, co-organised with the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), here on Wednesday.
Titled ‘India Growth Outlook’, the session focused on issues including the importance of regulatory reforms and highlighted labour market compliance, deregulation of diesel prices and Indian manufacturing.
The speakers included Anand Mahindra, Mahindra & Mahindra Group Chairman and Managing Director; Ajay Shriram, CII President; Gita Gopinath, Professor of Economics, Harvard University; and William Danvers, Deputy Secretary General of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
“For big bang reforms there is a need for steady consistent ones. It’s like cleaning the pipelines which were clogged. The Indian economy is like a flywheel, it takes a while to gain momentum and I see signs of it moving,” said Mahindra, adding that it was small businesses which required and most benefited from implementation of reforms.
Danvers urged patience, believing there was a need for clarity on the question of reforms for both investors and Indian citizens.
“Investors don’t want a miracle, they just want clarity. There needs to be better articulation of policy to the electorate. The Government, due to a large mandate, also needs to be careful about not committing to unrealistic expectations,” he said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Lakshmi Vilas Bank completes 88 yearsLakshmi Vilas Bank completes 88 years
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, November 5:  
For Lakshmi Vilas Bank, November 3, 2014, seemed to make all the difference. The day marked the completion of 88 years of its existence and for the first time in many years the bank commemorated the day.
When this correspondent asked Chief Executive of LVB, Rakesh Sharma, the reason for celebrating the 88th anniversary of the bank, he simply said, “The new management thought it fit to launch a series of initiatives and make the bank more relevant and up-to-date in the fast changing banking environment.”
After contemplating to shift its corporate office to Chennai for many years, LVB finally made the move in June this year. Bank sources maintain that the decision to shift its corporate headquarters to Chennai was more for logistics convenience.
It has in recent months inducted experienced professionals in key management positions, embarked on a transformation process by taking E&Y as a consultant and launched an initiative “Let’s be a happy bank” to enhance the happiness level of its employees.
When asked about this initiative, Sharma said, “It is aimed at improving working conditions for the staff, improving HR policies, strengthening the communication level and so on.”
The new management has initiated an internal communication exercise using tools like happiness index, town hall meeting, feedback, reviews etc, aimed at heightened internal bonding and better service, he said.
“The purpose of this exercise is to boost the morale of the staff and ensure a happy working environment. The process has already been set in motion and it seems to be paying off, though it’s still early to say much,” the LVB Chief maintained.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Modi asks officials to make cyber-visits to track projects on real-time basisModi asks officials to make cyber-visits to track projects on real-time basis
Our Bureau
New aviation policy on cards
New Delhi, November 5:  
While Prime Minister Narendra Modi reiterated the need to have inter-ministerial coordination, the Railways has identified 20 projects spread across 10 segments – new lines, high speed railways, port connectivity, electrification and factories – for attracting foreign direct investment.
In a meeting held on Wednesday, Modi reviewed the progress of projects in the connectivity-related infrastructure sectors of roads, railways, shipping and civil aviation, said a release. 
The Prime Minister urged top officials to undertake “cyber-visits” of all major project locations at least once a month, to track the progress of work on a real-time basis. 
Meet with Coastal States
He added that he would have a special meeting with all coastal States to discuss infrastructure, coastal security, island development, tourism, entertainment and biodiversity in an integrated, holistic manner. 
The release added, following the decision to allow 100 per cent FDI in Railways, 20 projects in 10 segments have been identified for FDI.
The Railways has also designed and fabricated a new wagon specifically for transport of salt, which will lead to a 40 per cent increase in the carrying capacity. 
On the civil aviation sector, Modi said that States should be made partners in working out and maintaining the viability of new international airports proposed to be set up within their territory.
A new civil aviation policy is under preparation. 
The Prime Minister, in the course of the meeting, repeatedly emphasised the need for faster inter-ministerial coordination and resolution of issues, and laid stress on achieving visible results in clear timeframes. 
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Gadkari accuses judiciary of trying to direct the GovtGadkari accuses judiciary of trying to direct the Govt
Our Bureau
Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari speaks during the India Economic Summit 2014 at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi on Wednesday. Reuters
‘Need to balance environmental concerns with development issues’
New Delhi, November 5:  
Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari came down hard on courts for recent decisions which put environmental issues ahead of developmental concerns.
At the India Economic Summit, organised by the World Economic Forum and CII, Gadkari said media houses and courts cannot take charge of administration.
Coal impact
Recently, the Supreme Court cancelled the allocation of several coal blocks, many of which had been accused of environmental pollution as well.
Further, the Supreme Court has also been talking tough on industries polluting rivers, especially the Ganga.
“In many cases the way decisions have been taken by courts, they are difficult to implement,” Gadkari said during the Summit, accusing the judiciary of trying to “direct” the Government.
The Minister said that there were economic issues involved with cancelling developmental projects, including project costs, escalation costs, claims and other expenses.
“We need ecology and environment but at the same time we need development. We should have an integrated approach,” he said.
This comes at a time when the Ministry of Environment and Forests is already facing criticism for relaxing several green regulatory norms in favour of pushing industrialisation and growth.
Adding to the Minister’s comments, Ajit Gulabchand, Chairman and Managing Director of Hindustan Construction Company, said that as long as the process of awarding projects by way of tenders are fair, there shouldn’t be too much interference.
He added that “there is certain kind of irresponsibility” in cancelling projects which have already taken off.
Meanwhile, Gadkari also promised that the pace of development of infrastructure will be improved significantly.
“Within two years our ambition is to build 30 km of road each day,” he said.
The current rate of road construction stands at under 3 km per day, he added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Aviation Ministry may dilute norms for airlines to fly abroadAviation Ministry may dilute norms for airlines to fly abroad
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 5:  
The rule stipulating that a domestic airline has to fly in the domestic skies for five years and have a fleet of 20 aircraft before it can fly abroad could soon either be done away with or diluted.
Senior officials of the Ministry of Civil Aviation told newspersons that a proposal is before the Secretary. At present, the Ministry feels that the rule should be changed to operating in the Indian skies for at least one or two years and having a fleet of at least five aircraft before giving a domestic airline permission to operate internationally.
A final decision on the issue will, however, have to be taken by the Union Cabinet. The rule as it exists, which also came to be known as the 5/20 rule, was formulated by the UPA-I Government in December 2004.
Since taking charge as the Minister for Civil Aviation in May, Ashok Gajapathi Raju has been seeking a review of the rule.
“Regulation has to have some purpose. Can someone enlighten me where in the world there are such rules? Policy should be in the interest of the country and not be used to tie the hands and feet of people. We need to draw up a reasonable and transparent policy,” the Minister had told BusinessLine in June.
The domestic aviation industry is divided on the issue. Existing airlines including Air India have vehemently opposed the move to scrap the rule and have instead suggested that start up airlines should be asked to operate in the domestic skies for one-to-two years before being allowed to fly abroad.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex breaches 28 000-pt mark for first time  closes lowerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The BSE Sensex today breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Why Im Fighting Back Against the Tabloidsreddit
My time as part of the Grammy Award-winning trio The Fugees afforded me many opportunities, professionally and personally. I travel the world, meet some the most interesting people and, most importantly, I am able to put my celebrity to good use by contributing to numerous charities and other philanthropic projects.
Of all my endeavors, I take my philanthropic work most seriously. Whether it is creating documentaries to shed light on the plight of Los Angeles' homeless population (as I did with Skid Row), working with my friends Sean Penn, Paul Haggis and the Clinton Global Initiative to rebuild Haiti after it suffered devastation in the 2010 earthquake, or traveling with Marc Anthony to Peru for his Maestro Cares foundation for children in need, engaging in charitable efforts is something that I hold dear to my heart and believe is my larger purpose on this planet.
Because of my connection to these and other causes, I was deeply disturbed and angered by the malicious accusations made by the New York Post, reporting that I bailed on "my" 9/11 charity. I have no 9/11 charity. I was never scheduled to perform at such an event. I was not even aware of the existence or planning concerning the event.
I know that my personal life is fodder for the tabloids, and although I certainly wish they would not fixate on my relationships (both personal and professional), I know that is par for the course. However, in reporting that I failed to show up for a charity concert, to which I had and continue to have no connection, the New York Post crossed the line. It is not just that the New York Post reported something that was untrue -- as my complaint to the court contends , it was that their investigative journalists received confirmation that I was in no way connected to the organization and event, yet still chose to recklessly print lies. Tabloids may not be the standard by which we judge journalistic ethics, but a reporter still must have a responsibility to at least not spread blatant untruths. Further, it is disrespectful to the families of those who lost their lives on 9/11 to use that tragedy so flippantly in order to further a vendetta against an individual.
Enough is enough. By suing the New York Post, I hope to also send a message to other news outlets that they cannot get away with maligning celebrities for the sheer fun of it and maliciously ruin an individual's reputation in the effort to garner page views. I will not allow the reputation that I have earned as a humanitarian to be sullied by reckless reporting. What good could possibly come from reporting from such an obvious misrepresentation? None. If I chose to remain silent on this matter, it would further damage my reputation, which could, in turn, limit the amount of money I am able to raise for charities in the future. Is that worth headlines and retweets for the New York Post? I think not. For too long tabloids have been given carte blanche to report whatever they want, regardless of the veracity of the story. It is time to take them to task.
More:

A Voters Guide to the Drug Warreddit
Whatever else Tuesday may bring, it looks poised to be a banner day for those of us who have long sought to end America's failed war on drugs. And if the stars and voter participation align, it may indeed prove a tipping point in the long fight toward a possible landslide for Drug War Reform.
Citizens across the country will vote Tuesday on more initiatives to reform drug control policy than at any other time in American history. This is a coup in itself, of course, reflecting how much the movement to end the Drug War has gained ground in recent years. But to seal the deal and truly begin to close this harrowingly destructive chapter in American history, voters need to understand how the war has failed for over forty years to curb rates of drug addiction or abuse while instead simply shattering families, tearing communities apart, and wasting taxpayer dollars, all the while sowing popular distrust in law enforcement and filling the nation's jails with predominantly poor, minority, and nonviolent inmates. Above all, the public needs to understand how damaging the war has been not only to other families and communities but to their own.
The good news is, increasingly, they do. After crying in the wilderness for decades, long-time advocates for Drug War reform are finally seeing the tide of public opinion turn: a Pew report from earlier this year found that 67% of the country thought the government should focus on providing treatment to users of hard drugs, while only 26% thought the focus should be on criminal prosecution. That's a sea change from just a few years ago, when "lock 'em up and throw away the key" was how most people thought the country should approach its drug problem. Tuesday, we face an opportunity to begin codifying that shift of public opinion into law, with more than seven states and seventeen municipalities deciding on crucial legislation related to marijuana legalization and criminal justice reform.
If even a handful of initiatives in states like Oregon, Alaska, Florida, California, and Washington D.C. pass, Tuesday could prove a milestone in the long fight to end this forty-year nightmare. Beyond this state and city level, how voters vote on drug policy will also send a strong message to the Obama administration as it considers candidates to replace Attorney General Eric Holder, arguably the strongest proponent for fixing America's broken drug policies to ever hold the office.
The stakes couldn't be higher, which is why it's important to be informed. If you live in one of the states below, it's crucial that you get to the polls and help strike another fatal blow against the War on Drugs. Here's a helpful cribsheet on what needs your vote:
· Oregon - Looking to be the third state in the Union to fully legalize marijuana for adults, Oregon has Measure 91 on the ballot. If passed, the measure would legalize possession of small amounts of marijuana, create a state-wide system to regulate production and sales, and allow individuals to cultivate small amounts for personal use.
· District of Colombia - With the highest per capita rate of arrest for marijuana in the country, and huge disparities along racial lines, Washington D.C. is ripe for reform. If passed, Initiative 71 would make it legal for adults to possess and cultivate small amounts of marijuana.
· Alaska - Modeling itself on Colorado's successful example, Alaska's Measure 2 , if passed, would legalize, tax, and provide a state-regulated marijuana market for adult use.
· Florida - Poised to become the very first southern state to legalize medical marijuana, Florida will be deciding on Amendment 2 . If the amendment passes, Florida will be the 24th state in the country to officially determine that marijuana is medicine.
· California - While many of the initiatives this election season are focused on marijuana reform, California is poised to pass a much more sweeping piece of criminal justice legislation. Proposition 47 would reclassify six low-level, non-violent offenses, including simple drug possession, from felonies to misdemeanors. If passed, the proposition is estimated to save more than a $1 billion per year, which would be diverted to school, mental health, and victim's services.
· New Jersey - Bail reform in New Jersey got a huge boost earlier this year when governor Chris Christie signed legislation to fix New Jersey's broken bail system. If passed, Public Question No. 1 will make this change a concrete reality. The initiative would benefit low-level drug offenders and help eliminate criminal justice disparities based on class and income.
· Maine - Three cities in Maine: York, South Portland, and Lewiston , will decide whether to join the city of Portland in decriminalizing adult possession of up to an ounce of marijuana.
· Michigan - A slew of municipalities in Michigan (11 to date!) will vote on whether to remove local penalties on the adult possession of small amounts of marijuana in a private residence.
· New Mexico - Two counties, Bernalillo (Albuquerque) and Sante Fe , will decide whether to join the City of Sante Fe in decriminalizing possession of small amounts of marijuana by adults.
· Guam - Potentially the first U.S. territory to adopt medical marijuana, Guam will decide on a referendum that would legalize medical marijuana and open state-regulated dispensaries.
If you don't see your state or city above, how you vote on Tuesday is still crucial in terms of shaping the larger state and national approach to drugs. That's why it's great that the Drug Policy Alliance has published a guide to help voters know which of their candidates support the kind of change our drug policy needs (state-by-state listings start on page 14). Get out and support a representative who's on the right side of history and you can help end the failed War on Drugs.
Eugene Jarecki is an award-winning filmmaker, author, and public thinker. His most recent film, the Sundance- and Peabody-Award winning THE HOUSE I LIVE IN , investigates America's failed War on Drugs.
More:

Emoji could be getting some racial diversityInstagram MTV  (tv network)
Emoji could be getting some racial diversity
'People all over the world want to have emoji that reflect more human diversity, especially for skin tone'
Soon you may be able to send your friends emoji that look a little more like you.
8
The Unicode Consortium, which sets the international standards for characters such as emoji, proposed an update on Monday that would introduce diversity to the emoticons.
“People all over the world want to have emoji that reflect more human diversity, especially for skin tone,” the proposal said.
Count Twitter as the latest company to jump on the emoji bandwagon. The microblogging service said it will now display the cartoon icons on its website. ( Salvador Rodriguez )
Emoji are popular among users, who include them in text messages and posts on Instagram and Twitter. Unicode introduced 250 new emoji in June, but the release was criticized for doing little to change the small subset of diverse characters.
Though emoji characters are meant to be generic, the report noted, the images are often shown with a lighter skin tone, leaving out a swath of other human appearances. Companies such as Apple, which earlier this year said it was working to add more characters, are unable to make these changes to emoji diversity on their own.
0
"There needs to be more diversity in the emoji character set, and we have been working closely with the Unicode Consortium in an effort to update the standard," Katie Cotton, Apple's vice president of worldwide corporate communications, told MTV in March.
Unicode 8.0, scheduled for mid-2015, would add five modifiers providing for a range of skin tones for human emoji, the organization said. Those characters are based on the six tones of the Fitzpatrick scale -- a recognized standard for dermatology. 
But, the organization admitted, there are many other types of diversity -- hair styles, facial hair and body types, for example -- that it can't code. 
"It is beyond the scope of Unicode to provide an encoding-based mechanism for representing every aspect of human appearance diversity that emoji users might want to indicate," the report said.
Follow me on Twitter: @ParviniParlance

Goa CM Manohar Parrikar meets Amit Shah  fuels speculation of getting DefenceportfolioPrint
There have been reports that PM Modi will expand his Cabinet before winter session and Parrikar's name is being mentioned as a possible Defence Minister. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 8:28 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 8:37 pm
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday met BJP president Amit Shah amid reports that he may be inducted into the Union Cabinet.
There have been reports that Prime Minister Narendra Modi  will expand his Cabinet before the winter session of Parliament and Parrikar’s name is being mentioned as a possible Defence Minister. He is also likely to meet Modi.
Asked about the speculation that he may be inducted into the Cabinet, he said, “I can comment on it only after meeting the Prime Minister. Let the Prime Minister who has invited me comment.”
Parrikar, who met Shah at his residence, left for Delhi in the morning cancelling a Cabinet meeting that was to take up the issue of mining lease policy.
Haryana BJP leader Virendra Singh, a prominent Jat face of the party who has left Congress to join it before Haryana Assembly elections, also met Shah in the evening.

http://usat.ly/1uvzdxGWhat the election means for your money
By: Adam Shell November 5, 2014 9:54 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The midterm election is in the history books. And the Republicans were big winners. Is the GOP sweep good news for your money, too?
The Republican landslide, which gave it full control of both chambers of Congress, does matter to markets.
But, “we wouldn’t say this election is a game changer,” says Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management. He dubs the change in the U.S. political landscape a “modest shift.”
The reason: While the balance of power shifted, it was a modest shift. And there’s no guarantee that any new business-friendly legislation passed by the GOP-controlled Congress next year will be signed into law by President Obama.
“It’s an open question whether he signs such legislation and the extent to which Republicans and the president work together,” Doll adds.
One hour into today’s trading on Wall Street the Dow Jones industrial average was up modestly, rising 37 points, or 0.2%, to 17,421.
Main Street cast their votes for change Tuesday night. Now it’s Wall Street’s turn to vote with its wallet.
Wall Street, of course, will be waiting to see if any legislation changes occur next year when the new Republican-controlled Congress duels with the Democrat Obama in the White House.
Wall Street views the Republican party as more business-friendly, given the party’s well-known distaste for taxes and laws and regulations that hinder the growth of the economy and that hinder the profitability of U.S. companies.
While the election results might not be a game-changer, it does open the door for policy changes, new laws and other moves that could affect businesses – and specific sectors of the economy.
“The long-awaited expansion of the Keystone Pipeline would likely be high on the agenda,” says Doll, adding that if Obama approves such a move it would be a “boon to energy and infrastructure companies.”
There will also be a push to repeal the tax on medical devices, which would benefit that industry. Faster adoption of liquefied natural gas exports is also likely to be on Republican radar screens, as is increased defense spending, Doll says.
Other key issues that will be in the spotlight include tax reform, especially at the corporate level; energy policy as the nation becomes more energy-independent; not to mention legislation pertaining to health care, financial regulation, trade agreements and immigration.
But midterm elections tend to be bullish for stocks. The benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index has performed much better in the final quarter of the year after a midterm vote. In the past 80 years, stocks have risen 2% in November and 1.8% in December during midterm election years, according to data from Strategas Research Partners. See chart below:
Strategas Research Partners
And the third year of the four-year presidential cycle is the most bullish of all. Since 1950, the U.S. stock market has rallied 18.7%, on average, in the third year of a president’s term.
Strategas Research Partners

Government to revive 23 district co-operativ...Banks
(Government today decided…)
NEW DELHI: Government today decided to infuse Rs 2,375.42 crore to revive 23 District Central Cooperative Banks (DCCBs) in four states which were on the verge of closure.
Of the total amount, state government would contribute Rs 1,464.59 crore, Centre Rs 673.29 crore and NABARD Rs 237.54 crore, said a statement issued after the Cabinet meeting here.
"Government of India has decided to revive and infuse capital in 23 cooperative banks in the country," Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters after the Cabinet meeting.
According to Prasad, there are 23 unlicenced district level banks including 16 in Uttar Pradesh, three each in Jammu and Kashmir and Maharashtra and one in West Bengal. These banks were on the verge of closure.
These banks have deposits base of about Rs 6,839 crore and loan book of around Rs 3,774 crore.
The Minister said the government wanted to revive these banks as people from lower strata of society and small businessmen have deposits in these institutions.
He said that the central government will fully cooperate with states to revive these banks through NABARD.
According to the statement, Centre's share of Rs 673.29 crore would be released through NABARD as interest-free loan and would be converted into grant on fulfilment of conditionalities/deliverables outlined in the scheme.
These conditionalities include bringing the NPAs to at least half of the current levels by March 31, 2017; making 15 percent growth rate of deposits for next two years; drawing up of a monthly Monitorable Action Plan; placement of competent CEOs fulfilling 'Fit & Proper' criteria; and putting Corporate Governance Systems in place.
The assistance from NABARD would be in the form of loan to the respective state governments under Section 27 of NABARD Act, 1981.
The scheme for revival of these unlicensed DCCBs will help in revival of these cooperative banks.
This will result in protecting the interests of depositors and catering to the credit needs of farmers.
Once revived, these cooperative banks would become eligible for obtaining licenses from RBI for continuing their operations in rural areas and would also be able to meet CRAR (Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets Ratio) requirement prescribed by RBI. This means 7 percent CRAR by 31st March, 2015 and 9 percent CRAR by 31st March, 2017.
For the purpose of implementation of the scheme, a tripartite agreement in the form of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), stipulating conditionalities and deliverables, will be signed between the Centre and state and NABARD.
During the implementation of the scheme, operations of these 23 unlicensed DCCBs would be closely monitored by NABARD and RBI, so that they meet the licensing requirement within the time frame as prescribed in the scheme, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1qpDKdWWhere America landed on marijuana
Millions of Americans today are deciding whether to relax laws governing the use and possession of marijuana.
Post to Facebook
Where America landed on marijuana Millions of Americans today are deciding whether to relax laws governing the use and possession of marijuana. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tYmPUM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
236
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Where America landed on marijuana
Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY 10:52 a.m. EST November 5, 2014
Video Keywords Grady Judd Share rates Medicinal marijuana
Most of Florida's voters voted in favor of legalizing medical marijuana, but Amendment 2 still came 2% percent shy of the votes needed to pass. Supporters vow to keep fighting. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Another hot button issue during the election whether or not
00:05  to legalize medical marijuana in the state of Florida. Element to
00:09  needed 60% of the vote to pass you can see there
00:13  it felt just a little bit short of that. Now the
00:15  man out in front of medical marijuana attorney John Morgan tweeted.
00:19  We needed 60%. We came close we tried our best this
00:23  is only the first battle we will win this war. He
00:26  is in this thing to win it weather is tonight the
00:29  weather isn't legislative session. Whether it was on the 26 in
00:32  doubt. Share rates judge has been an outspoken opponent in this
00:37  issue we just heard from him tonight he seems extremely pleased.
00:40  He is extremely pleased that the tell you that he is
00:43  not the only one who has been fighting again. Medicinal marijuana
00:47  has specifically this constitutional amendment amendment. Number two that voters tonight.
00:53  Rejected there's a large group of people war against this specifically
00:57  they say because of the many loopholes that was in this
01:01  constitutional amendment. So the message got out from the Florida shares
01:05  that this was not truly an amendment for that varies that.
01:10  And afflicted. What this was with the sheep in wolves clothing.
01:15  And as a result peoples state of Florida has spoken to
01:18  us that we don't want this. In the Florida constitution. Share
01:23  Grady Judd telling us tonight that he feels like the legislature.
01:27  Really needs to listen to voters when you see how many
01:30  people cast their vote warned that the minute he's that. It
01:34  is clear that there probably should be some type of law
01:37  on the books. To really help people but he is concerned
01:41  about all of the loopholes that were an amendment. State lawmakers
01:46  had passed a narrow medical marijuana law earlier this year to
01:49  allow only low potential strains. Of the drug for certain pace.
A marijuana plant grows in a Denver greenhouse.
(Photo: Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY)
21322 CONNECT 1389 TWEET 18 LINKEDIN 236 COMMENTEMAILMORE
While Florida voters narrowly rejected a plan to legalize medical marijuana, voters in Washington, D.C., Oregon, and Alaska approved recreational pot posession and use by adults
And in Guam, voters  legalized medical marijuana use, according to initial returns showing Proposal 14A passing with more than half of the vote.
Supporters say the legalization wins indicate voters think America's pot prohibition is a failure, especially since non-presidential elections tend to draw an older, more conservative electorate. Twenty-three states and the nation's capital already permit medical marijuana. Tuesday's vote means Washington, D.C., Alaska and Oregon join Colorado and Washington in allowing adults to posses and consume marijuana just for fun.
Florida's medical marijuana initiative, Amendment 2, received more than 50% of the vote, but failed to reach the 60% needed to pass.
Millions of Americans to vote on marijuana legalization
Alaska's measure is similar to Colorado's, and Oregon's is modeled on Washington state's. Washington, D.C.'s initiative legalizes marijuana possession but doesn't establish a taxation system because voters aren't allowed to directly implement taxes themselves.
"Wins in Alaska and Oregon will provide a boost to efforts in other states because they will demonstrate the benefits of regulating and taxing marijuana. Losses won't really have much impact. After all, an initiative to make marijuana legal failed in Colorado in 2006," said Mason Tvert, a spokesman for the pro-legalization Marijuana Policy Project.
"Some states will end marijuana prohibition more quickly than others, just as some states ended alcohol prohibition more quickly than others. But they all did in the end, and now just about everybody recognizes that it was a good idea," he said.
View where marijuana is legal
Critics say legalizing pot will lead to increased youth use, and they fear overdoses from popular marijuana-infused foods known as "edibles."
"What we've seen is that the more people hear details about legalization, whether it is details of specific laws or details of experiences in Colorado or Washington, they are turned off from legalization," said Kevin Sabet, director of the Drug Policy Institute at the University of Florida.
"Legalization in theory, it seems, fares much better than legalization in practice," he said. "We're so far from national legalization at this point, and the recent and sudden success of legalization advocates two years ago has started a counter movement. This discussion is far from over."
• With more than 65% of votes counted, Oregon's Measure 91 had strong support from voters, with well more than half of them in support.
• Initial tallies show's Alaska's Ballot Measure 2, passing, surprising some supporters who thought they might see a narrow loss.
• Voters in Washington, D.C., overwhelmingly approved Initiative 71, but it won't apply on the large sections of federal land in the district, and Congress could always step in.
The strong support in Washington, D.C., heartened legalization supporters: "With marijuana legal in the federal government's backyard, it's going to be increasingly difficult for national politicians to continue ignoring the growing majority of voters who want to end prohibition. I've been saying for a while that 2016 presidential candidates need to start courting the cannabis constituency, and now the road to the White House quite literally travels through legal marijuana territory," said Tom Angell, chairman of the Marijuana Majority.
MORE ELECTIONS FROM USA TODAY

http://usat.ly/1vJlttQEPA/LONG WEI
Q: Is it too late to invest in Alibaba?
A: Diving into Alibaba shares on the first day is a gamble that’s paying off big time. Shares of the Chinese e-Commerce company have soared, which makes the opportunity for latecomers even smaller.
Alibaba’s stock-price performance has been spectacular. Shares jumped 7% to $106.07 on Tuesday following the company’s better-than-expected earnings report for its first quarter as a public company. Alibaba’s stock has jumped 56% from its initial offering price of $68 a share set in September. Even investors that jumped in at the first-day closing price of $93.89 are in the money.
The trouble with soaring stock prices, though, is that they reduce the opportunity for future investors. The average 18-month price target on shares of Alibaba is $111.32. If analysts are correct in their assessment, that means there’s just 5% upside for the shares from Tuesday’s closing price.
Keep in mind the average annual gain of the market is 10%, so by investing in Alibaba, you’re accepting much higher risk in exchange for an expected return that’s less than the market. The big wildcard is whether the company can continue to trounce earnings estimates. If so, that would be a way for the company to justify a stock price above price targets. Analysts are calling for Alibaba to earn $2.80 a share in 2014, which would be a 29% increase from what the company is seen earning in 2013.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Republican National Committee Holds News ConferenceSOON: John Kerry Gives Speech at Saban Forum
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Dan Steinberg and Kevin ReissCoach Barry Trotz insisted upon the ebbs and flows of special teams. Here was another flow.
Dec 7, 2014
The 20-year-old rookie has played just once since Nov. 11, so Coach Barry Trotz hinted a reassignment to Hershey may come soon.
Dec 7, 2014
Four skaters score, including Karl Alzner, who scored the eighth goal of his career, and Jay Beagle, who scored his fourth of the season, which tied a career high.
Dec 6, 2014
Washington wins its second straight in regulation as Alzner, Beagle and Kuznetsov score on the road.
Dec 6, 2014
Both sides try to generate a winning streak Saturday at Prudential Center.
Dec 6, 2014
New Jersey snapped a five-game winless streak, but has several game-time decisions for Saturday against Washington.
Dec 6, 2014
“It’s okay,” Coach Barry Trotz said. “Pull him out of a game, let him reset, if you will. “
Dec 6, 2014
He’s not wrong. The Capitals’ current pace would leave them at 85 points, almost assuredly watching the postseason from afar.
Dec 6, 2014
Cameras will follow the Capitals in the weeks leading up to the New Year’s Day game against Chicago.
Dec 5, 2014
“I’m anxious to get back, but we’ve got to be smart,” Green said. “That’s the last thing you want, is setbacks.“
Dec 5, 2014
Load More
About
A Falls Church native, Alex Prewitt joined the Post in the fall of 2012, covering University of Maryland athletics. He is a 2012 graduate of Tufts University. Prior to joining the Post, he worked for the Boston Globe, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, ESPN.com and USA Today.
Most Read

What Tim Geithner Really Thought Of Obama AdministrationPrivate Papers Reveal What Tim Geithner Really Thought Of Obama Administration
ProPublica  | By                                                                Jeff Gerth
Updated:
10/30/2014  2:59 pm EDT
FILE - In this April 25, 2012 file photo, Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner speaks in Portland, Ore. The Obama administration is warning Syria that U.N. sanctions may be near, as Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton heads Wednesday to Turkey to talk strategy with America's allies and look for a way to win Russia's support for a transition plan ending the Assad regime. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
Pop quiz: Which high-profile official faulted the Obama administration for the following botched responses to the financial crisis?
1) Policing bad banks: "The enforcement response we sought came way more slowly than would have been ideal ... and (inevitably) fell far short of what people thought would be appropriate ...
2) A mortgage task force Obama announced in his 2012 State of the Union speech "was not about the average individual victims , but more the fights among the consenting adults that had sold and bought mortgage securities that performed badly."
3) The government's $25 billion National Mortgage Settlement to fix botched foreclosures "was ridiculously protracted and ultimately unsatisfying in the penalties imposed and relief sought."
Outspoken progressive Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.?
Libertarian firebrand Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky.?
Sorry, no. The answer is actually Timothy Geithner, the former Treasury secretary, architect of the crisis rescue packages and, more typically, the Obama administration's stalwart defender.
The criticisms all come from a cache of previously unreleased documents prepared for Geithner's recent memoir, "Stress Test," that are part of one of the biggest legal fights from the financial crisis, a case against the government by shareholders of insurance giant AIG.
The 500-plus pages of private papers obtained by ProPublica show a different side of Geithner – one more candidly critical of the administration's policies and of his own shortcomings. In some instances, they express views he watered down or left out of the book, particularly when it comes to the administration's efforts to police Wall Street and get relief to homeowners.
Geithner declined to comment, spokeswoman Jenni LeCompte said.
In the book's chief analogy, Geithner and the administration are firefighters battling a cataclysmic financial arson. They can punish the arsonists by letting the big banks burn down, but the greater good is to save them, though not necessarily their shareholders, and prevent the collapse of the whole financial system.
That theme is echoed in the private papers, but they also make clear that Geithner believed the rescue came up short on multiple fronts.
"We sought a very powerful enforcement response by competent authorities," he writes in a May 2013 memo titled "On the Politics of the Crisis Response" and slugged "TFG draft." " This didn't turn out as we'd hoped , in part because we didn't give it enough attention."
The memo, written after Geithner left the Treasury job, seeks to explain why the government rescues were not politically popular and tilted toward Wall Street rather than Main Street .
Enforcement was slow "in part because the illegal stuff was very hard to prove," Geithner writes, but also because of expectations "given the prevailing view that the crisis was caused by criminals [sic] behavior of a few bankers and mortgage brokers and investors."
Attempts to shake up supervision fizzled. " We changed part of the leadership of the financial oversight system, but not in a way that signaled a new team of sheriffs," he says. "The bank supervisors got tougher, but we had no high-profile firings."
Obama's regulatory picks, he goes on, were not initially seen as "likely to be tough enforcers."  He cites his own background as "a former sort of bank supervisor" during his prior job as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York before and during the crash. (The New York Fed supervised giant Wall Street banks; Geithner's book acknowledges that he missed troubles at Citigroup and didn't push hard enough for bank safeguards.)
Some of the administration's enforcement efforts were misplaced, Geithner adds, singling out the Securities and Exchange Commission. " A huge part of the SEC's attention was on insider trading ," he says, "which though offensive and damaging played no role in causing the crisis."
In "Stress Test," Geithner argued that the amount of mortgage fraud "deserved a more forceful enforcement response than the government delivered." At the same time, he said it would be "inaccurate" to say "Wall Street paid no price for its misbehavior," given that big banks paid more than $100 billion in fines related to the crisis. 
The 2013 memo is less evenhanded. Besides criticizing the national mortgage settlement, which was mostly meant to help foreclosed borrowers, Geithner faults a Justice Department mortgage fraud task force as a " good idea, (that) delivered little. "
"We put in place innovative and quite expensive programs to help homeowners refinance and restructure mortgages and to support small business lending," he writes. "Here, too, the programs seemed small, and limited, and late relative to the magnitude of the damage done by the crisis."
ProPublica has reported extensively on the failings of government mortgage relief programs and the failure to prosecute corporate wrongdoers .
The Geithner papers, portions of which are redacted, were produced in the ongoing AIG case in the Federal Court of Claims in Washington, D.C., and have not been widely available.
In the lawsuit, former AIG chief Maurice Greenberg and other shareholders are seeking $40 billion to resolve claims the government's 2008 bailout imposed more onerous terms on the insurer than banks. Geithner defended the government in testimony earlier this month .
Besides several memos like the one from 2013, the papers include transcripts of informal conversations Geithner had with his collaborators while working on the book. In some of this material, a visceral distrust of populists, business groups, labor leaders, politicians and the media emerges, as does a sense of being unfairly under siege.
"We took a pragmatic course focusing on things that were central to the crisis — wars of necessity not wars of choice," Geithner writes. "This put us in no man's land, as we found ourselves on so many policy issues, with reforms that enraged the right, but did not really satisfy the left."
"I had deep distrust and scorn for the prevailing populist impulse" and didn't expect " broader public acclaim for the shit we had to do," the 2013 memo says. In other musings, he declares himself no fan of the Tea Party or what he called "professional progressives."
In an accounting from his book, Geithner estimates that the various government rescue efforts, as of the end of 2013, resulted in a $166 billion surplus for taxpayers. That is the net difference between almost $200 billion in positive results from programs adopted in 2008 minus losses of more than $30 billion from Obama's auto and housing rescues.
But the media, in Geithner's view, didn't give enough credit to the administration's successes, which quickly became "old news," and were slow to correct mistakes.
In one transcript, Geithner calls a prominent news anchor who'd interviewed him a "super dick," though he also admits, "I kind of deserved it." Another widely followed business columnist, who he asked to correct a mistake, was a "crazy person," he says.
All the same, Geithner was willing to cooperate with writers who took a more humanistic or favorable approach; he mentions a 2010 article in Vogue as well as a 2009 interview with a prominent editorial columnist Geithner said didn't "really know anything about this stuff."
Geithner faults himself and the Obama administration for not doing a better job in communicating good news, especially the positive results from TARP, the $700 billion program to buy troubled assets and equity from banks.
The TARP was organized by Hank Paulson, Geithner's predecessor at Treasury under the Bush administration. President Obama "was not going to go out and say 'I just want to remind you of this stuff that Paulson and Geithner did that I supported' as a senator, Geithner says in one transcript. Obama could not trumpet the returns because unemployment remained too high, he adds.
In his book, Geithner took Washington's political culture to task for "backbiting and posturing and political gamesmanship." He is even more critical in private.
Labor leaders wasted their time on fighting regulation of derivatives – the complex financial securities that helped inflame the crisis – because "it was not going to have any measurable effect on the fortunes of organized labor ," he wrote in the 2103 memo.
The business community, too, had its "share of extortion or protection rackets like the Chamber of Commerce ," Geithner writes, though "it was often hard to tell who was corrupting whom. The politicians did all sorts of things to raise money, some of them extortion-like."
As for the "smart, old, global businesses," they were "stunningly naive about how easily they were played" and how their money was spent "in all sorts of dumb ways."
Geithner confesses to some naiveté of his own.
" I really had no idea of the limits of executive and president power on economic issues," he writes in the 2013 memo. "I had no idea how little leverage we had over individual members of Congress." Geithner says he made a "very good prop" at hearings because "I attracted so much attention. No questions were really ever asked with the purpose of being answered."
" Nothing with Congress was on the up and up ," he writes. "Only the slimmest pretense of seriousness."
At one point Geithner admits to sounding "kind of whiney."
One misconception that troubled him was a persistent belief that he had once worked on Wall Street. That was not true; most of his career was in the government.
Once he left the administration, that changed. In late 2013, Geithner went to work in New York at the private equity firm Warburg Pincus, where he is president and managing director .
Do you have thoughts to share about Tim Geithner or the government's response to the financial crisis? Email Jeff.Gerth@propublica.org
ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative newsroom.  Sign up for their newsletter .
More:

Car Talk  co-host Tom Magliozzi dead at age 77Using this automotive sound glossary can get you speaking the same language as your car and your mechanic. ( Bob Weber )
"We can be happy that he lived the life he wanted to live; goofing off a lot, talking to you guys every week, and primarily, laughing his ass off," Ray Magliozzi said in a statement.
The program, which was taped at Boston public radio affiliate WBUR, has continued to air in re-runs following the pair's retirement two years ago after more than three decades on the air.
The pair joked with each other and listeners who called in for advice on topics from how to eke a few more years out of aging vehicles to marital advice. Most exchanges during the more than 1,200 episodes recorded during the show's 35-year run were punctuated by Magliozzi's echoing laugh.
Here's hoping you have plenty of caaas to drive in heaven, Tom.
drinkmelort

Meet The Men Who Unabashedly Expressed Femininity In The 1950sreddit
Casa Susanna was a getaway for cross-dressers in the 1950s and 1960s in Hunter, New York. At a time when gender norms allowed for little to no flexibility, this safe haven allowed men to explore their gender fluidity and express their femininity.
Tito Valenti, who often went by the name of Susanna, founded the house, along with his wife Marie, who ran a wig store on Fifth Avenue. The pair hosted a variety of men, some who brought wives and girlfriends along with them, others who left their significant others at home. In the safe space of the Casa Susanna, men donned a variety of mid-century costumes associated with femininity: the housewife, the femme fatale, the blushing schoolgirl.
As noted by the Los Angeles Times: " The photos are notable because they are not garish or bawdy ; these are not drag queens, simply men enjoying the freedom to explore sides of themselves normally locked up tight."
The images even inspired a play by Harvey Fierstein titled "Casa Valentina," which in turn prompted more thought on the inner lives of these photographic subjects. " Their dressing isn’t so they can be with other girls and play bridge ,” Fierstein explained. “Their dressing is to lose the male role. ‘I don’t have to take the car in. I’m freed from having all the answers. I’m freed from being the breadwinner.’ It’s to take on the female -- they call it ‘the girl within.’ It’s to become this idealized female."
"The most interesting thing I learned in all of this," Fierstein continued, "and what really became fascinating to me, is that there is no ‘normal’ to heterosexual... It’s all, as Kinsey said, a ‘sliding scale.’"
The striking set of photos reveal a forgotten world, full of card games and home cooked meals and makeup tutorials. The " Casa Susanna: A Photographic Archive from the Collection of Robert Swope and Michel Hurst " series went to auction recently at Wright's New York Gallery. Take a (digital) journey of Casa Susanna with the images below and see our coverage of the Casa Susanna book here .

FOXS GOTHAM: 7 Takeaways from Episode 7  from Penguin to Mr. Zsasz.Detectives James Gordon (Ben McKenzie), left, and Harvey Bullock (Donal Logue are captured by Falcone’s men in the “Penguin’s Umbrella” episode of Fox’s “Gotham.” (courtesy of Jessica Miglio/FOX)
 
THIS WEEK on Fox’s “Gotham,” the cat — or better yet, the penguin — is finally out of the bag.
Last week’s episode, which ended with Oswald Cobblepot’s major reveal, set the tone for everything that happens this week. Now that everyone knows the Penguin is alive, and so heads must roll. Fish Mooney wants Oswald dead. Maroni doesn’t want to give up his new pet. And Falcone is a little too calm about everything (we’ll learn why by episode’s end).
We finally meet our first legit Bat-villain in Victor Zsasz (sorry, Balloonman and Goat Guy), and Gordon begins to get a look at who his real allies are in Gotham’s seemingly never-ending war on crime.
Here are Comic Riffs’ 7 Takeaways from this week’s episode:
1. The Penguin factor
As this episode starts, everyone is dealing with the discovery that Oswald is alive. Bullock is punching Gordon any chance he can get (the temporary return of bad-cop Harvey). Fish is telling Falcone that the Penguin must die. And Gordon is telling fiancee Barbara that she has to leave Gotham immediately, no questions asked. Meanwhile, the look on Oswald’s face suggests everything is going just as he planned it — which it is.
2. Mr. Zsasz
With Oswald alive, it’s obvious to the Gotham mob that Gordon didn’t go through with his Penguin execution as he was ordered to. So Gordon has to pay. Falcone orders his No. 1 killer — well-known Batman villain Victor Zsasz (played by Anthony Carrigan) — to bring Gordon in alive. Victor — just like every other bad guy in this show when Gordon is sought — decides to go right through the front door of the GCPD, standing on a desk and screaming for Gordon to come out. Gordon hears the screams while in the office of Captain Essen, who is wondering why Gordon still comes to work when the mob is after him.
Gordon greets Victor and tells him that nothing is going to happen to him in an office with 50 cops. So Victor tells the cops to leave. It’s Gotham City, so we all knew the cops weren’t going to stay there. Captain Essen has been one of the hardest cops to figure out on this show, but in a rare show of nobility from a Gotham cop not named Jim, says that she won’t be ordered around on her turf. She stands by Gordon’s side (maybe there’s hope for the GCPD). Gordon tells the captain to get somewhere safe and then has a good, old-fashioned shootout with Victor and his two heat-packing helpers. Gordon is hit with bullets twice, and is a sitting duck in the GCPD garage — until he gets help from a most unlikely source.
3. Montoya and Allen to the rescue
When a car pulls up to rescue Jim from certain death, you figure it must be Harvey, but no. It’s Gordon’s former worst enemies, Montoya and Allen — the cops who were convinced that Gordon was a murderer. They get Gordon to a safe place off the map, get him mended and then get him to the one place Gordon says he’ll be safe: Wayne Manor. While in a car parked in the woods outside the manor, Montoya surprisingly apologizes to Gordon, admitting that her feelings for Barbara might have clouded her judgment. They shake hands, and an unlikely alliance begins.
Meanwhile, someone forgets to give Allen the secret word when entering the woods as Alfred slams him into the window of the car (showing some serious moves that he’ll no doubt be teaching Bruce soon). Alfred, in the most polite, British way possible, apologizes to Allen for handing him his rear and invites everyone inside. While in the manor, Gordon tells Bruce that he might not be able to keep his promise of finding the killer of Bruce’s parents — because Gordon has to go on the run. But he tells Bruce that Montoya and Allen can be trusted.
For the first time, it looks as though Gordon is building a network of cops he can trust. Also, Gordon and Montoya being on the same side gives fans of the comics a case of the warm and fuzzies. But there’s still that thing of Montoya’s being in love with Gordon’s fiancee.
4. Fish and chippy-ness
Fish and Maroni are having a heart-to-heart at Maroni’s restaurant, as Penguin keeps a safe distance in the kitchen. Fish wants the Penguin back with her. Maroni likes his new pet, who he seems to think is a good-luck charm. Maroni makes the Penguin apologize to Fish and says that should be enough. Fish is not satisfied. “Bloodshed then,” she says.
Fish gets a swipe in at Oswald and gives a cold warning to Maroni: “Jolly, fat men are so tiresome.”
5. Rising through the ranks
With a mob war coming, Penguin persuades Maroni to make a hit on Fish’s lover (who is secretly working with Fish to take down Falcone). Penguin knows exactly where they’ll be. The hit works. Fish’s latest boy-toy is dead. But Maroni’s No. 2, Frankie Carbone (Danny Mastrogiorgio), is fed up with Oswald. He sees Oswald as manipulating Maroni, and he decides that Oswald should receive a “stray” bullet. Oswald is impressed, but prepared, letting Maroni’s No. 2 guy know he knows everyone’s weakness. In the case of Carbone, the weakness is being cheap.
Carbone’s thugs grab Penguin. But Penguin lets him know that by simply paying Carbone’s goons a little more cash, he now has the upper hand. Instead of the Penguin “accidentally” dying, Carbone gets a knife to the gut, courtesy of Oswald, and just like that, the Penguin moves another level up in Maroni’s gang.
6. Things become clear at Falcone’s place
Gordon is loading up some serious guns and ammo at his place. He gets a visit from Harvey. Instead of punching him in the face, Harvey says there’s only two ways he can go about things — and it might as well be the right way. Is this a permanent conversion for Bullock? He’s been, good, bad and everything in between so far this season. Will we get the Bullock we are most familiar with from the comics from here on out? Not that everything has to follow the comics note for note, but Bullock needs to make up his mind. Looks as though Gordon can add Bullock to his list of good cops, eh?
Bullock wants to know what the plan is. Gordon says that he’s got enough to arrest the mayor and Falcone for covering up the Wayne murders, and that he’s going to arrest them on his own. Bullock comes along for the ride. They get the mayor pretty easily, but come up against resistance when they come to Falcone’s living room with loaded guns. Falcone, being the top-notch mob boss that he is, is prepared.
Remember Mr. Zsasz? Turns out that he’s got Barbara, who foolishly returned to Gotham and plead with Falcone to spare Gordon. Gordon doesn’t believe any of this, but Falcone dares him to try him. Gordon can’t take the chance. He lowers his guns. Harvey is ticked and pretty sure he’s a dead man. Barbara is released. Turns out, Falcone wasn’t bluffing. He tells Gordon that he still has faith in him that he’ll get with the program — the program being: Do whatever Falcone says. Gordon, Bullock and Barbara leave unharmed. But why? Why would Falcone spare Gordon for the second time this season? Well…
7. The real Penguin revealed
Penguin shows up at Falcone’s place after Gordon’s attempted arrest. For a moment, you think Penguin is going to take out Falcone — for Maroni — but he’s not. They hug each other. Penguin (as proved through a flashback) has been Falcone’s mole from the very beginning. Maroni’s secret weapon? Nope. Penguin is Falcone’s mole. Falcone has been playing everyone from the start.
When it looked as though Fish or Maroni might have the upper hand in the battle to be Gotham’s top crime boss, the truth is that Falcone has been playing them against each other in his own game. Penguin told Falcone to let Gordon execute the hit on him. Penguin knew Gordon would spare him. Falcone agreed that if Gordon spared him, and Penguin could make it back to Gotham, he’d let him be a mole for Falcone’s mob. Poor Maroni. He’s so happy with his new Penguin toy, but Maroni’s No. 2 was right: The Penguin can’t be trusted (No. 2 is dead now though, so a lot of good that does).
But can Falcone truly trust the Penguin, either? Somehow, one way or the other, you get the feeling that an Oswald ascension to run Gotham isn’t a matter of if, but when.

The 10  scariest  jobs in AmericaThe 10 'Scariest' Jobs In America
By Jacquelyn Smith | Business Insider –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014 12:00 AM IST
Print
Brett LoGiurato/Business Insider New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and First Lady Chirlane McCray dressed up for Halloween.
'Tis the season for all things scary. But if you're a kindergarten teacher, comedian, or politician, it doesn't necessarily end at Halloween.
According to a new CareerBuilder survey,  these workers have something to fear all year round.
The survey , conducted by Harris Poll on behalf of CareerBuilder, asked 3,103 US workers across all industries to identify the jobs they found to be most frightening.
Based on their selections, CareerBuilder pulled employment data for each occupation from Economic Modeling Specialists Intl. (EMSI) to show how many "brave souls" have taken on these roles and what they're being paid.
Workers provided the following answers, some of which are more surprising than others:
Politician
There are 56,857 politicians/legislators in the US.
Median hourly pay: $9.89
Average salary for US Senators and members of the House of Representatives in 2014: $174,0001
Scary for those who fear: Responsibility; accountability to a large number of people; rejection.
Microbiologist for Infectious Diseases 
There are 20,800 microbiologists in the US.
Median hourly pay: $32.61
Scary for those who fear: Germs; Ebola; accidentally leaving the hazmat suit at home.
Security Guard at Teen Pop Idol Concert
There are 1,163,023 security guards in the US.
Median hourly pay: $11.62
Scary for those who fear: Getting trampled by screaming tweens.
Kindergarten Teacher
There are 158,084 kindergarten teachers (non-special education) in the US.
Median hourly pay: $24.12
Scary for those who fear: Germs; temper tantrums; shaping the minds of America's youth.
Crime Scene Investigator
There are 128,432 detectives and criminal investigators and forensic science technicians in the US.
Median hourly pay: $35.75
Scary for those who fear: Blood; the disappointment on people's faces when you tell them the job is nothing like it is on TV.
Animal Trainer
There are 32,360 animal trainer jobs in the US.
Median hourly pay: $12.03
Scary for those who fear: Animal attacks; allergy flare-ups.
Mortician 
There are 27,505 mortician, undertaker and funeral director jobs in the US.
Median hourly pay: $22.83
Scary for those who fear: Dead bodies; silence; zombie attacks.
Radio, Cellular and Tower Equipment Installers and Repairers
There are 16,213 radio, cellular and tower equipment installer and repairer jobs in the US.
Median hourly pay: $21.59
Scary for those who fear: Heights.
Stand-Up Comedian
There are 37,272 jobs in the entertainers and performers, sports and related workers industry, which include comedians, in the US.
Median hourly pay: $16.89
Scary for those who fear: Public speaking; awkward silence.
Parent
There are too many parent jobs in the US to count.
Median hourly pay: Not nearly enough.
Scary for those who fear: Almost all of the above fears.
1 Salary data for US Senators and members of the House of Representatives comes from the House Press Gallery. All other salary data comes from Economic Modeling Specialists Intl. (EMSI).
More From Business Insider

Japan banks: playing patience© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/7f975928-63f0-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Auto recalls hit record highs in U.S.Auto recalls hit record highs in U.S.
Caption Ford Escapes
John Sommers II
Newly assembled 2013 Ford Escapes sit on plant lots ready to be shipped out to dealers at the newly transformed Louisville Assembly Plant. Ford Motor Co is recalling more than 750,000 vehicles, most of them Escape sport utility vehicles, in North America to address possible software and...
Newly assembled 2013 Ford Escapes sit on plant lots ready to be shipped out to dealers at the newly transformed Louisville Assembly Plant. Ford Motor Co is recalling more than 750,000 vehicles, most of them Escape sport utility vehicles, in North America to address possible software and... (John Sommers II)
Caption 2009 Chrysler Town & Country
Chrysler
Added to a previous recall were model year 2008-2009 Dodge Grand Caravan and Chrysler Town & Country minivans, and 2009 Dodge Journey crossover vehicles. The previous recall affected the same three models from the 2010 model year. Read the article >>>
Added to a previous recall were model year 2008-2009 Dodge Grand Caravan and Chrysler Town & Country minivans, and 2009 Dodge Journey crossover vehicles. The previous recall affected the same three models from the 2010 model year. Read the article >>> (Chrysler)
Caption 2011 Mazda6
Mazda
This 2011 Mazda6 sedan is one of 42,000 from the 2010-12 model years that Mazda is recalling due to the threat of spiders in the fuel tank.
This 2011 Mazda6 sedan is one of 42,000 from the 2010-12 model years that Mazda is recalling due to the threat of spiders in the fuel tank. (Mazda)
Caption Toyota recalls Prius hybrids
Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency
Toyota Motor Corp. has recalled about 700,000 Prius hybrids this year, among the 11 million vehicles covered by recalls so far this year.
Toyota Motor Corp. has recalled about 700,000 Prius hybrids this year, among the 11 million vehicles covered by recalls so far this year. (Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency)
Just two defective parts are responsible for 17% of the 31.4 million vehicles recalled so far this year
The increasing pressure on safety, externally and internally, will pay off for consumers
With a massive recall involving air bags Monday , the auto industry has broken the U.S. annual record for safety recalls in less than half a year.
The problematic part, made by Takata Corp., is used in millions of vehicles made by half a dozen automakers, underscoring how the growing use of common parts is amplifying some safety problems. To cut costs, automakers are designing different models to share platforms and many parts — meaning a single defect can affect millions more vehicles than in the past.
Even though people are hearing a lot about recalls, vehicles have never been safer. - Russ Rader, spokesman for the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety
Just two defective parts — the Takata air bag inflator, and the faulty ignition switch behind GM's ongoing safety scandal — are responsible for 17% of the 31.4 million vehicles recalled so far this year. That breaks the previous record of 30.8 million vehicles recalled in all of 2004.
Automakers reap huge cost savings from parts sharing, but the risk is that "you are putting all your eggs in one basket when things go wrong," said Greg Schroeder, a senior research engineer at the Center for Automotive Research in Ann Arbor, Mich.
The other key factor in the rush of recalls is fear of reprisals. With GM facing billions in fines and repairs for delayed action on safety issues — and Toyota having already paid billions — the industry has developed a hair-trigger recall sensibility. GM has appointed an internal safety czar with a staff of 35 investigators and now issues large recalls more frequently.
8
The National Highway Transportation Safety Administration has come under fire as well, for lax oversight, and so has an incentive to crack down on automakers.
The wave of recalls and investigations has created an impression of corporate incompetence and disregard for safety. But the increasing pressure on safety, externally and internally, will pay off for consumers, as will the shift toward global parts sharing, industry experts said.
"Even though people are hearing a lot about recalls, vehicles have never been safer," said Russ Rader, spokesman for the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. "People are walking away from crashes today that would have killed them 10 or 15 years ago, and technology like electronic stability control is preventing a lot of serious crashes from happening altogether."
Let's put more junk on the roads from Government Motors. Another waste of tax payers money bailing these incompetents out.
tim1970
7
Automakers are paying better attention to design, conducting more testing and taking advantage of larger scale manufacturing to pack more features into vehicles, said Xavier Mosquet, a senior partner and automotive expert at Boston Consulting Group.
Automakers are spending billions of dollars on the recalls. GM has set aside $2 billion in recall expenses so far this year, and the total is expected to rise. Toyota had to pay a $1.2-billion fine this year for misleading consumers and regulators about its sudden acceleration recalls.
But the burden is likely to fall on the companies and shareholders rather than consumers. Raising car prices isn't an option for GM, which has recalled nearly 18 million vehicles this year. Its Chevrolet Malibu still has to match up against Nissan's Altima and Hyundai's Sonata and other family sedans sold by companies with far fewer recalls this year.
The air bag inflators, made by Takata Corp., are used in millions of vehicles made by Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Ford, Chrysler, Mazda and BMW. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said a canister in the system can explode, spraying metal shards throughout the cabin.
Honda said it will replace inflators on 2 million vehicles, mostly in Florida, Puerto Rico and other regions with high humidity. NHTSA is investigating a link between humid weather and the propellant in the canisters malfunctioning. Nissan is calling back about 228,000 vehicles in the U.S. Toyota recalled 766,000.
While the trend toward global parts sharing may cause bigger recalls now, it remains a prudent cost-saving strategy for the industry.
"You are not starting from scratch and designing a new part for each vehicle," Schroeder said. "Every automaker is moving in this direction."
Ford, for instance, is slashing the number of global platforms it will use to nine from its current 15, a move it says will increase assembly efficiency and flexibility.
Those nine platforms will be the foundation to build vehicles with many of the same transmissions, engines, infotainment systems and other parts. The cars will look and feel different, with different sheet metal and interiors — some will be SUVs such as the Escape, others sedans such as the Focus — but much of the guts will be the same.
Honda just opened a factory in Celaya, Mexico, where it builds the Fit. Later this year, Honda will add the HR-V, a small crossover that will share the same platform and many parts.
Volkswagen just launched its MQB platform with the introduction of the latest generation of its Golf and Audi A3 sedans. The platform will serve as the underpinning of VW's next generation Jetta, Passat and Tiguan vehicles. It is designed to allow VW to mix and match various engine and transmission choices among the cars. It is doing the same with a modular infotainment system.
Mosquet says the seed for this year's wave of recalls was planted more than a decade ago, as the industry started to adopt its global approach to car making.
But now the industry has learned how to better manage a global supply chain, and the problems should subside. Moreover, as new cars become increasingly connected to the Internet and wireless networks, automakers will be able to collect defect and safety data more quickly, providing for early detection of problems, Mosquet said.
"The increased focus on recalls reflects the expectation for both the consumer and the industry of a zero-fault car. There is no mistake that should be left for later," he said. "That hasn't always been the case."
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

SoftBank: look on my works  ye mighty© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b939991c-6403-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Readers have say on Lucas Museum proposalZbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
Architect Ma Yansong at the future site of the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art.
Architect Ma Yansong at the future site of the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Museum site
Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune
"Star Wars" creator George Lucas selected Chicago for his future museum after being offered a prime lakefront parcel that now is home to two parking lots south of Soldier Field.
"Star Wars" creator George Lucas selected Chicago for his future museum after being offered a prime lakefront parcel that now is home to two parking lots south of Soldier Field. (Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune)
Museums Lucas Museum of Narrative Art George Lucas
Readers compare Lucas Museum proposal to spaceship, nuclear reactor
On social media, readers responded quickly — and, often, negatively — to the design for the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art unveiled Monday by Chinese architect Ma Yansong.

China October HSBC Services PMI Falls to 52.9  Three-Month LowECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Beijing: Growth in China's services sector weakened further in October as new business cooled, a private survey showed on Wednesday, reinforcing signs of a gradual economic slowdown that could prod the government to unveil fresh stimulus measures.
The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 52.9 in October - the weakest reading since July - from 53.5 in September.
A reading above 50 in PMI surveys indicates an expansion in activity while one below that threshold points to a contraction.
A sub-index measuring new business fell to 53.1 in October from 53.2 in October, but sub-index measuring employment and outstanding business both inched up, painting a mixed picture.
"Overall, the service sector grew steadily in October as the underlying business conditions continue to look better than in the manufacturing part of the economy," said Qu Hongbin, chief China Economist at HSBC.
"While this pattern will likely continue, we still expect further (policy) easing measures in the coming months to help offset the downward pressure on the economy."
An official survey released earlier this week showed that the services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as the cooling property sector weighed on demand.
The services sector made up 46.1 per cent of gross domestic product in 2013, surpassing the secondary sector - manufacturing and construction - for the first time, as the government aims to create more jobs and boost domestic consumption.
On Saturday, an official factory survey showed growth falling to a five-month low as firms fought slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
Taken together, the surveys appear to indicate that China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened, putting Beijing's official 7.5 per cent growth target for the year at even greater risk.
Annual economic growth slowed to 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, the weakest pace since the global financial crisis, even as the government rolled out more stimulus measures.
A Reuters poll published last month forecast the economy could grow at an annual 7.3 per cent in the fourth quarter, leaving the full-year pace at 7.4 per cent - the weakest in 24 years.
Most analysts believe authorities will announce further modest support measures in coming months to support growth, but they are divided over whether policymakers will act more aggressively, such as by cutting interest rates, unless there is a risk of a sharper slowdown.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Republicans win tight governor racesRepublicans win tight governor races
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5301e544-648c-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Markets focus on Saudi pricing is undueMarket’s focus on Saudi pricing is undue
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
Other factors are also at work, like market positioning
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d5e87c0-64b3-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt reconstitutes PM s Council on Climate ChangeNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 02:27 IST
PM’s climate change council recast
Meena Menon
AP Environmetal scientist R.K. Pachauri.
TOPICS
government
R.K. Pachauri retained; Sunita Narain, Ratan Tata dropped
The Union government reconstituted the Prime Minister’s Council on Climate Change on Wednesday to coordinate the National Action Plan for Assessment, Adaptation and Mitigation of Climate Change.
The 18-member council retains R.K. Pachauri, Chairperson of the Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change; Chandrashekhar Dasgupta, Distinguished Fellow, TERI; and Nitin Desai, economist. Raj Chengappa and R. Ramachandran, journalists; Sunita Narain, director-general of the Centre for Science and Environment; Ratan Tata, industrialist; and the former Environment Secretary Prodipto Ghosh have been dropped. It has re-nominated Ajay Mathur, head of the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, and included the Union Ministers for Coal and Power and Urban Development. The United Progressive Alliance (UPA) constituted the council first in 2007, but it had not met for over three years. Official sources said the attempt was to revive and streamline the council and set the agenda to deal with climate change.
The council has Ministers for External Affairs, Finance, Environment, Forests and Climate Change, Agriculture, Science and Technology, and Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation and the Cabinet Secretary, the Foreign Secretary, the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, who is the convener, and J.M. Mauskar, formerly with the Environment Ministry.
The new council will coordinate the action plan and advise the government on proactive measures that can be taken by India to deal with the challenge of climate change, an official statement said. It will facilitate inter-ministerial coordination and guide policy in relevant areas. The council will evolve a coordinated response to issues relating to climate change at the national level, provide oversight for formulation of action plans in the area of assessment, adaptation and mitigation of climate change and periodically monitor key policy decisions.
The Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change will assist the Prime Minister’s Office in facilitating the work of the council.
In the previous council, the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh included Montek Singh Ahluwalia, Deputy Chairperson of the Planning Commission; R. Chidambaram, the then Principal Scientific Adviser to the Prime Minister; V. Krishnamurthy, Chairperson, National Manufacturing Competitiveness Council; and C. Rangarajan, Chairman, Economic Advisory Council.
The composition of the reconstituted Prime Minister's Council on Climate Change is as follows:
Prime Minister

How murderers use Facebook ( ... its not how you think).By Caitlin Dewey November 5 Follow @caitlindewey
A screenshot from the Facebook page of “Charles Manson.” Not, we presume, the actual artifact. (Facebook)
In November 2013, a Colorado man named Merrick McKoy took a selfie with his 19-month-old daughter and posted it to Facebook — before killing the baby and shooting himself.
“Ima miss stall lol [sic],” he wrote on Facebook. “Don’t judge me had no choice.”
The crime was tragic and horrifying, with or without the Facebook posts. But McKoy’s cheerful, kissy-faced selfie made it all the more disturbing — not only to McKoy’s friends and acquaintances, but also to criminologists, social scientists, legal commentators and other people who watch the fraught intersection of social relationships and crime. To these people, McKoy’s behavior wasn’t just a one-off case. It formed part of what looked, increasingly, like some kind of bigger social trend, a trend that included unsettling crimes from Australia to upstate New York.
The media dubbed it “Facebook murder” — and an Internet bogeyman was born.
“Blaming [Facebook] for these crimes,” scoffed criminologist Elizabeth Yardley, “is like blaming knives for stabbings.”
Yardley would know. The director of Birmingham City University’s Center for Applied Criminology, Yardley and her colleague David Wilson just published the first-ever study of the “Facebook murder” phenomenon in the Howard Journal of Criminal Justice. The study analyzed 48 recent homicide and manslaughter cases in which Facebook played a starring role. And it concluded, perhaps surprisingly, that Facebook is indeed a tool in the modern murderer’s bag of tricks — but that social media in no way causes or enables criminal activity. In fact, Yardley and Wilson caution strongly against even using “Facebook murder” as a term.
An image taken from the Facebook page of so-called “Facebook killer” Derek Medina. (AP)
That’s because they found that, demographically speaking, murders that involve Facebook don’t differ greatly from murders that don’t. In both cases, the perpetrators are mostly male; the crimes frequently take place in homes; and the killer usually knows his victim — often romantically.
Here’s the twist, though: Even if “Facebook murder” doesn’t constitute a new genre of homicide, the perpetrators themselves tend to fit one of six specific profiles, based on how they use the network to carry out their crimes. While some, like McKoy, announce their intentions on Facebook, others have used it to declare their guilt: Consider the so-called “Facebook killer” Derek Medina , who posted a picture of his wife’s body to the social network after a fight. Even more killers (or alleged killers) use the site to keep up on the life of a friend, partner or ex, a typology that Yardley and Wilson dub “the reactor.”
The six ways perpetrators of homicide use social media. (Yardley & Wilson)
Of these types, the “reactor,” “informer” and “antagonist” account for the vast majority of cases. Things that look more distinctly of-the-Internet — “predators” or “imposters,” say — make up only a fraction of the murders Yardley and Wilson studied.
In some ways, that’s the most striking takeaway from this new research. When it comes to safety on social media, we’re frequently taught to fear ill-intentioned voyeurs or catfish or other predators lurking in the Internet depths; a recent episode of the TV show “Castle” spent an entire 45 minutes on the anonymous-social-media-friend-as-serial-killer plot. But it would seem that, in reality, these distinctly Internet-y villains are overblown. Of the 48 killers Yardley and Wilson studied, only 12.5 percent were “predators” — people who adopted a fake name and attempted to lure strangers in.
Instead, the majority of “Facebook murders,” just like real-life murders, are committed by someone the victim already  knows. For better or worse, the Internet  has little to do with it.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

US voters back minimum wage riseUS voters back minimum wage rise
Barney Jopson and Aaron Stanley in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/429ff464-64b6-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ING repays Dutch aid six months earlyING repays Dutch state aid six months early
Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/acdcf438-64d6-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India on a  high  with 7 drug addiction related suicides every dayIndia on a 'high' with 7 drug addiction related suicides every day
HT Data Team , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 18:05 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 19:29 IST(5/11/2014)
Letters and pleas of the common man has made Prime Minister Narendra Modi sit up and address the rising menace of drug addiction in the country.
 
Modi on Tuesday touched upon the issue on a radio programme "Mann ki Baat" and invited views from people and NGOs on how to deal with the problem of drug abuse.
 
Modi also mentioned on the programme that many people wrote to him regarding the problem in a series of tweets on his official Twitter account.
 
He had said youth are the asset of the country and the nation cannot afford to see them falling to drug abuse.
 
"The issues I touch are the ones on which government comes under attack. But how long will we hide things? For good intent, the truth has to be spoken and I will keep doing it," he said.
 
He had said the government has a responsibility to address social problems like drug addiction and it will create an environment in this regard.
 
So, how tough is his challenge?
 
Statistics reveal that at least 25,426 people committed suicide due to drug and addiction related problems in the last 10 years across India. This comes down to an average 2,542 suicides every year, 211 per month and 7 per day.
 
Appalling truth is that suicides due to drug related problems exceed dowry, poverty and money related suicides in India in most of the last 10 years.
As per the graph, the number of suicides has been steadily increasing since 2004.  From 2004 to 2013, we observe a jump of a whopping 149%.
 
According to official data from the ministry of social justice and empowerment, India has an estimated 3.4 million drug abuse victims. This number excludes alcoholics, who figure at around 11 million in the country.
 
India is highly vulnerable because it is sandwiched between two infamous drug routes and poppy growing areas, namely the ‘Golden Crescent’ on the northwest and ‘Golden Triangle’ on the northeast, where drugs are easily available.
 
The government undertakes remedial measures like Integrated Rehabilitation Centre for Addicts (IRCA) that provides counselling, treatment and rehabilitation services to drug abuse victims. But the numbers of IRCAs are very low.
 
Even though there are 3.4 million drug abuse victims, the government has only 401 rehabilitation centres functioning at present. That is an average of overwhelming 8,478 victims per IRCA.
 
Out of these 3.4 million drug abuse victims, a mere 0.3 million have registered themselves in these de-addiction centres, which is just 10% of the total figure.
 
And of the 0.3 million registered members about 0.15 million (50%) are from Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka, Odisha and Manipur.
 
If calculated using 'per capita drug victims' then most of the northeastern states get lined-up on the top of the table as home to drug abusers.
 
Entry of drugs into the Indian market is another cause of grave concern. During the last four years (2011 to 2014), around 100 million kilogram of drugs were seized across India.
 
As we can see from the graph Punjab and the northeastern states lead the pack in drug seizures.
 
Drug abuse among the youth in Punjab was highlighted by Congress leader Rahul Gandhi during the last assembly election campaign in the state.
 
Even the information available in the public domain is old as no Indian agency has maintained drug related data effectively.
 
PM Modi's concern and his effort to bring the discussion to the public domain is a good start because drug abuse, which primarily affects the youth, takes a toll on health, leads to suicides and can hamper India's demographic dividend if not checked soon.
Data collection and story written by : Sourjya bhowmick (@sourjyabhowmick)
Visualization : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)
Data Source: NCRB, Parliamentary data
*The types of drugs seized includes the following:
Amphetamine, Cannabis Plant, Cocaine, Ephedrine, Ganja, Hashish, Heroin, Ketamne, Lysergic Acid Diethylamide (LSD),  Methylenedioxy-N- Methylamphetamine(MDMA), Methamphetamine, Methaqualone(Mandrax), Morphine, Opium, Opium Poppy Plant, Other Manufactured Drugs, Other Psychotropic Substances, Poppy Husk, Poppy Straw, Pseudoephedrine, Spasmo, Syrup, Tablets.
Share it in Flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Don't miss data stories from HT. Follow our Data Magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.

Mondelez reports lower quarterly profit  but raises year forecastMondelez shares jump on outlook, earnings
Mondelez
Mondelez makes a range of famous snacks from Oreos to Ritz crackers.
Mondelez makes a range of famous snacks from Oreos to Ritz crackers.
Mondelez posts lower profit as it raises prices
Mondelez raises 2014 profit forecast
Mondelez shares up as it raises forecast
Mondelez International's shares closed up more than 6 percent, at 37.15, as the snack maker said cutting costs and raising prices are enough to help it overcome weak sales momentum.
8
The company's upbeat outlook and strong results in certain international markets overshadowed a decline of about 11 percent in third-quarter profit and a 1.6 percent dip in revenue.
The maker of Oreo cookies and Cadbury chocolate has raised prices as it spends more on key items such as everything from cocoa and coffee.
Caption Oreo
Mondelez International is the maker of Oreo cookies and Ritz crackers.
Mondelez International is the maker of Oreo cookies and Ritz crackers. (Chuck Berman / Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
Caption Ritz crackers
Ritz crackers were introduced by Nabisco in 1934. The name was believed to spur hope about more prosperous times ahead through a nod to the Ritz Carlton hotel, which opened 23 years earlier in New York City.
Ritz crackers were introduced by Nabisco in 1934. The name was believed to spur hope about more prosperous times ahead through a nod to the Ritz Carlton hotel, which opened 23 years earlier in New York City.
See more galleries
Caption Chips Ahoy
The name is based on the nautical reference 'Ships Ahoy' but the phrase is also mentioned in 'The Uncommercial Traveller' by Charles Dickens.
The name is based on the nautical reference 'Ships Ahoy' but the phrase is also mentioned in 'The Uncommercial Traveller' by Charles Dickens.
See more galleries
Caption Premium Saltines
The expression 'Polly wants a cracker' was first used widely in Premium Saltines advertisements during the Great Depression.
The expression 'Polly wants a cracker' was first used widely in Premium Saltines advertisements during the Great Depression.
Caption Cadbury
Simon Dawson / Bloomberg
Cadbury Creme Eggs are made in two parts: one side with the white fondant and the other with a smaller amount of yellow "yolk," and then are bonded together and quickly cooled.
Cadbury Creme Eggs are made in two parts: one side with the white fondant and the other with a smaller amount of yellow "yolk," and then are bonded together and quickly cooled. (Simon Dawson / Bloomberg)
See more galleries
The famous brands of Mondelez
Here's a look at some of the iconic brands of Mondelez, the Deerfield company created through a spin-off of Kraft Foods snack brands. The name comes from the French words for "world" and "delicious."
The famous brands of Mondelez
Here's a look at some of the iconic brands of Mondelez, the Deerfield company created through a spin-off of Kraft Foods snack brands. The name comes from the French words for "world" and "delicious."
Chairman and CEO Irene Rosenfeld called the operating environment "challenging" and said Mondelez is focused on cutting costs and improving its productivity in order to boost profit. The company expects demand from retailers and consumers to remain "soft" in the near term, she said.
The company is not counting on its categories recovering in order to meet the expectations it lays out for Wall Street, Rosenfeld said.

The phony end of liberal Zionism meme  Part 3By David Bernstein November 5
In two previous posts , I noted that some Jews with far left political views have been publicly denouncing and disassociating themselves from Israel.  There are two possible explanations for that trend.  One, favored by the denouncers, is that Israeli politics has moved so far to the right such that the dream of “liberal Zionism” is dead forever.  While it was fine to be pro-Israel through the 1990s, when the dream still lived, now they can only regretfully watch from afar as Israel sinks into militarism, chauvanism, and general illiberalism.
The second possible explanation is that Israel has not actually become more illiberal (indeed quite the opposite), but left-wing politics has become so hostile to Israel that it’s virtually impossible to be a left-winger in good standing and be pro-Israel. Indeed, while the far left has long been hostile to Israel, it’s only recently that it’s become a major litmus test.  Left-wing Jewish intellectuals (and here we’re talking about, say, The Nation and further left in American terms), if they want to maintain their standing in their political circles, are now expected to ritually denounce Israel, to show that any possible ethno-religious ties to the country area subsumed by their greater commitment to solidarity with the politically correct positions taken by fellow leftists. And so they do.
I’ve argued that the empirical evidence favors the latter explanation; as discussed in my first two posts, far fewer Israeli MKs oppose territorial compromise with the Palestinians now than in the late 1980s, and Israeli Jews have become more tolerant of Arab citizens of Israel over the last several decades.
For this, my third post in the series, I refer you to this article   pointing out that just before his assassination Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, representing the center-left Labor Party and hailed as a great peacemaker, took public positions on negotiations with the Palestinians that overally are to the right of the positions taken by the current Netanyahu government.  In particular, Rabin did not endorse the establishment of a Palestinian state.  Thus, the center-left government of the mid-1990s was more “right-wing” than the current purportedly illiberal, ultra-right-wing government–and that was before the two wars in Gaza after withdrawal from Gaza, the war in Lebanon after withdrawing from Lebanon, and the Second Intifada. Once again, the empirical suggests that if liberal Zionism was acceptable a couple of decades ago, it should be even more popular now.  It’s not liberal Zionism that’s failed, but it’s left-wing Jewish detractors.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Hyperion and RK Harrison in merger talksNovember 5, 2014 2:58 pm
Hyperion and RK Harrison in merger talks
John Aglionby and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bbefe6f6-64db-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

J&K: Two days after killing  Army shifts itsforcesPrint
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 5, 2014 9:25 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 9:28 pm
Two days after Army personnel on patrol duty opened fire on a car, killing two teenagers in Chattergam village of Budgam district, the Army on Wednesday decided to shift the entire company of 53 Rashtriya Rifles (RR), comprising 125 soldiers, from the area.
The killings had triggered protests across Srinagar and nearby places, with locals demanding removal of the Army camp from the area as they had been involved in a similar killing two years ago.
A defence spokesperson told The Indian Express, “The company has been shifted from the area. We have also attached 16 soldiers who were part of the Army patrol and naka party to the location of the inquiry.”
The spokesperson said that the Deputy Commander of a neighbouring RR sector is conducting the inquiry and that he has been asked to complete the investigation at the earliest. Police have also filed a case against the unit.
Top Army officers, who did not want to be named, said the inquiry will focus on why standard operating procedures were not followed when the car in which the teenagers were travelling did not stop at the first signal. The inquiry officer will focus on why the Army personnel did not fire at the car tyres first instead of targeting the occupants.
This is the second such incident at Chattergam involving Army personnel from the same unit. In October 2012, Army men opened fire on a private Sumo, killing two soldiers of Territorial Army.
Seven soldiers were travelling in the vehicle.
During investigations it was found that a patrolling party of the 53 RR asked the Sumo to stop but when it evaded the signal, the soldiers opened fire, resulting in injuries to the driver and two Army men. Later, the two soldiers, identified as Ghulam Ahmad Sheikh and Abdul Rouf, died in hospital. After the incident, the Army had ordered an inquiry, but the findings were never made public.
DIG Kashmir Afadul Muhtaba told The Indian Express that although the Army had ordered a court of inquiry into the 2012 case, “I have no information about the current status of that case.”

Hyderabad police seizes computer hard disks of Maharashtra SIMIoperativePrint
According to police, the duo were allegedly planning to go to Afghanistan to get training from al-Qaeda for carrying out terror activities in India. (Source: PTI/file)
By: Press Trust of India | Yavatmal | Posted: November 5, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 9:08 pm
A Hyderabad police team has seized hard disks of two computers believed to have been used  by Shah Mudassir alias Talha, a member of proscribed SIMI arrested along with an aide of the IM operative in Secunderabad last month, for allegedly planning to visit Afghanistan to get training from al-Qaeda.
Mudassir, who used to run a shop at Umerkhed in Yavatmal district, had been apprehended along with his close friend Shoeb Ahmed Khan alias Tariq Bhai, an associate of Mansoor Ali Peerboy (Media in-charge of Indian Mujahideen, Pune Module), on October 22. Tariq was held from Hingoli district, also in Maharashtra.
According to police, the duo were allegedly planning to go to Afghanistan to get training from al-Qaeda for  carrying out terror activities in India.
The Hyderabad police team, headed by Additional SP D. Harish Kumar, reached Umarkhed on Tuesday and conducted thorough searches at Mudassir’s shop and house apparently to look for any evidence on his association, if any, with any Afghanistan-based terrorist outfit.
Mudassir used to run a computer cum mobile shop near  the state transport (ST) bus station in Umarkhed and also handled a computer in his uncle’s house.
“Hard disks of both the computers were seized during the search conducted yesterday,” an official attached to Umarkhed police station said today requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to media.
When contacted, Yavatmal SP, Sanjay Darade on Wednesday confirmed the search by the Hyderabad police team, but did not elaborate.
“The team is investigating the matter and hence I  don’t want to speak on the details of their investigation,” Darade told PTI.
He said the local police did not know anything about any link between Mudassir and any terrorist group either based in the country or abroad.
A case had been registered against the duo with Gopalapuram police station under Hyderabad police commissionarate according to relevant sections of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act. y link between Mudassir and any terrorist group

Bandhan to start banking ops by Sept next yearBandhan Financial Services
(Micro finance institution Bandhan Financial…)
NEW DELHI; Leading micro finance institution Bandhan Financial Services , which has obtained banking licence from the Reserve Bank, today said it expects to start banking operations by September 2015.
"Banking operation should start in the next financial year, anytime between April and September," Bandhan's chairman and managing director of Chandra Sekhar Ghosh said here.
Asked about strategic investors, he said, "IFC has also shown interest that it would like to increase its stake. I understand other investors are also talking to us. We have not yet taken any call."
Decision about selling stake to IFC or any other private equity player would be taken in next 1-2 months, he said. He said the company has about Rs 500 crore and it does not require any further at the moment.
"Bandhan plans to start off initially with 600-700 branches across the country. Some of them may be either existing ones or new," he said.
Around 80 per cent of the branches will be in the rural areas and the rest in the urban regions.
Bandhan, the largest MFI with a market share of 25 per cent, had recently lowered the interest rate by 50 basis points to 22.5 per cent.
IFC and SIDBI are existing investors in Bandhan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A good election night for marijuana legalizationThe 2014 election was a successful one for marijuana legalization. Referendum initiatives legalizing recreational marijuana passed in Alaska , Oregon, and the District of Columbia . Florida’s legalization amendment (which was limited to medical marijuana) failed, but only because victory required a 60% supermajority (it got just over 57% percent). A medical marijuana initiative did pass in the Pacific island territory of Guam .
Coming on the heels of the legalization of marijuana in Colorado and Washington in 2012, this is a further sign of pro-legalization momentum, and perhaps of dissatisfaction with the War on Drugs more generally – even among some conservatives .
For the moment, marijuana is still illegal under federal law. Legally speaking, state referenda cannot change that. The Obama administration’s response to legalization in Colorado and Washington was not as aggressive as it could have been, but falls far short of abjuring federal marijuana prosecutions in those states . But as more states legalize, there will be further pressure on the federal government to cut back on its own War on Drugs, and possibly repeal the federal law criminalizing the sale and distribution of marijuana.
UPDATE: While it is not a legalization initiative as such, it important to note that California voters adopted Proposition 47, an referendum question that lowers the penalty for most types of drug possession to a misdemeanor. As Lauren Galik of the Reason Foundation emphasizes, it is significant that this measure passed by a large majority, with little organized opposition, and considerable support from conservatives, including former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
Obviously, the federal government can still prosecute such cases under federal drug laws, which provide for much higher penalties. But doing so would require a substantial commitment of federal resources that Washington may be unwilling to commit, especially given the looming federal budget crisis. At the very least, the lopsided success of Proposition 47 is a further indication that public and elite opinion is gradually turning against the War on Drugs.
UPDATE #2: It is perhaps only a minor milestone. But Guam’s legalization of medical marijuana is the first such reform adopted by a US territory.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Esure feels impact of claims warningEsure feels impact of higher claims and premiums pressure warning
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a4fe5b2-64e2-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goa CM Parrikar meets Amit Shah amid Cabinet rejig buzzGoa CM Manohar Parrikar tipped for defence portfolio in cabinet rejig
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 21:03 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:52 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers who hold more than one portfolio and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was only a temporary arrangement.  The 58-year-old Parrikar flew to Delhi early on Wednesday after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and, later in the day, Modi.
 
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
Naqvi, minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said.  His entry will provide the cabinet another prominent Muslim face after minority affairs minister Najma Heptulla.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers and is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
 
BJP youth wing chief Anu-rag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also said to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers.  MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources.
 
Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio. Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highways, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios.
 
Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large-scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.
(with agency inputs)

Dhanbad men detained for wearing ISIS shirtsDhanbad men detained for wearing ISIS shirts during Muharram procession
Sharad Chandra , Hindustan Times   Dhanbad/Ranchi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 20:44 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:07 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Dhanbad Police detained two cousins for questioning on Wednesday after they were seen wearing T-shirts printed with the words 'ISIS Pakistan' and allegedly promoting the violent militant group during a Muharram procession.
Shakir Rashid, 20, and Mohammad Javed Rashid, 22, were seen in the procession on Tuesday, but trouble began for them a day later when a local daily published Sadiq's photograph in the ISIS T-shirt.
 
Taking cognisance of the picture, police picked up the two from Indra Nagar colony.
 
Dhanbad police superintendent Hemant Toppo said, "Prima facie, we have not found any terror links (to) the three youths. The boys have revealed that they were portraying as terrorists during the street play organised on account of Muharram."
Shakir Rashid, 20, and Mohammad Javed Rashid, 22, were seen in the procession on Tuesday. (HT photo)
But other police sources said the brothers had admitted to being inspired by the terror group and that they wanted to join the organisation but couldn't do so because they didn’t know who to contact.
 
Working on a tip-off from them, the police also picked up one Sanjay Saw, 24, the owner of a printing firm for embossing “ISIS Pakistan” on the duo's T-Shirts. 
 
Vishnu Rajak, officer in-charge of the Jharia police station, said the interrogation was still on.
 
"We are verifying their antecedents and trying to find out (the) names of people who are behind these youths and supporting them into the illegal act," he said.
 
Jharkhand, has of late, been in news for being home to several sleeper cells of banned terrorist outfits, the SIMI and Indian Mujahideen. Last year’s serial blasts at Patna Gandhi Maidan during a rally by Narendra Modi was planned and executed by Jharkhand- based militant sleeper cells. All the accused in the blasts have been arrested.
 
"This is something very serious," said Jharkhand Minority Commission chairman Shahid Akhtar.
 
"Police should go deeper and expose those who are trying to instigate the vulnerable youth into such acts," he said, suggesting stringent punishments against those found guilty.
 
The youths’ family members could not be contacted.
 
"We are in constant touch with Dhanbad police. Our team will step in once they are done with their preliminary probe," additional director general of Jharkhand CID, S N Pradhan said.

Mid-morning links: Pot winsBy Radley Balko November 5 Follow @radleybalko
Marijuana legalization passed in Oregon, D.C. and Alaska last night. Medical marijuana won 57 percent of the vote in Florida, including a majority in every county , but fell short of the 60 percent required for a ballot initiative to pass. Also, medical marijuana passed in Guam. It seems safe to say that the tide has turned.
Judge finds that for 17 years, Toledo police, prosecutors and judges have engaged in “flagrant” violations of the Fourth Amendment when it comes to issuing arrest warrants. But no warrants will be overturned because it was all in “good faith.”
Good cops: Houston police disarm violent woman attempting “suicide by cop” without shooting her. California Highway Patrol officer returns $120,000 he found on the road  — much to the relief of the man who had temporarily lost his life’s savings.
How wrongful convictions impact the victims of the original crime.
The Ferguson Police Department charged Vice $1,200, plus a $2,000 deposit, to fulfill an open records request. The department then turned over seven e-mails.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

A mathematician would ask: Is a lane a closed interval or an open intervalBy Eugene Volokh November 5 Follow @volokhc
Is letting your wheel touch a lane boundary driving “entirely within a single lane”? It turns out there is deep disagreement among courts on this question. From State v. Neal (Idaho Oct. 15, 2014) ; consider, as you read this, whether the court’s interpretation of the rule of lenity is sound here:
A police officer stopped Neal’s vehicle for a traffic violation after the officer observed the vehicle drive onto, but not across, the white line marking the right-hand edge of the traffic lane. Upon speaking with Neal, the officer noticed signs of intoxication that ultimately led to his being charged with driving under the influence of alcohol, Idaho Code § 18–8004. Neal filed a motion to suppress evidence acquired during the traffic stop. He argued that the stop was unconstitutional because when the stop was initiated, the officer lacked reasonable suspicion that Neal had violated a traffic law or was driving while intoxicated….
The officer testified that Neal had driven on the fog line at one location and then later on the white line demarcating a bike lane. He conceded that Neal had not driven over either line. After seeing Neal drive on the line a second time, the officer initiated a traffic stop … [based on Neal’s violating] Idaho Code § 49–637(1), which provides:
Whenever any highway has been divided into two (2) or more clearly marked lanes for traffic … [a] vehicle shall be driven as nearly as practicable entirely within a single lane and shall not be moved from that lane until the driver has first ascertained that the movement can be made with safety.
If a criminal statute is ambiguous, the doctrine of lenity applies and the statute must be construed in favor of the accused. But, when a review of the legislative history makes the meaning of the statute clear, the rule of lenity will not be applied….
We conclude that section 49–637(1) is ambiguous. To interpret it, we consider definitions of several words used in the statute. A “laned highway” is defined as “a highway which is divided into two (2) or more clearly marked lanes for vehicular traffic.” And a “traffic lane” is defined as “that portion of the roadway for movement of a single line of vehicles.” Neither definition resolves whether driving on, but not over, a line constitutes a failure to stay “within” the lane. The phrase “clearly marked lane” is insufficient to resolve this issue. One could reason that a “marked lane” is the space within the markings. One could also conclude that a “marked lane” is a lane that includes the markings. Neither reading is obviously incorrect.
Moreover, this issue is not one that confounds only Idaho courts. The Idaho statute mirrors Section 11–309(a) of the Uniform Vehicle Code authored by the National Committee on Uniform Traffic Laws and Ordinances. Because that provision was adopted by many states, numerous courts have been called upon to determine whether driving on the line violates statutes with identical or nearly identical language. This issue has vexed both state and federal appellate courts and has generated a circuit split in federal courts.
Some courts have concluded that the statute is not violated when a person drives briefly on the line. See, e.g., United States v. Colin, 314 F.3d 439, 444–45 (9th Cir.2002) (When construing the California statute, including the “as nearly as practicable,” the Court held that driving on the line for ten seconds, but not crossing it, did not amount to a violation.); Edwards v. State, 143 Md.App. 155, 792 A.2d 1197, 1205 (Md.2002) (Distinguishing, but not abandoning, a prior holding that touching the white line did not violate the statute, the Court concluded that briefly crossing the centerline was sufficiently dangerous to amount to a violation.); State v. Lafferty, 291 Mont. 157, 967 P.2d 363, 366 (Mont.1998) (holding the statute is only violated by unsafe lane changes and not by driving on or over the line), abrogated on other grounds by State v. Flynn, 359 Mont. 376, 251 P.3d 143 (Mont.2011); State v. Tarvin, 972 S.W.2d 910, 912 (Tex.Ct.App.1998) (holding that driving on the line does not violate the statute, but may be a sufficient basis for a stop if the “weaving is erratic, unsafe, or tends to indicate intoxication or other criminal activity”).
Other courts hold that driving on the line may constitute a violation of the statute. See, e.g., United States v. Bassols, 775 F.Supp.2d 1293, 1301 (D.N.M.2011) (collecting unreported 10th Circuit cases); State v. McBroom, 179 Or.App. 120, 39 P.3d 226, 228 (Or.Ct.App.2002). However, these cases frequently hold that the driving in the particular case was not a violation due to the “as nearly as practicable” language of the statute. In United States v. Alvarado, 430 F.3d 1305, 1308 (10th Cir.2005), for example, the Court reasoned that a reasonable driver, travelling at a lawful speed, may from time to time travel outside of his lane, but declined to hold that “a single instance of drifting onto the shoulder can never be a violation.” The Court held that a fact-specific inquiry is required. See also McBroom, 39 P.3d at 229 (holding that a driver does not violate the statute when he responds to “an apparent hazard” or when he has “some other valid reason for leaving his lane”); Crooks v. State, 710 So.2d 1041, 1043 (Fla.Dist.Ct.App.1998) (where driver repeatedly drove on the shoulder, the Court held that because the driver did not travel outside of the “ ‘practicable’ lane” and because he did not drive dangerously, the statute was not violated).
None of these constructions of the words in the statutes is unreasonable or absurd. Each court, including the magistrate and district courts in this case, rendered a reasoned decision. Where the same statutory language has yielded so many divergent interpretations, we cannot escape the conclusion that the statutory language is ambiguous.
Where the language of a statute is ambiguous, we may turn to other tools of construction. When this Court must engage in statutory construction because an ambiguity exists, it has the duty to ascertain the legislative intent and give effect to that intent. To ascertain such intent, not only must the literal words of the statute be examined, but also the context of those words, the public policy behind the statute, and its legislative history. If this additional step is insufficient to clarify the meaning of the statute we must apply the rule of lenity and construe the statute in favor of the accused.
We can easily infer, from the substance of Idaho statutes describing moving violations, that the public policy undergirding Idaho traffic laws is safety. The laws were designed to reduce traffic accidents and the concomitant deaths, injuries, and property damage. Plainly, the legislative purpose in drafting Section 49–637(1) was consistent with this general purpose. Accordingly, we conclude the statute should be construed to effectuate the legislative purpose of promoting safe driving. If it were permissible for people to drive on the line dividing lanes going the same direction, on the line demarcating bicycle lanes, or on the centerline dividing a lane from oncoming traffic, the risk of accidents will increase. Accordingly, we conclude that the statute requires that vehicles be driven between lane lines “as nearly as practicable.”
In the alternative, Neal argues that we should read the phrase “as nearly as practicable” expansively, to permit minor deviations from the one’s lane. As indicated above, various courts have construed this language in different ways. Compare McBroom, 39 P.3d at 229 (holding that a driver does not violate the statute when he responds to “an apparent hazard” or when he has “some other valid reason for leaving his lane”) with Crooks v. State, 710 So.2d 1041, 1043 (Fla.Dist.Ct.App.1998) (discussing the “ ‘practicable’ lane”).
In our view, however, the term “practicable” is unambiguous. It is defined as “able to be done or put into practice successfully,” NEW OXFORD AMERICAN DICTIONARY 1338 (2001), and as “feasible in the circumstances,” BLACK’S LAW DICTIONARY 1172 (6th ed.1990). These definitions are not consistent with Neal’s contention that “as nearly as practicable” creates a safe harbor permitting a person to occasionally leave his lane, without any apparent need, because doing so falls within the wide spectrum of normal driving behavior. We need not, at this juncture, describe all of the weather conditions, road conditions, behavior of other drivers, or other hazards that might justify a driver in leaving the lane. Here, there is simply nothing in the record to show that Neal left his lane because staying within his lane was not “practicable.” …
We conclude that driving on the line marking the edge of a traffic lane violates I.C. § 49–637(1) absent circumstances that would make it impracticable to stay between the lines. Because the “as nearly as practicable” exception has no application to Neal’s driving, the traffic stop was justified. Accordingly, Neal is not entitled to suppression of evidence.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Creating a characterComments
By Charles Barnitz November 5
Plot and character are inextricably connected in historical fiction. It’s difficult to write about them separately. In historical fiction, the gender of your character will be a primary determinant of plot possibility. Gender roles have been pretty well fixed for most of history, so while warrior women existed, they were the exception. You have to discover what were acceptable and unacceptable gender roles in the period you’re writing about, and you have to respect the attitudes that went with those roles — the expectations, possibilities, and prohibitions that the culture had for men and women.
You should think long and hard about how those attitudes would have rippled out into every other aspects of life in that historical context. Your characters will be making unconscious assumptions based on their attitudes and expectations, just like we do, and those assumptions should be apparent in their speech and actions.
If you want an 8th century protagonist who’s mobile and literate, you have to give that character plausible explanations for mobility and literacy. In the world I write about, literacy almost always has to involve the Church in some way. So if your character isn’t a nun or a priest, he or she has to be educated by the Church, or by someone who was educated by the Church. If your character is mobile you have to justify that mobility. Travel was difficult and discouraged so unless you want your protagonist viewed with suspicion everywhere she goes you need a plausible reason to have that character on the move.
You should remember this every time you create a new character: character is the sum of who we are, and who we are is a product of the context in which we exist. There are lots of smaller contexts: family, friends, employment, education; there are greater contexts: society, culture, class, religion. Everyone has a backstory, even the guy who collects your protagonist’s horse and leads it away to be fed and watered. If you want to see maybe the best example of this idea fleshed out, watch “Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead,” Tom Stoppard’s play (and film, which Stoppard directed) showing what happens to the two relatively minor characters in Hamlet when they aren’t onstage in Shakespeare’s play. (They aren’t drinking with my medieval detective, but they could be.)
Of course, you can’t follow everyone’s story because you’d never finish writing anything, but you should remember that everyone has a story of their own. The woman who scolded Alfred the Great for burning the cakes he was supposed to be watching might have been a walk-on in Alfred’s story but (from her point of view) Alfred was a walk-on in her story.
Keeping in mind that humans have been human for the last 30,000 years, you can’t go wrong if you attribute recognizable human emotions and motivations to your characters. Jean Auel did this in “Clan of the Cave Bear,” set about 30,000 years ago at the time when Cro-Magnon and Neanderthal shared the planet. Granted, there were limited things to talk about around the campfire, but Auel wrote six volumes of the Earth’s Children series propelled by the fundamental motives of love and hate, the need to belong, the urge to protect your family, jealousy, envy, and how to use a sling.
All of these characters inhabit different historical contexts and all of these characterizations respect the integrity of the fictional world and the psychological integrity of the characters’ motives and cultural pressures. That’s why they’re three dimensional, why they engage our imaginations, and why we willingly suspend our disbelief.
The etymology of the word “character” tells us a lot about how it came to mean the qualities that define a person, which meaning, according to the Online Etymology Dictionary, it didn’t acquire until the 1640s. It’s from the
Middle French word carecter which meant a “symbol marked on the body.” From there it traces, with slight modifications along the way, back through Old French, Latin, and Greek, to the Proto Indo-European verb for “to scrape.” So character is composed of the metaphorical mark(s) scraped on a person that distinguishes her from everyone else.
With that in mind, it’s easy to see how fictional characters in an historical context are informed by the scrapes and marks they acquire bumping along in the fictional reality they inhabit. These characters can be marked internally or externally, overtly or subtly, and those marks can impair or empower them, but they’re all marked, just like the rest of us.
So when I created a lawyer protagonist called Hring, I had to cover him with the scrapes he’d get brushing up against the Law. Now, as far as I can tell, there were no lawyers in Anglo-Saxon England. Legal procedure was primitive and Germanic. There was no “common law” because every one of the individual Anglo-Saxon kingdoms had an individual law code, not to mention Canon Law and local custom. There were no jails so punishment took the form of fines, enslavement, mutilation, or death (unless it went to the Ordeal and God intervened). For an understanding of just how alien Anglo-Saxon law was you can download a free copy of “Essays in Anglo-Saxon Law,” edited by Henry Adams.
But there was law, and even though it was recorded and influenced by the Church it originated in the secular minds of the kings and their advisors, and (bureaucracies being what they are) I imagined that there must have been a fraternity of men who helped the largely illiterate political elite of the time interpret and administer that law. So I grafted the position of advocate (thanks, Sister Fidelma) from 7th century Ireland onto 8th century Anglo-Saxon England. I’ll cop to it: I made it up, but I made it up within the context of the period. The advocate in my fictional 8th century doesn’t advocate for a defendant or for the prosecuting state, he advocates for the Law — he makes sure that all ritual and procedure are followed according to the applicable law codes because any deviation from the letter of the law would invalidate a case.
As an advocate, my protagonist Hring is a literate man (educated by the Church) and is steeped in the law codes of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms as well as the Laws of the Franks. What he learned in the monastery sometimes puts him at odds with the Old Testament ethos of Anglo-Saxon law, and a feature of the stories is how he can work within the existing structure of the law to deliver justice, or as he calls it, balance.
That tension, as well as the struggle he has to reintegrate himself into his kindred after his return from the monastery, covers him with a lot of internal and external scrapes, all of which emerge from the historical context and form his character.

http://usat.ly/10vyezyFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
What's really in the McDonald's McRib
As part of an ongoing marketing campaign to dispel myths about its food, McDonald's is opening up about it popular barbecue sandwich.
Post to Facebook
What's really in the McDonald's McRib As part of an ongoing marketing campaign to dispel myths about its food, McDonald's is opening up about it popular barbecue sandwich. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qpCiYU
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
What's really in the McDonald's McRib
As part of an ongoing marketing campaign to dispel myths about its food, McDonald's is opening up about it popular barbecue sandwich. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
More Videos:

http://usat.ly/1qpGistFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: Political pundits missed election tidal wave
Readers of the print edition of The Washington Post encountered this front page headline on Election Day: "After a bitter campaign, grim math for Democrats." Maybe the Post was on to something. This time
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Political pundits missed election tidal wave Readers of the print edition of The Washington Post encountered this front page headline on Election Day: "After a bitter campaign, grim math for Democrats." Maybe the Post was on to something. This time Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u0wXw5
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
83
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Political pundits missed election tidal wave
Video Keywords stock market Keystone Pipeline bullish stocks America's markets medical devices Obama
USA TODAY's Adam Shell on how Tuesday's election affects investors. Video by Jason Allen. Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Main street cast their votes on Election Day and Republicans
00:03  walked away with full control of congress. Now it's time for
00:07  Wall Street to vote with their wallets and their money. Hi
00:11  I'm Adam shell and this is America's markets yeah. Elections do
00:21  matter for markets. A power shift in Washington is a vote
00:24  for change. It's also a time when politics and money collide.
00:29  The early take away on Wall Street has been bullish stocks
00:32  are rallying as a GOP is dean more business friendly. While
00:36  the election results might not be the major game changer some
00:39  think. It does open the door for policy changes new laws
00:43  and other moves that could impact specific sectors of the economy.
00:47  Republicans for example we'll push for an expansion of the Keystone
00:51  Pipeline which a benefit energy and infrastructure companies. There also be
00:56  a push to repeal the tax on medical devices which would
00:59  be a boost for some health care name's. There's also renewed
01:02  hope that reform the corporate tax code is within reach. US
01:06  firms pay higher taxes than their counterparts abroad and that gulf
01:11  may narrow. The new GOP controlled congress will also push for
01:14  less burdensome rules on banks and financial firms. Trade agreements could
01:19  be tweaked immigration healthcare laws might also undergo changes. The big
01:24  question marks remain shore will be easier for the GOP to
01:27  pass bills and send them to the president for passage but
01:30  there's no guarantee Obama will sign them. There's also no guarantee
01:34  that chilly relationship between Obama and Republicans will warm up. But
01:39  mid term elections tend to be bullish for stocks the market
01:42  just before much better in the final quarter of the year
01:45  after a mid term vote. And the third year of the
01:47  four year presidential cycle is the most bullish of all. Since
01:51  1950 the US stock market has rallied nearly 19%. And the
01:55  third year of the president's term.
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 4:45 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., waves to supporters during his victory celebration in Louisville.
(Photo: Mark Lyons, European Pressphoto Agency)
216 CONNECT 78 TWEET LINKEDIN 83 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Readers of the print edition of The Washington Post encountered this front-page headline on Election Day: "After a bitter campaign, grim math for Democrats."
Maybe the Post was on to something.
This time around, the pre-election narrative — the accumulated wisdom of the political experts, the pollsters, the news media — was on target. As far as it went.
It seemed clear that Nov. 4 was going to be a very good day for the Republicans. It just wasn't clear how good.
Sure, the smart money had it right that the GOP was going to reclaim the Senate. But the extent of the shellacking the Democrats were destined to experience was a surprise.
Analysis: Shaking things up ... and making them worse?
That things were not playing out entirely as forecast was foreshadowed at the jump.  Literally moments after the polls closed at 7 p.m. ET in Kentucky and Virginia, NPR reported that Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell had won re-election, while the Senate contest in the Old Dominion was too close to call. Talk about upside down.
That's right. The same Mitch McConnell who through much of the campaign was thought to be in the battle of a lifetime with Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes won in a blowout. (For my money, Grimes forfeited any business occupying an elected office when she refused to say whether she had voted for President Obama. If someone updates JFK's book Profiles in Courage, don't look for a chapter on Grimes. Paging Ashley Judd!)
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., waves to the crowd with his wife, Lisa Collis, during an election party in Arlington, Va.
(Photo: Steve Helber, AP)
Meanwhile, Sen. Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat on absolutely no one's list of endangered incumbents, was last seen clinging to a narrow lead over former Republican national chairman Ed Gillespie.
As the night wore on, things just got worse and worse for the Dems. Remember the story line that control of the Senate might be in doubt for weeks until runoffs in tight states? That one quickly became inoperative.
There was no shortage of outcomes that were predicted pretty much nowhere. As one Facebook post had it, the only Republican in blue-on-blue Maryland was elected governor there. Liberal Massachusetts also elected a Republican governor. Democrats were supposed to be so competitive in the Georgia Senate race that a runoff was inevitable. Didn't happen. Sam Brownback, the Republican governor of Kansas left for dead by the pundits, prevailed. Senate races thought to be nail-biters were Republican romps.
As a career election-night junkie, I found it fascinating to watch the architecture of the results take shape as I ricocheted from cable channel to cable channel.
Naturally, the endless campaign was in full display. The polls hadn't even closed in many states and Chris Matthews on MSNBC was trying to goad Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn.,  into talking about the 2016 presidential contest.
There was also a poignant moment early in the going when Matthews, grasping at whatever it is that is much flimsier than straws, was frantically constructing scenarios as to how the Democrats could still control the Senate.
First Take: For Democrats, a bad start to 2016
But by 11 p.m. the upshot was evident. There was jubilation on Fox about the Senate. Former John McCain operative Steve Schmidt said on MSNBC that the GOP was on the verge of exceeding its wildest expectations. The inevitable Wolf Blitzer on CNN  was talking about a "big, big win for the Republicans."  He was alluding to the victory by Republican Joni Ernst, the noted hog castrator, over Democrat Bruce Braley — kind of figured he was in trouble when Michelle Obama could never get his name right. But Blitzer's remark perfectly summed up the entire evening.
For much of the campaign, while there was little doubt that things would go quite well for the Republicans, most of the cognoscenti weren't ready to award the likely denouement the ultimate Washington tribute: a "wave" election.
But as midnight neared, political buff extraordinaire and Meet the Press host Chuck Todd made it official on MSNBC: It was, he said, "turning into a large wave."
A tidal wave, even.
216 CONNECT 78 TWEET LINKEDIN 83 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u0wXw5
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/10nhsCkSen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas (David J. Phillip, AP)
This post was updated:
Can Republicans get along in the Senate majority? Part of that answer lies with Ted Cruz.
The Texas senator, elected with Tea Party support in 2012,  hasn’t been shy about taking on Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell and the party establishment on issues such as Obamacare. In a round of post-election TV interviews, Cruz stopped short of pledging his allegiance to McConnell, saying who becomes majority leader is a decision for the  GOP conference next week.
When asked by CBS News if he’d consider challenging McConnell, Cruz said: “Under no circumstances.”
Cruz dismissed the focus on whether he’d be loyal to  McConnell, who has long coveted the job of majority leader. “My practice has been not to second-guess leadership decisions and I recognize folks like to focus on the interpersonal jockeying between politicians in Washington,” he said. “I think most Americans couldn’t care less about politicians in Washington — they’re interested in solutions to real problems.”
Cruz said he still believes Republicans should try to repeal the Affordable Care Act — essentially a non-starter for those in the GOP still scarred by last year’s government shutdown.
“Republicans should do everything humanly possible to stop Obamacare,” he said. “We need to follow through on the promises Republicans made on the campaign trail.”
McConnell told Time magazine in an interview there wouldn’t be a full repeal of Obamacare and “no possibility of a government shutdown” when he becomes Senate majority leader.
As for Cruz specifically, McConnell noted the GOP conference also includes moderate Susan Collins of Maine. “There are lots of different points of view,” he said. “Bringing them together, that’s my job and I work on it every week.”
 

http://usat.ly/1zwmXOtFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Oil drops 50% from all-time high
The price of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil posted its all-time high of $147.27 on July 11, 2008. Tuesday morning, the price dropped to an intra-day low of $75.84.
Post to Facebook
Oil drops 50% from all-time high The price of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil posted its all-time high of $147.27 on July 11, 2008. Tuesday morning, the price dropped to an intra-day low of $75.84. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tXQ8qy
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Oil drops 50% from all-time high
Paul Ausick, 24/7 Wall St. 2:42 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
An oil pump works at sunset in the desert oil fields of Sakhir, Bahrain.
(Photo: Hasan Jamali, AP)
115 CONNECT 38 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The price of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil posted its all-time high of $147.27 on Friday, July 11, 2008. Tuesday morning, the price dropped to an intra-day low of $75.84, virtually half the price it hit just a little more than six years ago.
The really bad news that day was that many people did not believe that the price run was over. An analyst at Goldman Sachs had predicted in May that we'd get a "super spike" to $200 a barrel. Oilman T. Boone Pickens predicted oil would reach $150 a barrel by the end of 2008.
Then the financial crisis hit, and by December WTI had fallen back all the way to around $30 a barrel. WTI did not top $100 a barrel again until late February of 2011.
DIVIDENDS: Can you still trust stocks with 10% yields?
In 2008, demand for oil was through the roof and supply was struggling to keep up. China and other emerging markets were booming, U.S. consumption was near its peak, and there were no indications that the spiral would stop without an intervention from the Federal Reserve to boost interest rates as a way to forestall inflation.
U.S. oil producers then turned to a new technology that had transformed the natural gas business in the country — hydraulic fracturing, or fracking. By 2010, just three years after pundits had predicted the inevitable decline of U.S. onshore oil production, crude oil production had reached a low 4.5 million barrels a day. By late 2013, fracking had boosted that total to 7.5 million barrels a day.
Producers were not the only ones to make a change. Automakers, too, have helped drive down the cost of oil by making cars more fuel efficient. In July of 2008, the sales-weighted unadjusted Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) rating of the U.S. fleet was 26.1 miles per gallon. By August of this year, that number had risen to 30.7 miles per gallon.
U.S. drivers also cut down on their miles driven, from a peak of about 3.04 trillion miles driven on a moving 12-month average in November of 2007, the total has fallen to about 2.98 trillion miles. That 2% cut is the result of both a change in consumers' habits caused by the severe recession and more fuel-efficient cars.
It took crude oil just one year to rise from $75.74 a barrel in July of 2007 to $147.27 in July of 2008. WTI prices are now where they were more than seven years ago and could fall further. And no one is predicting $200 a barrel crude any time soon.
24/7 Wall St . is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
115 CONNECT 38 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tXQ8qy
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Union cabinet reshuffle on cardsUnion cabinet reshuffle on cards
Gujarat Pipavav Port: Outcome of board meetingGujarat Pipavav Port: Outcome of board meeting
Khattar asks departments to review Hooda govt s decisionsKhattar asks departments to review Hooda govt s decisions
Board of HeidelbergCement India approves change in financial yearBoard of HeidelbergCement India approves change in financial year
Ukraine to halt subsidies to rebel-held areasUkraine to halt subsidies to rebel-held areas
U.K. services PMI grows at slowest pace in 17 months in OctoberU.K. services PMI grows at slowest pace in 17 months in October
43 held for murder of Christians in Pakistan43 held for murder of Christians in Pakistan
Nordic nations EU warning for CameronNordic nations show little appetite for Cameron’s EU agenda
George Parker in London and Peter Spiegel and Christian Oliver in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15f6a7da-64fe-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. slams Pakistan for using militant proxies against IndiaUpdated: November 5, 2014 07:23 IST
U.S. slams Pakistan for using militant proxies against India
Narayan Lakshman
AP In this file photo, BSF patrols the border area to prevent militant threat.
TOPICS
act of terror
The Pentagon says "Afghan - and India-focused militants continue to operate from Pakistan territory
In an unusually candid report, the U.S. Pentagon has openly criticised Pakistan for using militant groups as proxies in a war against a “superior” Indian army, a step that could mark growing strategic closeness between Washington and New Delhi since Prime Minister Narendra Modi assumed office in May.
In its report on “Progress Towards Security and Stability in Afghanistan,” tabled in the U.S. Congress, the Pentagon said, “Afghan - and India - focused militants continue to operate from Pakistan territory to the detriment of Afghan and regional stability. Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India's superior military.”
The report also strongly hints that the terrorist attack on the Indian consulate in Herat, Afghanistan , in May, was deliberately timed to coincide with Mr. Modi’s swearing-in.
“In May of this reporting period, the Indian consulate in Herat Province was attacked by a group of four heavily armed militants. The attack came three days prior to the swearing-in of the new Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. Prime Minister Modi is perceived as being close to Hindu nationalist groups, a fact that may have played into the timing of the attack,” the report said.
It added that within a month of that strike the U.S. State Department announced that the terrorist outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba, the group behind the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, was responsible for the violence.
The report assumes additional significance as given Mr. Modi’s use of similar terms when he said in August, “The neighbouring country has lost the strength to fight a conventional war, but continues to engage in the proxy war of terrorism.”
Additional praise for India in the report focused on New Delhi’s continued support for a stable and secure Afghanistan, and in this regard the Pentagon said, “India and Afghanistan signed a strategic partnership declaration in 2011, which formalised cooperation on governance, economics, commerce, education, public administration, and security and law enforcement.”
Experts here appeared to be divided upon the significance of the statement on Pakistan’s use of militant proxies in the conflict with India.
Lisa Curtis, a former Central Intelligence Agency officer and currently a Senior Research Fellow at the Heritage Foundation, said to The Hindu, “U.S. government officials have long known and privately acknowledged that Pakistan supports militant groups that attack India and Afghanistan. The U.S. may be more willing to acknowledge this fact publicly as it withdraws U.S. forces from Afghanistan and relies less and less on logistical supply lines running through Pakistan.”
She added that this “blunt assessment” was in line with the Obama-Modi Joint Statement, which emphasised that the U.S. and India would work together to counter terrorist groups operating in the region and that Washington viewed LeT as an international threat and not “solely through an Indo-Pakistani prism.”
Further, Ms. Curtis said, this perspective could imply that the U.S. “will not shy away from taking steps to condemn, isolate, and punish the LeT, even if it angers the Pakistani government.”
However, Daniel Markey Senior Fellow for India, Pakistan, and South Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations noted that the report reiterated sentiments that have been voiced by the U.S. government in the past, notably including by former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Michael Mullen when he testified about the Haqqani network’s links with Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence.
In this context, Dr. Markey said to The Hindu, “I perceive the timing as being driven only by normal bureaucratic concerns and congressional mandates, and I don't believe that the report is based on new or different intelligence or analysis, although it is updated.”
He added that he did not see a shift in U.S. policy, “especially since there are sections of the report that emphasise the need for U.S.-Pakistan cooperation: ‘The U.S. continues to seek a constructive relationship with Pakistan that advances both U.S. and Pakistani interests.”
Further, Dr. Markey noted that even though the report came a little more than a month after Mr. Modi’s much-touted U.S. visit, “I don't imagine that there is a strong connection [of this report, with the Modi administration],” adding that it was “Not even 100% clear that the India side of the house would have had much to do with the drafting of the report.”
Suhasini Haidar adds:
"If the international community is now acknowledging the fact that terrorism derives support from Pak, its something that we welcome," Syed Akbaruddin, the Official Spokesperson of Ministry of External Affairs, said.
"We need to focus on terrorism as an evil scourge against whole of mankind. We have always held that the issue of terrorism should not been segmented"

US midterm elections: Republicans move toward larger House majorityRepublicans currently control 234 seats and almost certainly will hold more during the final two years of Obama's presidency.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:49 am
Confident Republicans predicted a hefty House of Representatives majority in Tuesday’s midterm elections, capitalising on dissatisfaction with President Barack Obama and national malaise to push their numbers toward the highest levels in 65 years.
Republicans currently control 234 seats and almost certainly will hold more during the final two years of Obama’s presidency. They were certain to win the seats of retiring moderate Democrats in Utah, North Carolina and New York while trying to win over Democratic strongholds in Illinois, Minnesota and California.
Some two dozen Democratic incumbents were in jeopardy, but just four Republicans faced competitive races. Republican victories in the latest midterm elections in 2010, fueled by the rise of the ultra-conservative tea party, gave the party the advantage in redrawing congressional districts.
The president’s party typically loses seats in midterm elections, but Obama’s low approval ratings around 40 percent have been a drag on Democrats, along with public unease with the Islamic State group threat, the Ebola outbreak and a lackluster recovery from the 2008 recession. Promising economic signs of a drop in the unemployment rate and cheaper gasoline have failed to help.
The election is certain to provide surprises, with Republicans and Democrats pointing to the high number of undecided voters in the closing days.
The Republicans were likely to match the 246 House seats of 1947-1949 when another Democrat, Harry S. Truman, occupied the White House. Democrats still hold the modern-day edge for most seats – 292 – in 1979.
Republicans purposely lowered expectations at a gain of five to eight seats, but privately some said anything less than a net of a dozen seats would be a disappointment.
A solid Republican majority means Speaker John Boehner can afford defections from his increasingly conservative caucus and still get legislation passed. Republicans are counting on partnering with a Republican-led Senate.
Obama, whose party lost 63 seats in 2010, would become the two-term president with the most midterm defeats, surpassing Truman’s 74.

Australia to staff Ebola hospital in Sierra LeonePrint
Spain's Health Minister Ana Mato walks past members of the media as she leaves a news conference on the first reported incident of Ebola transmission outside Africa, in Madrid, Spain, Monday, Oct. 6, 2014. A Spanish nurse who treated a missionary for the disease at a Madrid hospital tested positive for the virus, Mato said Monday. The female nurse was part of the medical team that treated a 69-year-old Spanish priest who died in a hospital last month after being flown back from Sierra Leone, where he was posted. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Canberra | Posted: November 5, 2014 12:49 pm
Australia’s prime minister said Wednesday that his government expects to staff a British-built Ebola hospital in Sierra Leone by the end of the month after reaching a deal with Britain on treating Australian health workers who might become infected with the deadly disease.
For weeks, Australia has refused requests from the United States and Britain to send health teams to West Africa to fight Ebola, which has killed almost 5,000 people, mostly in the worst-hit countries of Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea.
But Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Wednesday that while his government would not compel Australian health professionals to go Africa, it was now prepared to pay the way for doctors and nurses who volunteer to go there.
Abbott said Australia changed its stance because Britain guaranteed it would treat any Australian health worker infected with Ebola.
“In the last few days, we have had assurances from the United Kingdom they would treat any Australian who is working in the Ebola-impacted parts of West Africa as though he or she were a citizen of the United Kingdom,” Abbott told reporters.
He said Australians would be among the 240 people required to operate the 100-bed British hospital being built in Sierra Leone, but that most of the staffers would be local.
Australia has contracted an Australian company, Aspen Medical, to staff the hospital with local and international staff.
The new commitment increases Australia’s contribution to fighting Ebola in Africa from 18 million Australian dollars ($16 million) to AU$42 million.

David Kennedy new Executive VP at InfosysNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 20:23 IST
David Kennedy new Executive VP at Infosys
PTI
company information
Country’s second largest software services firm Infosys has appointed David D Kennedy as its Executive Vice President and General Counsel.
Based out of California, US, Kennedy will also be the Executive Officer for the purposes of SEC Reporting, Infosys said in a statement.
Prior to Infosys, he had worked at JDA Software Group, Better Place and Business Objects. He had also served in various leadership roles within the legal department of a number of IBM business units.
“Having served in leading legal roles at prominent technology companies over a 25-year career, David brings diverse and rich experience to lead this key dimension in the evolution of Infosys as we reshape into a next-generation services company,” Infosys CEO and Managing Director Vishal Sikka said.
In April this year, Infosys senior vice president and general counsel Nithyanandan Radhakrishnan had resigned from the firm to become an independent consultant on international legal matters.
Infosys had said it will continue its association with Mr. Radhakrishnan as the Bangalore-based firm would be “his first significant client.”
Mr. Radhakrishnan quit at a time when the firm was witnessing a slew of exits by high and middle rank executives.
However, since Sikka, who is a former Board member at enterprise solutions giant SAP, took over as the CEO at Infosys, several new executives, including senior vice presidents have joined the software services firm.

GE: Alstom power deal on pace for mid-2015 c...Save precious time tracking your investments
General Electric Co's $16.9 billion purchase of the power assets of France's Alstom is on pace for closing in the middle of next year after passing several steps, the head of GE's power business said on Wednesday.
The US conglomerate's biggest-ever acquisition had encountered fierce resistance from the French state earlier this year, but Alstom said on Wednesday that the deal won official clearance from the country's government, as well as support from European works councils.
Alstom also set a date of Dec 19 for its shareholders to vote on the transaction, while GE still needs regulatory approvals for the deal in more than 20 other countries.
"We have always said mid 2015. That's what we're on track for," Steve Bolze , president of GE's power and water business, said in a telephone interview.
The Alstom deal struck in June stands to expand GE's installed base of power-generating turbines around the world, which will allow the company to gain even more lucrative revenue from servicing the equipment.
Speaking from Switzerland , home to thermal power operations run by Alstom, Bolze said the company was more bullish on the deal after gaining more information about the French company and visiting sites.
"After four months of integration planning, we like the deal more today than the day we announced it," he said.
GE has said it expects the deal to add to earnings next year and boost earnings per share by 6 cents to 9 cents in 2016 through cost savings.
"Based on the information we have gotten in more detail since the original due diligence, the economics of the deal are still intact," Bolze said.
Asked about potential sites that could be consolidated, Bolze said: "We have ideas, we have more information, but I'd say we've got nothing definitive at this point."
GE cited Alstom's $10 billion in revenue from emerging markets as a reason for making the deal, although some developing economies have shown signs of weakness this year.
"If you look at the power market going forward, 70-plus percent of the growth in the next 20 years is going to be in the emerging markets," Bolze said. "While there's always going to be some soft spots in certain countries around the world, in aggregate to play in this industry you have to play at scale, you have to play globally."

Custodial torture  death; SC to consider suggestions ofamicusSC to consider suggestions like installation of CCTV cameras in police stations and prisons.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 9:58 pm
The Supreme Court on Wednesday said it will consider recommendations, like installation of CCTV cameras in police stations and prisons, to prevent custodial torture and death across the country.
“We will look into the recommendations,” a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur said when senior advocate A M Singhvi, who is the amicus curiae in a 1986 PIL, gave a slew of suggestions for preventing custodial torture and death of accused.
During the hearing, Singhvi said measures like installation of CCTV cameras in police stations and jails across the country, constitution of human rights commissions and surprise visits of jails and lock-ups by the non-official people would considerably reduce the cases of custodial torture and death.
“Every state should set up State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) in terms of Section 21 of the Protection of Human Rights Act within a period of six months,” he said, adding that states like Delhi, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Tripura and Nagaland do not have SHRC.
He also said that an order can be passed to ensure that the posts of chairperson and members of SHRCs do not remain vacant beyond three months.
Singhvi suggested that states with the concurrence of the Chief Justices of High Courts should constitute human rights courts in districts.
“Installation of CCTV cameras in all police stations and prisons throughout the country in a phased-manner will significantly check human rights abuse therein,” he said, adding Bihar has agreed and has already installed CCTV cameras in all prisons and in 44 police stations in the state. Tamil and Haryana have also agreed to this proposal.
To ensure that no atrocities are meted out to the arrested accused, it is necessary that “independent and non-official persons be appointed to conduct regular and random inspection of police stations and prisons,” he said.
Singhvi submitted that “mandatory” criminal proceedings for the offence of murder be initiated against erring cops if initial inquiry establishes the culpability in the case of custodial death.

Govt looking at land acquisition  labour reforms  says ArunJaitleyPrint
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley addressing the launch of World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 2:07 pm
While indicating that the process of pushing through structural economic reforms may be arduous, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said the NDA government is working on a series of fresh measures that include further easing of labour regulations and changes to the new Land Acquisition Act.
Addressing the opening day of the two-day India Economic Summit, Jaitley also said a push to the disinvestment process and changes to the norms on allocation of natural resources are on the anvil.
(Source: PTI photo)
“Some think that the second generation of reforms in India probably need one or two big bang ideas. But reforms is not about one sensational idea… you can damage the economy by just one bad idea,” he said, pointing out that the provision of retrospective taxation was one such proposal that damaged the prospects of the Indian economy.
Expressing satisfaction at the measures taken by the NDA government in the last few months, Jaitley said India was moving back on the radar of investors. “There is a buzz surrounding India now,” he said. He, however, called for foreign investors to participate in developing India’s infrastructure, which, he said, “has been facing financing issues of late.”
After the government recently laid down the guidelines for auctioning of coal blocks, Jaitley said the Centre is considering similar reforms for mining of other minerals. “With regard to other minerals, we are about to take similar reforms to eliminate the possibility of discretion and crony capitalism,” he said.
He also expressed hope that the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill would be passed in the coming session of Parliament.
Pointing out the limitations posed by the new land acquisition law, which checks acquisition of land even for crucial sectors like defence and housing for poor, Jaitley said the government is reviewing the second part of the law that deals with land acquisition.
“The law lays down a very complicated procedure for land acquisition. Conceptually, acquisition of land is always a sovereign right because you need land for everything including building defence cantonments, highways and houses. Therefore, if land acquisition is made complicated, then the growth process itself gets stalled, and this law has made it extremely complicated… Now, since the confusion has been established, the time has come that at least the second part of the law is relooked,” said Jaitley, adding that the government has no issue with the new compensation and resettlement scheme as proposed in the land acquisition law.
Jaitley said the labour laws need to change and the process continued…

Let there be moreWagahsThe Wagah attack on the beating retreat ceremony and the only road crossing between India and Pakistan was audacious. Striking at the symbol of national pride of two countries is a plan intended to go beyond just murder and mayhem.
Posted: November 5, 2014 11:10 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 11:11 pm
By: Bruce Riedel
The suicide bomber who killed dozens near the Wagah crossing probably intended to blow himself up at the beating retreat ceremony, where he could have killed even more innocents. The attack is the latest indicator that the terrorist infrastructure in Pakistan is audacious and wants to create a crisis between the two nuclear-weapons states in South Asia.
The Wagah crossing exemplifies both Indo-Pakistani competition — through the stylised ceremony at closing time — and cooperation — it is the only road crossing between the two countries. By striking at Wagah, a terror group would put New Delhi and Islamabad on a collision course. Prime Minister Narendra Modi would undoubtedly have called on Pakistan to crack down on terror infrastructure, including groups patronised by the Pakistan army, like the Lashkar-e-Taiba and the Jaish-e-Mohammad. So far, three groups have claimed credit for the attack; all have links to al-Qaeda.
Fortunately, the Pakistan Rangers security perimeter at Wagah prevented a worse disaster. This is the second time this year that good Pakistani security measures have stopped a very dangerous high-profile terror attack. In September, alert guards at the Karachi navy base prevented a plot to hijack a frigate, the PNS Zulfiqar, and use it to attack American navy ships in the Arabian Sea. That plot was the work of al-Qaeda’s new franchise in South Asia.
Ayman al-Zawahiri, the Egyptian-born amir of al-Qaeda living in Pakistan, released a 55-minute video before the Karachi attack, announcing the formation of a new al-Qaeda organisation to “return Islam’s rule” to the Indian subcontinent. The videotape is his first this year and threatens a wave of jihadist attacks in India. The new group is called the Jamaat Qaidat al-jihad fi’shibhi al-qarrat al-Hindiya or Organisation for the Base of Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent. Zawahiri named Asim Umar, who has previously written messages threatening India for al-Qaeda, as its leader. Last year, Umar reminded Muslims in India that they “ruled India for 800 years” and that it was time to return to Islamic rule and law in the subcontinent. This ideological fantasy of restoring the Mughal empire in India is not unique to al-Qaeda — other terror groups in Pakistan, like the LeT, share it.
Zawahiri has long been interested in India, and his propaganda since the 1990s has portrayed Hindu India as part of the Zionist-crusader conspiracy against Islam. He also has long-standing ties with the LeT’s leader, Hafiz Saeed. Al-Qaeda worked closely with the American, David Headley, who helped plan continued…

Britain sending more troops to train Iraqi and KurdishfightersBritain is sending more troops to train Iraqi and Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State militants.
By: Associated Press | London | Posted: November 5, 2014 11:10 pm
Five years after Britain ended its combat mission in Iraq, the Ministry of Defence says it is sending more troops to train Iraqi and Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State militants.
Last month a small British military team went to Irbil in northern Iraq to train Kurdish peshmerga forces.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said today that Britain would be “putting in more training people to help at the training centres across the country, not just in the Kurdish areas.”
He didn’t reveal the number of troops involved.
The new deployment advances Britain’s role in Iraq, which also includes airstrikes against the Islamic State group.
The government says it will not send British combat troops. Some 179 British personnel died in Iraq between the US-led 2003 invasion and the British withdrawal in 2009.

US Republicans plan quick move on Keystone in 2015: SenatorHoevenRepublicans will quickly introduce stand-alone legislation in the first quarter of 2015 that would approve the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline from Canada, testing President Barack Obama's resolve on the project.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 5, 2014 11:36 pm
Republicans will quickly introduce stand-alone legislation in the first quarter of 2015 that would approve the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline from Canada, testing President Barack Obama’s resolve on the project, Republican Senator John Hoeven said on Wednesday in an interview.
The move could bring end the long-standing limbo of TransCanada’s $8 billion project, which has languished for more than six years in a series of studies, reviews and legal challenges.
“I think Keystone will be one of the first bills we’ll be able to put up in the new Congress,” said Hoeven, who is from the oil-rich state of North Dakota.
After Tuesday’s elections, Republicans will have majorities in both houses of Congress starting in January.
“I’ve got a bill right now that’s got about 56 co-sponsors,” said Hoeven, who has fought for years in Congress to advance such a bill. “And with the election results, we’ll have over 60 who clearly support the legislation.”
Obama has expressed reservations about the environmental impact of the pipeline, which would carry as much as 830,000 barrels per day of Alberta oil sands crude to the US Gulf Coast. He has said the project needs his approval because it crosses an international border.
Hoeven’s bill would see Congress asserting its powers under the foreign commerce clause of the Constitution to approve the pipeline.
“In essence, it’s making that decision congressionally, rather than presidentially,” Hoeven said.
The Keystone bill still would need Obama’s signature to become law. Hoeven said that will be a test to see whether Obama is willing to work with the new Congress.
If Obama vetoes the bill, Republicans then would seek to attach it to must-pass legislation on other energy or appropriations issues, Hoeven said.

Once upon a time inKathmanduThough King Tribhuvan had burnt all bridges with the prevailing power structure in Nepal, he was probably assailed by doubts about India’s intentions.
Written by Nalini Singh | Posted: November 5, 2014 11:27 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:36 am
On November 6, in a Kathmandu palace, King Tribhuvan and his three princes told their retinue to load four cars with picnic hampers. Curiously, the king and his sons had packed the hampers themselves. It was 9.45 am, 64 years ago to the day, and an icy wind lashed the tall trees in the Narayanhiti palace.
The king’s two wives, the princes and their families, and crown prince Mahendra and two of his three sons settled in the cars for a picnic-hunt in Shivpuri forest. Mahendra’s wife had died two months earlier. His other son, three-year-old Gyanendra, was left behind in the palace.
Tribhuvan led the convoy, driving along the route that swept past the Indian ambassador’s residence-cum-office. His sons were at the wheels of the other three cars. As Tribhuvan’s Shah dynasty was a mere prop to power-wielding, autocratic, hereditary Rana prime ministers and army generals, a Rana army officer sat in each car. This was established practice to ensure that the king did not act autonomously. The king was trotted out and exhibited on ceremonial occasions. The Ranas controlled his budget, interaction with the world and, most importantly, his reputation.
At 10 am, as the convoy neared Shital Niwas, the 100-room residence-cum-office of the Indian ambassador, Tribhuvan suddenly swerved his car left, through the open gates of the building, followed by the other three cars. A Sikh guard opened the car door for the king. The Indian ambassador hurried down the stairs, and the king told him formally that he and his family were at the embassy to seek asylum, and asked that the accompanying Rana officers be taken into detention.
The king’s wives and family were dazed and subdued as they left the cars to be rushed to the ambassador’s private living quarters. The picnic hampers were unloaded, as also “the accompanying rifles, guns, ammunition”, and delivered to the royals. That was the family’s only baggage.
Some official records claim that the ambassador was caught unawares, but the backstory is fascinating. The king, who was the Ranas’ prisoner, had started making contact with an incipient people’s rebellion against the repressive Rana rule. He used ruses to slip away for a few stolen moments to meet the leaders. But, in time, he realised that these short meetings were futile.
Then, a young German physiotherapist, Erika Leuchtag, was introduced by the Rana rulers to the king’s household. Erika won the king’s confidence and has claimed that she arranged a hazardous first meeting between the king and the then ambassador, Sardar Surjit Singh Majithia, in her book, King In the Clouds.
For this meeting, the king drove with the mandatory Rana guard officer to his married son’s residence for a private family dinner. Here, continued…

